


The Billionaireâ€™s Toy








Penny Wylder







Contents



Books By Penny Wylder




Chapter 1


Chapter 2


Chapter 3


Chapter 4


Chapter 5


Chapter 6


Chapter 7


Chapter 8


Chapter 9


Chapter 10


Chapter 11


Chapter 12


Chapter 13




Epilogue


Excerpt of Deep in You


Books By Penny Wylder










Copyright Â© 2017 Penny Wylder
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the  U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written permission of the author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or businesses, organizations, or locales, is completely coincidental.








Sign up HERE!












Books By Penny Wylder





Filthy Boss

Her Dad’s Friend

Rockstars F#*k Harder

The Virgin Intern

Her Dirty Professor

The Pool Boy

Get Me Off

Caught  Together

Selling Out to the Billionaire

Falling for the Babysitter

Lip Service

Full Service

Expert Service

The Billionaire’s Virgin

The Billionaire’s Secret Babies

Her Best Friend’s Dad

Own Me

The Billionaire’s Gamble

Seven Days With Her Boss

Virgin in the Middle

The Virgin Promise

First and Last

Tease

Spread

Bang

Second Chance Stepbrother

Dirty Promise

Sext

Quickie

Bed Shaker

Deep in You












1




You know, Mondays suck enough without being fired. I scrub the tears off my face as I step off the elevator onto my floor. Damn my speaking voice. I’ve always had a naturally loud and brassy voice, and people mistake my normal speaking tone as raising my voice or somehow being aggressive. It’s not…it’s just me. But one too many complaints about my customer service because people think I’m yelling at them, and now I’m unemployed.
Okay, fine. Maybe sometimes I yell at them, but I swear that the customer is not always right.
I turn the corner and wish I hadn’t. My Super is walking down the hallway towards me and I’ve been trying to avoid him the way you try to avoid STDs. AT ALL COSTS. I’m a week late on my rent because some months are harder than others, and if I have to choose between rent and food, I'd rather not starve.
I give him a weak smile. “Hey, Joe.”
There’s no smile from him. “I need your check, Delia.”
“I know. My car broke down last week and I had to have it fixed so I could actually get to work. It’s coming; I swear.” I hope he buys the lie. In the years I’ve been living here, I’ve never had a car. I’m hoping that he hasn’t noticed.
He sighs. “I can’t give you much more time. There are plenty of people waiting for apartments in this building, and if you can’t pay then someone else will.”
“I can. I will.” I swallow, brushing past him to my door and hurrying inside so he can’t pressure me anymore and I don’t accidentally give away that I just lost my job. If he knew that, he’d be furious, and I’d be out of time. Hell, once I get some work, maybe I should move. I’m sure I can find somewhere less expensive and without a super as overbearing as Joe.
I drop my purse on the ground and flop down on the couch, sliding down until my neck is leaning on the cushion and my legs are sprawled out on the floor. The absolute picture of grace. My cell phone buzzes and I groan. Can everyone just go away and let me hide under a rock for an hour? Please?
The phone buzzes again and I shimmy it out of my pocket so I can see the screen. Two text messages.

What the fuck happened?

Get your ass to this bar and spill.

There’s a reason people call my best friend Fleece. First, she can be as cuddly as one of those blankets when she likes you, but she can also rip you a new one. Only she could get away with a nickname that has a double meaning. Don’t get caught calling her by her actual name—Veronica—or you’ll be getting the wrong end of that nickname.
While I’m looking at the screen, the phone buzzes again.

I called the store to make dinner plans. I’m giving you 10 minutes before I start calling you every 5.

I roll my eyes. She’s not exaggerating. Even while she’s at work, she’ll make it happen. I text her back.

Fine. I’m on my way.

The response comes lightning fast.

Nine minutes, thirty seconds.

Even though I’m exhausted and I feel like I’m made of stone, I drag myself off the couch. I’m not bothering to change. The bar gets to see me in my utterly sexy khakis and black polo shirt. Luckily, Joe isn’t anywhere to be seen as I leave the building and start the six-block walk to the Blind Scorpion. Fleece and I discovered this bar when we first moved to New York. Close enough to both our apartments to walk home, and prices that didn’t break our college students’ budgets. Five years later, Fleece is one of the best bartenders in town and practically runs the place as her survival job. And I…have no job.
Shit.
I push open the door to the bar and get a blast of cool air. New York in the summer is hot but you can always rely on the Blind Scorpion to cool you down. Fleece sees me and checks her phone. I know she’s looking to see how much time I’ve got left on her timer. She points down to the seat at the end—a dark corner where I lurk and we steal moments to gossip—and gives me her signature glare.
The hard high bar stool somehow feels comfortable. I’ve sat here so often that my ass is used to being shaped by this seat. It’s almost like a homecoming.
Fleece smacks a glass full of something in front of me. “Drink. What happened?”
“What do you think happened? I clearly won employee of the year.”
“Don’t do that,” she says, more gently. “You can tell me.”
I sigh, downing half of the glass she put in front of me. It’s delicious and sweet, something with a hint of apple and a little bit of a bite. “I had another complaint.”
She winces and tries to hide it with a smile, but I see it. “Sorry,” she says. “Same reason?”
“I swear I’m not yelling at them,” I say. My voice carries across the bar and at least two people look in my direction. Perfect.
Fleece starts laughing. “Of course you weren’t. Unless you were.”
I roll my eyes. “I know I’ve done that before, but I swear this time I wasn’t actually yelling. I was trying to be nice.”
“So why would they fire you?”
“Once they tag you as having a temper, it seems like they can’t get it out of their heads. Any complaint all of a sudden has to do with my temper, and I had t
oo many customer complaints in too short a time. They have a policy.”
“That sucks.”
“Plus,” I say, “I ran into Joe when I got home. He’s practically stalking me for the rent which I can’t give him because I am now broke and unemployed.”
Someone signals Fleece down the bar and she turns to me. “Look, hold that thought. Everything’s going to be fine. I think I might know a way to help you.”
I sit with my drink, taking occasional sips and gathering the confidence to tell Fleece no, she cannot lend me money again, no matter how much it might save my ass. The bar is busy tonight, especially for a Monday, and Fleece looks like she’s struggling to keep up. I look around and see a couple of waiters, but the bar seems really understaffed today.
When she finally manages to find a second to come back over, she’s practically out of breath.
“Why is it so busy?” I ask.
“No fucking clue. And Barbara is sick, so I’m all on my own back here tonight. She also gave her flu to the waiters she’s sleeping with.”
I choke on my drink. “Waiters? Plural? Isn’t the idea generally not to sleep with your employees?”
“I think Barbara does whatever and whoever she wants. But enough about that, check your email. I sent you something I think is going to help you.”
Pulling out my phone, I pull open the new email from her. I recognize the heading and the format—I’ve seen them before in her emails. I roll my eyes. “Fleece, this is a model casting call.”
“Yes, it is,” she says, replacing my drink. “My agent sent it to me and I can’t go. I’m way too busy with everything here, and Barbara out for who knows how long. On top of that, I’m not the kind of model they hire.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“And why wouldn’t I be serious about helping my best friend?”
I hold a hand to stop her, “No, I know, and I’m grateful, but you’re you. You’re glamorous and you know how to do this. I am not glamorous and I have no idea how to do what you do.”
Fleece pushes my drink at me and I take another sip. “It’s really not that hard, I promise. Besides, how many times have you seen me walk or pose? Just copy me. You’re gorgeous and they would be lucky to have you.”
Anxiety swims in my stomach. “I don’t know.”
“Will you at least look at the email?
I glance at my phone. “Xellum Studios? I’ve heard of them. Why won’t they hire you?”
She shrugs, “They have a darker aesthetic and rarely hire blondes. But you’d be perfect.”
“You’re forgetting again that I’m not a model.” I laugh. “I don’t have an agent.”
She taps my phone. “That’s why it’s perfect. You don’t have to have an agent to go to this one. Just be there early and get in line.”
“Why would they do that?”
“Who knows? Sometimes I think the same models get sent over and over again to castings, and if they don’t find what they want, they’ll try somebody new. I think you’ve got a look they’ll like.”
I roll my eyes again, my stomach churning with anxiety just thinking about it. “I think you’ve been drinking on the job.”
She laughs, but she shakes her head. “I’m serious. Just walk like you’re trying to get a guy to look at your ass, but you’ve also got a stick up that same ass, and you’ll be fine.”
Liquid bubbles out of my mouth and I reach for napkins as I laugh, unable to control myself. “Is that what you think about when you’re walking in shows?”
“Hell yes.”
“This makes your runway bitch face ten times more hilarious.”
She cracks a grin, and I know that runway bitch face is going to have more trouble at her next show. “Seriously though, go to the casting. It’s tomorrow. You’re not going to schedule any interviews by tomorrow anyway.”
I take another sip of my drink. “The real question is if you’re going to let me leave this bar without actually signing up for the call.”
Fleece sweeps her blonde hair over her shoulder and smirks. “Not a fucking chance.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”











2




This was a terrible idea. I’m not as early as I wanted to be. Some people might call it “late,” but I’m choosing to call it “fashionable.” I admit that one popped into my head and made me laugh more than it should have. Probably because of the nerves. I’ve been debating just not showing up all morning. I don’t think I can do this. No matter what, it’s not as easy as Fleece says.
I finally walk up to a white storefront in downtown Manhattan. I don’t come down here that often, but I know this is the place. There are tall, beautiful women milling around the entrance to the store; some talking, some leaving.
A woman in her forties with a headset and a clipboard is standing in the doorway. I’m guessing I need to speak with her. I jog up the couple of steps to where she’s standing and smile. “Hi, I’m Delia Cameron.”
She gives me a once-over and looks down at her list. “You’re late.”
“Yeah, sorry.” I give her apologetic smile. “Train delays.” The one lie that everyone in New York City will believe.
She purses her lips. “Yes, well, if you’re cast, Mr. Xellum will expect you to be punctual. His time is literally money.” She waves me inside. “You’re the last one. Come on, we’ll get you in some clothes while the others are finishing up. I’m May, Mr. Xellum’s assistant.”
She leads me through the store—a bright white space filled with clothes in surprising shapes and colors. They’re all something I would buy if I weren’t broke. It’s a total New York dream: wall-to-wall windows and racks of stunning clothes. Soft club music plays in the background, and a model is walking back and forth in front of a table with several people.
May stops at the edge of the room, and we wait as the model finishes. “We’ll see what Mr. Xellum wants you to walk in before having you change.”
The table has three people behind it, and only one man. Holy. Fucking. Shit.
This is the kind of man that appears shirtless on a beach in perfume ads. He is—should be—a model, not looking for them. He’s relaxed in his chair, a lazy grace that contrasts with the look on his face. That look could take down anyone, and I’m not sure I want to be on the receiving end of it. Especially not since I was late.
The model finishes her walk, and Mr. Xellum gives her a curt nod. “Thank you for coming in. We’ll be in touch.”
She walks off towards a changing screen, and May ushers me forward. “One more, Mr. Xellum. Last one.”
Suddenly I’m pinned to the spot because his gaze has fallen on me. He hasn’t even moved, but it’s like something shifted. His eyes travel up and down my body, and I blush, because the gaze is intimate. He sees everything about me, through my clothes and down to my bones. At least that’s how it feels.
He stands, straightening his suit, and steps out from behind the table. He holds out a hand to me, a small smile on his face, which only makes me look at his jaw and damn that’s a pretty sight. “I’m Andrew Xellum,” he says. “And you are…?”
“Delia Cameron,” I manage to get out, though my voice sounds like I’ve been running for ten blocks. Get it together girl.
His stare is still so intense, and that little smile on his lips is maddening. I want to know what he’s thinking since I know in this second he’s thinking about me. Abruptly he turns, breaking our eye contact, and I feel hollow. It’s like his gaze was holding me up and now I’m ready to collapse. He takes a dress off a nearby rack of clothes. It’s pale blue and it floats lightly as he hands it to me. “Walk in this please,” he says, and nods at the changing screen.
“You haven’t even looked at my measurements.”
He raises an eyebrow, and that little smile is back, even stronger. “I do this every day. I can tell just by looking at you.” He emphasizes his words with a long, slow look from my head to my toes, and I swear I can feel it on my skin, and my knees feel wobbly. I mumble something and take the dress from him. This is insane. Why did I let Fleece talk me into this? Auditioning for a job was what I signed up for, not humiliating myself in front of the hottest man I’ve ever seen. Now I’m going to make a fool of myself because I’m not a model and I’m probably going to fall flat on my face.
The dress is layers of sheer fabric so light they seem to blend in to my pale skin, like the dress is almost growing out of me. The effect is gorgeous, like I was born in it. The downside is that I have to take off everything. Everything. Even the slightest shadow of underwear beneath this dress will ruin the effect, and for some reason I want him to see me like this. I want him to see the effect he was hoping to create even though I’m sick to my stomach with anxiety.
I step out from behind the screen and his eyes are on me instantly. For just a second, I think I see him do a double take, but then he’s smiling. “Walk, please.”
He goes back to the table, and I do my best to ignore the fact that he’s starting at me with a hunger that’s heating up my skin. Here goes nothing. I walk just like Fleece said: like I have a stick up my ass but I want to have someone look at it anyway. That’s not a hard thing to do because I desperately want him to look at me. To keep looking. It’s the most attention I’ve gotten from the opposite sex in months, and I’m surprised to realize how much I’ve missed it.
Before I know it, I’ve walked back and forth across the room and stopped. I didn’t fall over, so at the very least I can walk out of here knowing that. I’m looking at Mr. Xellum, and he’s looking at me. I don’t dare break the pose I’ve ended in. He tilts his head, a curious expression on his face. “You don’t have an agent.”
It’s not a question. “No.”
“I didn’t think so. I would have remembered you.” A fierce blush rises to my cheeks. “And do you have any modeling experience?”
I press my lips together for a second before answering. “None at all.”
“Good,” he nods. “I wanted somebody who is a raw talent.” I try to smile, try to wrap my head around the fact that he thinks I have any talent in at all. “If you don’t have an agent, and you don’t model, how did you end up here? I’m just curious.”
“I have a friend,” I say. “She didn’t think the casting was right for her but she encouraged me to come. I’m recently out of work and had nothing to lose.”
He chuckles. “I like that you’re honest about it. Why didn’t your friend come?”
I raise an eyebrow and aim for honesty. “You don’t hire blondes.”
“Not often, no,” he says. “I find that dark hair contrasts with my clothes in a way I like. But regardless, encourage your friend to come to my next casting. I owe her one.”
“Why?”
“Because she sent you.” He stands again, and comes around the table. “I’d like you to be at the Flatiron building tomorrow, noon sharp.” Giving me another slow look in the dress he designed, he walks past me and out the door.
I take a breath and it feels like waking up. “What on earth does that mean?” I ask to no one in particular.
May smiles kindly at me. “It means you’re hired, dear, for at least the exhibition tomorrow. Please, don’t be late.”
“Wait though, is that just how he is? Is he always that intense?”
“Oh, yes,” she says. “Don’t worry, if you work with him, you’ll get used to it. He’s very direct and never lies. In this business, it’s refreshing.”
Handing me a paper with the official details for the next day, May ushers me back towards the changing screen. “We’ll see you in the lobby of the building tomorrow.”
And then she’s gone. I change out of the dress as quickly as I can and leave the store, trying to avoid the murderous glances of the other models milling around, maybe hoping for another glimpse of Xellum. Is it possible that they figured out that I was picked?
I pull my cell phone out of my bag as I hurry towards the subway. Fleece is never going to believe this.











3




The Flatiron building has always been one of my favorite buildings in the city. Gorgeous architecture and a great neighborhood. All benefits for me.
I made sure to leave my house earlier than I normally would, and make it in plenty of time. Fleece and I aren’t even exactly sure what the exhibition is, even though we spent more than enough time last night poring over the casting call for any details they might have slipped in. There was nothing. The only thing we know is that it will be over the top. Everything that Andrew Xellum does is over the top, which does nothing to ease the growing ball of nerves in my stomach. But at the very least, Fleece did coach me through what I would be doing with hair and make-up and what to say in case I have any problems. She’d be a good agent, if that were her thing.
Even though I’m early, May is waiting in the lobby of the building. She gives me a warm smile, and I know that at least part of it is relief that I’m not late. “Right this way.”
She sweeps me through a side door into a tiny room that’s been converted into a dressing room. There are already way too many people in here. Oh god, I can’t breathe. What if this is a mistake? I need a second to stall. I pull May to the side. “Sorry, I just want to know what it is exactly that I’m doing before I go in there.”
Her face goes blank for a second. “Oh, I’m sorry sweetie. I forgot that you don’t have an agent that would have told you. Today Mr. Xellum is having a display of his clothes in the Prow Art Space. You’ll be on a rotating platform, and every 10 minutes, the curtains drop for you to change clothes.”
Nerves crawl in my gut. “So I’ll be just standing there with people looking at me?” I guess that’s what modeling is, but doing it in a window somehow seems really different than walking down a runway.
“Yes, that’s the idea. A living mannequin who can change her pose and make the clothes come to life. And you’ll be modeling day and evening counterparts. Convertible clothes that a woman can spend the whole day in.” She leads me inside. “Oh, and before I forget, here’s your pay rate. I’ll need your bank details for direct deposit.”
I look down at the piece of paper that she’s handed me. I struggle to keep my jaw from dropping. “Are you serious?” To a lot of people, three thousand dollars might not seem like a lot of money, but it’s going to save my ass. I’ll be able to pay my rent and my bills.
May laughs, “Yes, we’re serious. If Mr. Xellum likes your performance, I’m sure you’ll be up for more jobs. Once he takes a liking to someone, there’s always work.” She pushes me into the make-up chair with a firm hand on my shoulder.
“If that’s true, then why was he looking for someone new?”
She smiles. “Mr. Xellum can be a bit…avant-grade with his shows. Not everyone is up for it. This one is tame by his usual standards.”
I nod, making a note to look up his other work when I get home this evening. I was too nervous to look at much last night because I would imagine myself doing those crazy things and it didn’t help my nerves. I send up a prayer that the things he has planned aren’t too out there for me. If the money is this good for every job, it could really change my life.
May rushes away, and I’m left in the room with a bunch of strangers. A bunch of strangers whose job it is to make me perfect for this exhibition. The make-up artist goes to work on me, and over the next thirty minutes, I transform from someone ordinary into a dark-eyed woman with sexy, curly hair and shiny lips.
Never in my life have I looked this good, and when I tell the make-up artist, she laughs.
“I don’t know about that,” a deep voice says from behind me. “I imagine you look this good all the time.”
Andrew Xellum is standing in the doorway, that same hungry look on his face as he takes in my hair and make-up. He glances at my crew. “I need to show her the space.”
My make-up artist nods. “She’s ready; everything but touch-ups.”
“Excellent. Delia, if you’ll come with me please.”
I stand and follow him. We go down a narrow hallway and into a windowed space covered in curtains. I recognize it as the inside of the Prow Art Space, the tiny glass gallery on the very tip of the flatiron building. The ground is covered in gauze and fluffy fabric that makes it look like we’re walking on a cloud, and I imagine that it will look that way from the outside as well. Just like May described, there’s a circular platform. Andrew—can I call him Andrew if it’s only in my head?—holds out his hand. “Up here, please.”
An electric jolt goes through me as our skin makes contact. I can feel that touch through my entire body and damn, does it feel good. Suddenly I’m trying to remember the last time I was touched by a man, even casually. It’s been way too long if a touch on the hand is making my body feel this way. Or maybe it’s him. Holy shit, I’m staring at our joined hands and this is my new boss. I blush furiously and he gives me a smirk that makes it seem like he knows exactly what that skin-on-skin contact did to me.
“You’ll be up here the entire exhibition. You won’t have to move. The curtains will rise, and you’ll be in the first outfit. After 10 minutes, the crew will come in and convert the look from day to night. That will be in full view; it’s the whole point. The clothes are designed to change tone quickly, and you won’t ever be exposed. After the next ten minutes, the curtains fall and the crew will help you do a quick change before they rise again. Pretty simple.”
I clear my throat. “Do you want me to stand still? Change poses?”
It’s such a basic question, something a more experienced model should know, that I almost expect him to laugh. I’m desperate for any clue on how to do this and keep down the latte that I had earlier. But he doesn’t laugh. He considers, stepping back and taking me in, even though I’m only in my tank top and jeans. “You can move,” he says after a moment of silence. “Just not too fast. I’d say maybe two or three poses per look. That will give you time for a couple of revolutions for each pose.”
“Okay,” I nod. “I can do that.”
Andrew checks his watch. “Curtains go up in fifteen minutes,” he says with a little smile. “I’ll be watching.”
A shiver goes through me as he turns to leave, and my mouth opens before I can stop it. “Why me?” He turns back at the door. “You could have had so many models with more experience. Not someone who’s never modeled before. So why?”
Just like with my earlier question, I can see him consider his words carefully. “Most people in fashion are looking for something brand new. A look or a combination of features that they’ve never seen before. That’s not what I look for in a model. I want someone who makes me feel. When she walks down a runway or you see her in a photograph, she has a spark that connects with you.”
“So you’re saying you think that I have that spark?”
He smiles. “No. You don’t have the spark. You have the whole damn fire.”
And then he leaves me there gaping after him, my entire body tingling with his words.
One of the crew comes to get me, and while they dress me I’m in a daze. I don’t think I’ve ever made that kind of impression on anyone before. And the way he looks at me gives me shivers down my body that make me imagine darker, more intimate moments with just the two of us between a set of sheets.
I lock those thoughts down because this is a job, and he’s my boss and I can’t afford to think like that when I’m about to be stared at for four hours. I’m dressed in a pair of long bolero pants and a coral dress shirt, and my face and hair get tweaks as I’m guided down the narrow hallway again.
God, I can’t believe I’m doing this. I’ve never been afraid of getting up in front of people, but this feels entirely different. New. Nerve-wracking. I’m helped up onto the platform, and I wobble in my heels. They arrange my pants around the shoes and I nearly lose my footing again as the rotating platform starts to move. Suddenly there’s music, and I know that the music will play outside as well. The curtain starts to go up and I try to control my breathing as I pick a pose. This is real. This is real. This is real.
There’s a crowd of people gathered outside the windows. Of course there is. If what May said is true, then Andrew Xellum is famous for works of fashion bordering on performance art. Anyone like that is going to have fans that show up to see his next piece of work. Oh god, I might throw up. Don’t look at them. Don’t look at them. I don’t focus on the faces; I focus beyond them as I’m turned around slowly. I pick a point and stare at it for as long as I can, and it helps me keep my balance. If I’m going to be rotating for four hours I can’t afford to be dizzy.
I’m on my second rotation when I see Andrew. He’s standing further back from the crowd, watching just like he said he would be. All those thoughts I tried to lock down come flooding back and my focus narrows to just him. I don’t feel dizzy or overwhelmed or panicked. Instead I feel a new kind of focus, that crippling nervousness I felt moments ago melting away. I slowly change my pose, aware that his eyes are on me, and the movement is slow, sensual, and right. I suppose if you have the right audience you can always find what feels right.
There’s not enough time to think about what Andrew Xellum being the right audience means because the crew is here and they’re changing the look. A few clever hooks in hidden places and the bolero pants separate and are folded up into a sexy short skirt. Openings in the sleeves of the blouse appear to show a little more skin, and suddenly it feels like I’m ready to go dancing.
I let a smile appear on my face as I change my pose and rotate. I see Andrew nod. He likes this. I like it too. It’s not nearly as hard as I thought it would be, especially when I can feel his eyes on me. It feels like no time at all until the curtains drop and I’m whirled into the next outfit, and then the next. There’s a theme to the clothes, each look starting out tame, and becoming sexier and sexier with each transition. I feel sexy too, knowing that wherever he is, he’s watching. He’s been moving around outside the window, and every time I find him again I get a burst of energy.
The curtains drop and the crew rushes in. “Last one,” someone whispers to me. It’s a deep purple gown with a plunging neckline, lace sleeves and plenty of sheer material around my legs. This is definitely the most couture of the things I’ve had on today. I step into the dress, and there’s some type of body suit inside, but I don’t have a good picture of what the transformation will be. It doesn’t matter though because I’m high on the moment.
The curtains rise and I sweep the skirt out and let it drop. I can’t be a mannequin in this dress, it needs movement. I break my rules for this one, and I don’t stop moving. Even though it’s slow so I don’t fall off my pedestal, I dance, swaying with the music that’s flowing through the speakers and making the dress dance too.
The crew comes in for the final time, and this time there isn’t a clever flowing and clipping. With two buttons, half the dress falls off, revealing the bodysuit I felt underneath. It’s more skin than fabric, and I realize that this is the final transition: eveningwear into lingerie.
I lose my momentum for just a second. Do I want to be in front of half of New York in my underwear? The answer comes immediately and unexpectedly. Yes. Striking a new pose, I raise my arms above my head and lean into it, using poses that push the line between fashion and something too sexy for the Flatiron building on a sunny afternoon. I find Andrew again, but this time he’s not outside. He’s standing in the doorway of the gallery. The encouraging smile he’s worn this whole time is gone, replaced with a look of intensity and sheer heat.
The curtains drop and the crew comes to help me down. Suddenly I realize how exhausted I am. My feet are aching from hours in high heels and I’m sweating. I didn’t feel any of it until this moment. Someone from the crew hands me a water bottle, and another one a robe. They pull me down the hallway, I assume to get me out of hair and make-up, but Andrew stops them. “I’d like a moment alone with Delia, please.”
No one even questions, just subtly disappearing and leaving the two of us alone. But not even that is enough, because he pulls me into another tiny room across from the dressing room. It’s cluttered with random electronics and paraphernalia for the gallery, and there’s barely room for the two of us to stand together, but we do.
He towers over me, and I can feel the heat coming off his body in the small space. “That,” he says, “was everything I hoped for.”
“I’m glad you liked it,” I say, breathless at how close he is after hours of being drunk on the feeling of his gaze. I want to reach out and touch him, and he’s so close that I’m can barely stop myself from reaching out.
“I want you,” he says, and my breath catches. “I want you to work for me.”
Stupid, Delia. Of course he wants you to work. This was a job, not an audition for which model is going to fall into his bed. On the heels of disappointment comes a wave of happiness. He wants me to work. I can pay my bills and not have to worry about being evicted! “I’d like that.”
“I want to know if you can handle it,” he says, his voice sliding low. “I want to know that you’ll do everything that I ask, because I haven’t found a muse like you in a long time.”
“A muse?” I smile. “I don’t think I’ve ever been called someone’s muse before.”
“I want you to be mine,” he says, inching just a little closer, and I suddenly find it hard to breathe. “I want you to say yes, not only for me, but because it will help you too.”
I raise an eyebrow. “Oh? How so?”
“The things I’ll ask you to do won’t always be easy. And a lot of them will push your limits. But they’ll also help you become more. I told you, you have that fire in you, and I want to help you make the world burn brighter with it.”
I laugh a little, his passion at once arousing and unnerving me. “You come on a little strong, Mr. Xellum.”
“Yes, I do,” he says, his expression not changing. “And I always will. I know what I want and I never compromise, which is why I need to know if you’re able to handle it.”
“I think you’ll be surprised at what I’m able to handle,” I say, giving him a sly smile. “I accept.”
“Perfect,” he says, straightening. “I’ll tell May and she’ll handle the details.”
He opens the door and strides out, just like yesterday, leaving me gaping and turned on in his wake. The man certainly has a flare for dramatic and abrupt exits. Damn.
I lean against the wall, my energy evaporating, but I’m smiling. I have a job and the hottest boss in the world.











4




“Girl,” Fleece says the second I walk into the Blind Scorpion, “I’ve already seen it on YouTube. I wish I could have been there. You looked like a badass.”
I laugh and practically collapse on my chair. Before I even came over here I dropped off the rent check to Joe. So not only am I exhausted, I’m relieved, which just makes me that much more tired. “Which look did you see? You can’t have watched a three-hour show on YouTube.”
She gives me a look that makes me blush. “You know which one. The only look that anyone is going to be talking about. The last one, obviously.”
“Yeah,” I say, blushing. Looking back now, I can’t believe that felt so natural. I’m embarrassed just thinking about it. “I honestly don’t even know how I did it.”
Fleece rolls her eyes. “You know that I’ve known you for ten years and I know instantly when you’re lying, right?”
“Ugh. Fine,” I say. “But give me a drink first.” She passes me another one of her concoctions—I’ve learned not to ask what’s in them anymore. “It was him.”
“What do you mean?”
I sigh. “I mean, it was him. Andrew Xellum. Have you seen him?”
Fleece rolls her eyes. “Of course I’ve seen him. He’s so gorgeous it’s just unfair. But I’m still not sure what he has to do with your performance other than hiring you?”
“I mean, I thought I was going to vomit, but then I saw him watching me and the whole performance suddenly made sense. Like thinking of him as the audience was what I needed to make myself cut loose. It’s hard to explain.” I take a deep sip of my drink. “But the best part is that he wants to give me more work. So I really owe you one for making me go.”
Fully expecting her to be overjoyed, I’m surprised when her face is wary. “Are you sure you want to do that?”
“Why wouldn’t I?”
“I didn’t say anything because you really needed the work, but I’ve heard things about him. I’ve heard that he’s a bit cold and demanding and he can be hard to work for. There are rumors about why his last favorite quit. I don’t know, maybe he did something that was over the line.”
“You could have said something last night if you didn’t think it was a good idea.”
She sighs. “Why would I do that? You’re broke and about to be living in my apartment. You needed the money. I’m just saying to be careful. Things can be too good to be true.”
“I will admit that he’s really intense,” I say, remembering our conversation in the little closet, “but I’m going to give it a shot. I’m not signing a contract with him or anything so it’s not like I can’t walk away if I need to. Plus, so far he hasn’t done anything I wouldn’t expect from a highly driven man who works in fashion.”
Fleece chokes on a laugh and I follow suit. “Well,” she says, “I’m happy you have work. Free drinks all night in celebration.”
“Barbara is going to kill you,” I say, raising my eyebrows.
She nods to someone trying to get her attention down the bar. “Barbara better worship the fucking ground I walk on after all I’ve done for her this week. I think I’ll risk giving my best friend a few celebratory drinks.”
She hurries away, and I turn in my chair and lean back against the wall. During the exhibition I felt like I had nothing but energy. Now I feel like I could crawl into bed and sleep for a week. But at least I’ll be able to do that with money in my bank account. That’s a new feeling.
I’m zoning out, almost ready to bail and go home to sleep, when Fleece makes her way back over to me. “By the way, you know you’re basically going to be a celebrity now, right?”
Laughing, I roll my eyes. “That’s ridiculous.”
She shakes her head, “I know you’re new to this, but in the fashion world, Xellum Studios is it. Even though his stuff is really out there when he does shows, his designs are gorgeous and everyone loves them. He’s a huge deal.”
“I’m guessing you also didn’t tell me this so I wouldn’t freak out.”
“Maybe,” she grins. “I’m guessing you haven’t checked your social media pages today, have you?”
“No.” I grab my phone up the bar and open Twitter. I’ve always been a lurker on Twitter; following my favorite celebrities and friends. The only followers I had were my handful of friends. Tonight, I have over four thousand followers. The sight nearly makes me spit out my drink. “What the fuck? How did they even find me?”
“Welcome to the age of the internet. That transformation video is already going viral. You’ll have way more followers in the morning. Check your Instagram.”
I do, and there’s an even bigger jump. 6000 followers. “This is insane.”
“Absolutely, but use it. The more popular you are, the more money they’ll have to pay you,” she says with a wink.
There are no words for this, so I just take a sip of my drink.
“Oh,” she continues, “you may want to update those profiles to say who you are. Not just ‘retail associate,’ since you’re clearly not that anymore.”
“Right.”
I feel a little dizzy. If I had known this would change my life completely, would I have done it? Am I going to regret it later? Right now I don’t, but who knows in the future.
“I know that look,” says Fleece. “You’re starting to second guess yourself.”
“What if you’re right?” I ask her. “What if it is a bad idea?”
She shakes her head. “It was stupid of me to even bring that up. It’s not a bad idea. You’re going to make more money than you’ve ever made in your life and work with one of the most talented designers on the planet. Don’t worry, I’m going to be right here while you do it. Now drink your damn drink while I make you another one.”
I raise my glass. “Yes, ma’am.”











5




Walking in to this art gallery was the closest thing I’ve ever really felt to being a celebrity, and I’m not sure how I feel about it. Sure, my social media accounts have blown up in the past couple of weeks, but people still don’t recognize me on the street. But the crowd waiting to get into the gallery where Andrew and his friend Heather are putting on a collaborative show? Those people know me. They’re asking for autographs and taking pictures and I feel anxiety rising up in my chest when May and a giant security guard fish me from the crowd and drag me inside.
“Do you ever get used to that sort of thing?”
She grins. “Never.”
“Perfect.” I supposed I’ll have to get used to it if I want to keep doing this though, and for now, I want to. So I have to suck it up and deal, even though the thought of any of those people just coming to see me makes me kind of want to pass out.
She starts walking towards the back of the gallery. “This way to hair and make-up.”
I look around as we cross the gallery. There’s definitely an aquatic theme going on with the art and the lights, everything drenched in teal and blue. Unlike the last exhibition, which was for an already existing Xellum line, both the art and Andrew’s new line of bathing suits are debuting tonight. I’m not the only model this time—which is a relief—but I still think he has something special planned.
Over the past couple of weeks, I’ve been down to his studio so they could take measurements of my entire body. Now that I’m working with him, they’ll make the designs to fit me. Even though I don’t get to keep them, it feels amazing putting on clothes I know are going to fit perfectly. I’ve only seen Andrew in passing, but the spark between us is there. I can feel it.
Walking into the back room, he’s there. He smiles when he sees me, but it’s a professional smile, not at all like the sultry little ones I catch him sending my way. “I’m glad you’re here. Your make-up is the most complicated, and we need to get started, plus I want to see the final look. Trish,” he calls over his shoulder as he guides me to a chair.
The same make-up artist from last time comes over smiling. Andrew points to my cheekbones. “Masque make-up, heavy blues and greens, think mermaid. Lips need to match. Hair loose and as smooth as you can possibly get it.”
I look up at him. “A ‘hello’ would be nice.”
He stops for a second, “Hello. Find me as soon as you’re finished. We have a lot to do.”
“Wow,” I say quietly as he hurries away.
Trish laughs softly, “Don’t take it personally. That’s just how he is, especially on show days. He’s got a lot on his mind and he knows what he wants.”
We fall into conversation while she does my make-up, and I find myself relaxing. Trish has a very musical voice and it’s nice to hear her speak. It’s also nice to get a little more insight into the mysterious Mr. Xellum. I like hearing stories about him, like the time he got drunk and thought that lime green disco pants were a good idea, or how he made sure that a sick seamstress got all the rest she needed even though it was fashion week. Sure, she tells me, he’s a hard ass, and he errs on the cold side, but he’s a good guy.
When she’s finished and I look in the mirror, I don’t even recognize myself. I’m a sea creature come to life, my face patterned with gentle ripples and a blend of colors so seamless you would never know it’s not my skin. My hair is shiny, and seems darker than normal as it catches the light. “I think you’re a miracle worker.”
Trish laughs, “If I were a miracle worker I’d be able to make everyone’s wrinkles and grays go away.”
“Okay, temporary miracle worker then.”
“That, I’ll take. But you may not think I’m such a miracle worker when you have to wash it off later.”
I give her a wink. “I’ll be sure to curse your name plenty.”
Hopping out of the chair, I go to find Andrew. I find him at another model’s station, directing what he wants her look to be. I wait until he’s finished and sees me. He gives me a once-over and nods, gesturing for me to follow. I do, and he pulls a swimsuit off the rack. It looks complicated and gorgeous even on the hanger. With it is a sheer robe in colors that match my make-up. “This is yours for tonight. Let me see it, I want to make sure it’s perfect.” Then he leans in suddenly, and I’m overwhelmed by his sudden closeness. “You’re the centerpiece.”
And then he’s backed away like nothing’s happened. My heart is thundering, and I scold it. I can’t get worked up every time he pays me any kind of attention. But he is paying attention. Even though he’s professional, I can see the way he’s looking at me. My body reacts to it in a way it never has with anyone else.
“Hurry,” he says, “I still need to show you your choreography.”
“Choreography?”
He smirks. “Something like that.”
I duck behind the screen and pull on the bathing suit. It’s a one-piece, but it’s so scandalous that it might as well be two. The fabric is woven in tight knots that form patterns over my skin. Some places are webbed with lace and sheer gauze, others are open to my skin. One strap is intentionally off the shoulder, and the colors are the same deep blue and teal that seem to be the theme. I put the robe on over the bathing suit, and I have to admit, it really works. I look like some sort of wanton mermaid or siren, ready to call to sailors and wreck their ships. With my make-up and hair, I look like someone who would do it with delight.
Coming out from behind the screen, I see that Andrew has walked a little ways away and is consulting with someone dressed in black who has a headset in his ear. They’re looking at a clipboard, and the headset guy seems really animated. Again, I wait. Trish was right, Andrew has about a million things to deal with at the moment.
But then he turns and looks at me, and he freezes. The air between us goes tight, and I can feel the magnetic pull between us like it’s a physical thing. I do feel like a siren, and I will him to come to me. He does.
“You look absolutely perfect,” he says.
“Thank you,” I say softly, grateful that my face is covered in paint and he can’t see the fiery blush now gracing my cheeks. I have to look away from him. “That’s nice of you.”
He shakes his head. “I know we don’t know each other well, but I never say anything I don’t mean. And I don’t think I’ve ever said that to someone before.” I lock eyes with him again and it feels like an electric eternity. He turns away quickly, breaking the moment. “Come with me.”
I follow him into the main gallery, and I practically blend into it between the lights and the artwork. In the center of the room there’s a low, oval platform. The lights play across the platform with a texture that makes it look like it’s underwater. “You will be here,” he says. “Lay down.”
I raise an eyebrow, but I do. Then he’s kneeling next to me, positioning me. “Start like this.” He pulls my arms above my head, and the way his skin feels on mine is electric. Fingers brush my knee. “One up.” If I’m not mistaken, his breath is a little short. Then his hand slides under my back and brushes my skin. “Arch as high as you can.”
The position stretches the suit, and I can feel that I’m inches away from being indecent, but I also feel sexy. Andrew is leaning over me, looking down, and I see him glance at my lips. Oh god, I want him to kiss me even though I shouldn’t. I want to pull him down on top of me right here in the middle of the gallery. Focus, Delia. “You mentioned choreography?”
“I did,” he leans closer, and I can smell the subtle, spicy cologne on his skin. I let my back sink back to the floor as he stares at me. “The choreography is simply this: ecstasy.”
“Like the drug?”
He laughs, and it echoes through the room. “No. Like sex. All of the models will be moving in slow motion, like they’re underwater. You just happen to be having the best orgasm of your life while you’re down there.”
I laugh softly. “So I am a siren. I wondered.”
“You certainly are.” I can tell he’s not joking.
Meeting his eyes, I arch my back again. “If I am, is it working? Because I can think of a few things that would get me in the mood to pretend I’m having the best sex of my life.”
Andrew’s eyes go dark, and his hand drifts down my waist grazing skin and fabric. Just as he reaches my hip, he pulls away suddenly, like he remembered where he was. He meets my gaze again. “Nothing is too far,” he says. “As long as it’s slow. If you want to touch yourself do it, if you want to moan, make whoever’s watching you feel your pleasure.”
I take a long, slow breath, making sure he takes note of the way my chest rises towards him. “Will you be watching?”
He’s silent for a long moment, and then. “I don’t think I could ever look away.”











6




It’s another thirty minutes before the gallery opens, and I spend that time trying not to ruin my make-up, and trying to go through in my head just how I’m going to pretend to have sex and orgasms for as long as this gallery is open. I keep seeing Andrew rush around, seeing to last minute details, and every time I do, I feel his hand run down my skin. I love the fact that he forgot himself, that I could make him do that. I want to see him forget himself a little more.
Five minutes before the doors open, I’m lying on the little platform. All around me are other models. Some are standing in the middle of the gallery, others are slouched against the wall by some of the gorgeous paintings. But Andrew didn’t lie—I’m clearly in the center of it.
Andrew and a woman who I assume must be Heather walk toward the front doors, and May snaps all of us to attention. I put myself in the position Andrew chose, arching my back to the point of pain as I hear the outside doors open and the waiting crowd starts to enter. It’s a launch, so the people invited are all from the fashion world. There won’t be just anybody walking in who thinks they can touch the models. That’s a relief.
I hear the gasps from the crowd as they walk into the room. It is a beautiful sight. And as the music starts to flow, I start to move. It’s awkward, trying to move my body in slow motion, and how on earth am I supposed to pretend that I’m having sex?
A person pauses beside me, and I feel myself blush. This is ridiculous. Someone is watching me writhe on the floor. I don’t know why I thought that this wouldn’t me humiliating. I know my movements are awkward and jerky. Not what Andrew wants. Not what he described, and I feel the heat in my cheeks grow. Thank god I’m painted blue and no one will notice what a red mess I am at the moment.
Slowly turning my head, I look toward the door. Andrew is there greeting people, but as if I called his name, he looks right at me. That pull between us snaps into place, and I feel it. I feel how to move. I imagine that the arch in my body is arching up into him. That the way I spread my legs and close my eyes is so that he can taste me. Slowly, slowly, I let my mind linger on images of his tongue inside me, fingers gripping my thighs until they shake and I’m moaning his name. A real moan comes from my throat and I bite my lip. He said nothing was too far, but that moan is just for him. I don’t want to share it with the rest of the audience.
And audience there is. They mill around, watching the performances and commenting on the clothing and art. I hear Andrew’s voice weaving through the crowd, talking and selling and making small talk. I focus on the sound when I can’t see him, let that voice weave through my head so I can feel that hand on my skin again. Imagine that he’s sliding inside me. That his head has dropped close enough to mine to kiss me while he plunges deep inside, taking me slowly until I’m screaming. I shiver, the images too real.
God, I’m aroused right now. The temptation to reach down and touch myself is so strong, but I don’t. Because it’s all for him. I’ll give this audience what they want. I’ll give them a siren’s ecstasy, but my pleasure, that’s all mine.
I feel it when he comes and stands next to the platform. I’m blinded by the lights above me but I know that it’s him. I put every ounce of passion that I’ve been imagining into my face, into the way my body strains in the slow motion. The way I subtly reach for him.
It’s a long time before he moves on, and I wish I could have seen his expression. Or maybe I don’t. If it’s not what I hope, then maybe I don’t want to know.
When the last person has left the gallery, I collapse in a heap on the platform. Every muscle in my body hurts and the pent up sexual energy I have has me craving sex or chocolate. Okay, really only sex, but since I don’t think it’s an option, I’ll settle for chocolate.
I grab some water and change into the clothes I brought with me. No chance I’m getting this make-up off until I get in the shower, so I don’t even try. But I need to see Andrew. I need to at least ask him what he thought, and see if I can tell if he can feel what I’m feeling. It’s impossible that he didn’t, right?
I spot him across the room, and head towards him where he’s in conversation with someone. He spots me coming and excuses himself before I get there, and I arrive where he was standing just as he’s disappearing around the corner. I follow him into the main room of the gallery where he’s speaking to May. Again he sees me coming and leaves. This time I don’t follow. It stings after what happened before the show. After what I felt was obvious between us.
May approaches me. “He doesn’t.”
“What?”
“He doesn’t anything with people who work for him. No matter what he feels, he is a professional first. So if you’re looking for that from him, don’t expect it.”
I shake my head. “I wasn’t.” It comes out too defensive, and I know it. “I mostly wanted feedback on my performance, but he seems to be avoiding me.”
She smiles kindly at me. “He thought your performance was lovely. I’m sure he’ll tell you himself when you see him next. He’s just left to go home.”
“Oh, okay.” I try to ignore the stab of disappointment in my chest. “Thanks, May.”
“He’ll have something more for you soon, so I’ll be in touch after the weekend, all right?”
“Sure.”
On the way home I find the biggest chocolate bar I can find, and even that isn’t enough. But it isn’t like we even know each other that well. He’s my boss. We’ve never dated; there are no promises. Do I really have a right to get upset with someone over something they never offered? No. But it sucks all the same and I’m going to make sure I get some action, even if it’s solo. When I get home I relive the evening, this time with a vibrator. I recreate those phantom images of Andrew making me come, of him fucking me until there’s too much pleasure, and I don’t stop until I’m exhausted and tumble into sleep.











7




Videos of my ecstasy performance are all over the internet, and even I have to admit that it looks amazing. From the outside, the entire cast of models looks like slow-moving otherworldly creatures. And even though it’s sexy, it doesn’t look like we’re all imagining orgasms. I was afraid that it would look the way it felt, and the way it felt is not exactly something that I want on the internet. Even though the way it felt has provided more than enough inspiration to fill my orgasm quota.
It’s only been a few days since the event, and every muscle in my body still aches from the strain. I’m glad that I haven’t heard from May yet. As much as I like this job, and the absurdly large direct deposit that came right after the show, if everything I do for Andrew is going to be that intense, I’m going to need to rest my body.
Knocking on the door of the Blind Scorpion, Fleece appears to let me in. “I swear that you live here now,” I tell her. The bar is closed since it’s only noon.
“I swear, I feel like it lately.”
“When is Barbara coming back?”
A loud voice calls from the storeroom. “I’m here. Don’t worry, I’m not dead yet.”
Fleece rolls her eyes. “Of course not.”
Barbara sweeps out of the back room in all her glory. A woman in her sixties whose very essence screams ‘New York.’ She’s carrying a bottle of whiskey and a bottle of vodka to replenish the stock behind the bar. “How you doin,’ Delia?”
“Good. Feeling better?”
“Oh, you know,” she grins, “five days of pulling my guts up. Will teach me to eat street tacos with a cold. It’s a deadly combination.”
I laugh even though that sounds awful. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
My phone chimes and I pull it out to see a text message from May. An invitation. “Hey,” I say to Fleece, and toss her the phone. “Want to go?”
She reads the message out loud: “Delia, Mr. Xellum wanted me to extend an invitation for you and whoever you’d like to bring to the Whitman & Crown party tonight. It is, in part, a celebration of them picking up the new swimsuit line. Let me know if you’d like to attend and any guests. If you stop by the studio beforehand, we’ll provide styling as well.” She looks at me, her mouth open. “This is one of the biggest parties of the year.”
“You should go,” Barbara says from behind the bar. “Lord knows you’ve earned a night off.”
“Sure you’ll be okay?”
The look on Barbara’s face is priceless. “Baby, I’ve been runnin’ this bar by myself since before you could walk. Of course I’ll be okay. Go have fun.”
Fleece tosses me back the phone, and there’s a sparkle in her eye that from experience I know means trouble. “Looks like we’re going to a party.”
* * *
Styling is an understatement. Fleece and I are made over from head to toe, and Fleece gets a choice of gowns to wear. I, on the other hand, had something left for me. There’s a note pinned to the neckline of the dress. It just has a few words.

The whole damn fire.

The dress itself is stunning. Exactly the same gauzy cut as the one I walked in in for my first audition, this one is all flame. The top is a deep maroon that fades into orange, red, white, and the deepest blue as it falls into the skirt. I remember the way this dress works, and I take off everything, so it’s just me and the dress. The back swoops low, and this version of the dress feels even better than the first one did.
Andrew must have spoken to Trish before he left because the make-up and hair perfectly complements the look, turning my eyes smoky and dark, and sweeping my hair back into a messy low knot. A pair of bright red heels completes the look. And looking in the mirror, I do look like the whole damn fire.
Fleece whistles when she sees me. “Damn, girl.”
I fight to suppress a giggle. “I guess it pays to be someone’s muse?”
“I’ll say.”
Fleece has chosen a daring green dress with a skirt that splits nearly to her hip, and sleeves that drape gracefully off her shoulders. She looks magical. I’m about to tell her so when May pops her head in. “Your car is here, ladies.”
“We have a car?”
“Of course,” she says. “We can’t have you showing up in Mr. Xellum’s designs walking from the subway or in a yellow cab.”
It seems almost strange, how my life has changed in less than a month. I was broke and about to be evicted, and now I’m working for one of the most famous designers in the world. “This is crazy.”
“A little,” May says, her eyes crinkling at the corners as she smiles. “But a good kind of crazy, I hope.”
“Definitely,” Fleece says, grabbing my arm and pulling me toward the door.
I twist around to wave. “See you later, May!”
We pile into the big black car waiting outside, breathless and giggling. I feel like Cinderella going to the ball, only better because I know that this won’t evaporate at midnight.
“So,” Fleece says, giving me a look. “What are you going to do tonight?”
“I’m going to drink and dance, but I’m assuming from that look that’s not what you’re talking about?”
She shakes her head. “No. I mean about Andrew.” She mouths the last two words.
I shrug, swimming in my own imagined fantasies and trying to resist the sting of disappointment that they won’t become real. “What can I do? He doesn’t want me that way.”
Fleece snorts. “My ass. He dressed you like that.”
“I have to be dressed well,” I say, “he knows people will be watching me because of the shows.” I lower my breath so that the driver can’t hear. “I practically threw myself at him during the last show, and afterwards he avoided me. So clearly, that is going to be that.”
The look on her face says that she still doesn’t believe me, but she doesn’t argue. The car pulls up to a gorgeous building in midtown, and there’s a huge crowd of people outside. Along with a real-life red carpet. “Oh shit.”
“You didn’t realize this would be part of it, did you?” Fleece is trying to hold in her laughter.
“Don’t mock me,” I say, even though I’m smiling.
She grabs my hand. “I would never. But you are adorable. Just a few poses and they’ll let you go. Come on.”
The flashes when I exit the car are blinding. Shouts of my name and questions that range from the most innocent of ‘what’s your favorite color?’ to racier things like ‘do you like to be on top?’ echo around me as I walk toward the entrance. I follow Fleece as she breezes down the carpet, and follow her lead. I stop, pose for the cameras, even though I don’t really have a clue what I’m doing. For the hundredth time in the last month, I ask myself what the hell I’m doing here. The photographers seem happy though, so I must be doing something right.
It takes longer than I expect to make it all the way down the carpet, but I do, and Fleece is waiting for me. She loops her arm through mine, and together we walk into what I think must be a wonderland.











8




Never in my life have I seen anything like this. There’s not one theme, there’s ten, or so it seems. The only thing that connects everything is ‘excess.’ In the main room, fabric cascades from the walls like a circus tent and aerialists swirl above our heads. Lights pulse and the bass of music thrums through my chest. Another room looks like it landed from the future, metal and chrome and what seems like a thousand computer screens playing different music videos and fashion ads. Everywhere I look there’s glitz and glitter, drinks, and people in gorgeous clothes. It’s more than overwhelming.
Fleece, however, is totally in her element. She’s chatting with people she knows, model friends and people she’s met on jobs. It’s really too bad that Andrew generally doesn’t hire models with her look because this feels like it was meant for her, not me.
A hand lands gently on my shoulder and I jump, turning to find Andrew behind me. “Mr. Xellum,” I say. Damn. He looks hot all the time, but just the sight sends a thrill through my body. He’s wearing an absolutely incredible suit, dark fabric with a sheen of color that seems to match the fiery colors in my dress, though the lights make it hard to tell. His shirt is definitely the same dark maroon, and I realize he’s the dark flame to my bright one. The shadow behind it. It’s a perfect statement for designer and muse, and I wonder who here will notice. The suit shows off his body perfectly, broad shoulders and trim waist. God, I want to see what’s underneath that fabric.
The lights highlight the planes of his face, making him more angular. Striking. I’m suddenly finding it hard to breathe, and realize that I’m just standing there staring.
He smiles, and it’s not that little one that he seems to always be wearing. This one is genuine. “You can call me Andrew,” he says. “We’re going to be working together enough. Besides, Mr. Xellum feels too formal.”
I smile back at him, “Okay, Andrew.” At least now I don’t have to keep biting my tongue before saying his name. “Thank you for the dress.”
“You don’t have to thank me. Dressing you is a pleasure.” I blush, and look away, but he reaches out to stop me. “That embarrasses you?”
“Not really…I’m just not used to people saying things like that to me.”
Andrew grabs a drink off a passing waiter’s tray and presses it into my hand. “You should be. You’re beautiful, and more than that you’re smart and talented. People should be making a big deal out of you.”
“Thank you,” I say, blushing. “For what it’s worth, I’ve really enjoyed working with you. It’s strange, and I’m not sure how good I am at yet, but it’s better than I ever expected.”
“Well,” Andrew says, “I’m glad. It’s been awhile since working with someone has felt this…natural, so I know what you mean.”
“Tell me something about you,” I say spontaneously. “Something that has nothing to do with fashion.”
His voice is deadpan. “I’m allergic to peanuts.”
“I’m serious,” I say. “I feel like you know everything about me, but you’re still this mysterious handsome fashion mogul.”
A raised eyebrow. “Handsome.”
“Of course that’s what you would pick up on,” I roll my eyes.
“Something that has nothing to do with fashion,” he says, like he’s rolling the question over in his mind. “I love to travel.” His voice is as soft as it can be in this party and still have me hear him. “And not the kind of ‘let’s fly on a first class jet and go on red carpets’ travel that people probably think of when they think of me. I like to walk. Take trains. Find hidden little places off the beaten path that make for a good story later. I never get to do that now.”
A small smile creeps up on my face, “That was perfect. But why don’t you get to go? If you want to, do it.”
“Honestly, it just seems like I never have the time. There’s one opportunity and then the next and everyone is asking for more. Before you know it, a year goes by.”
I reach out and touch his hand on instinct, and I get a jolt of electricity from his skin. “If you want to go, you should make the time.”
“You’re right,” he says. “I should.”
He’s leans closer, and I know it’s so that we can hear each other in the crowded room, but my heart rate speeds up, and my body remembers the pleasure I’ve given it while imagining him. Muscle memory is a thing. Is pleasure memory a thing, because the way I’m wet between my legs seems to say that it is.
“And for the record,” he says, “I don’t know everything about you, but I’m very excited to learn.” My breath catches as he continues. “Your turn to tell me something.”
“I don’t have anything glamorous like that.”
Andrew chuckles. “It doesn’t have to be glamorous.”
I shake my head, words barely coming.
“I just never thought this would be me,” I say. “I never wanted to be a model. A month ago I worked in a department store.”
His mouth curls up into a half-smile. “What did you want to be, then?”
“I hadn’t really figured it out yet.”
Andrew puts a finger under my chin and lifts it so that our eyes meet. “When we first met I told you I liked honesty. But what you just told me isn’t the truth. What’s the truth?”
A flash of pain and memory go through me, but I plaster on a smile. “It’s not a story for a party like this. And I’m sure you’ll hear it some day since we’re going to be working together.”
He searches my eyes, and I’m not sure what he’s looking for, but he seems to find it. He drops his hand from my chin to my shoulder, his thumb tracing absent circles on my skin. I take a deep breath, trying to control my heart and I get a hint of cologne that only makes things worse. What is he doing to me?
I’ve had a handful of boyfriends and one-night-stands in my life, but nothing has ever affected me as viscerally as Andrew’s looks or touches. This is only a touch on the shoulder. What on earth would happen if that hand went elsewhere? I shudder, and his thumb stops moving. He’s looking at me, and that hungry look from the audition is back. “Dance with me,” I breathe. It’s barely loud enough for him to hear over the music, but he does. I can see the words surprise him.
He’s opening his mouth to answer me when a loud, drunken shout comes from behind him. “Xellum! My man, how are you?”
Just like that the spell is broken and whatever moment we were trapped in together is gone. Andrew’s hand drops from my skin, and I feel it’s echo like a brand. It’s probably for the best. He was probably about to say no, that he can’t dance with me, that we can’t do this. I’d rather be interrupted than actually hear him say that.
I knock back the champagne he handed me, and walk away while his back is turned, talking to the man who called his name. I find Fleece at the bar near the dance floor, already buzzed and giggly with another model friend of hers. She throws her arms around me as I appear. “Delia! My friend. The woman of the hour!” She raises her glass. “I love you, you know that?”
I laugh. “How much have you had already?”
“Just a couple, but they make good drinks here. I would know.”
“Yes, you would,” I say, grabbing what’s left of her drink and finishing it. “Want to dance it off with me?”
She jumps up off her stool and nearly trips. “I’ll dance it off and then I’ll have more!”
I pull her with me through the party into a room that looks like it’s entirely made of stars and is the center of the dancing. “I’m certainly not going to tell a bartender how much she can drink.”
“Damn right!” Fleece raises her hands above her head and lets the music take her, and I follow suit. The lights and the music, it’s all perfect. I dance with Fleece as the alcohol starts to go to my head and I feel really good. I really didn’t think that this would be my life, but right now I’m not complaining. I spin around with Fleece, arm in arm, laughing as we dance. I can’t remember the last time I felt this carefree.
The song changes to something just a little slower, the beat moves through the room and makes it seem a little darker. A handsome man takes Fleece’s hand and then they’re dancing together, moving together like they’re one. Fleece has always been a good dancer.
I dance on my own, I don’t need to be swept of my feet or attached at the hip to have a good time at this party. A hand touches the small of my back, and I turn to decline the dance when my mouth goes dry. It’s Andrew. “I believe,” he says, “that we were interrupted.”
I let him pull me closer, so our bodies are pressed together as he leads. “We were,” I say. “But I thought you were going to say no.”
“Why would you think that?” His hand strokes his hand down my back, fingers resting right where the fabric meets my skin, so close to skimming under my dress. That same arousal I felt earlier roars back to life, and I press closer to him, doing some roaming of my own. I can feel the body that his clothes are hiding, and just the thought of what it might look like has my mouth watering.
Andrew Xellum is notoriously private when it comes to his own life. I couldn’t find any shirtless pictures of him anywhere, and believe me, I tried. But what I feel beneath his shirt, and what I can feel growing hard in his pants, would be well worth waiting for. His hand strokes down my back again and I get goosebumps. “You avoided me after the last show,” I say. “And I heard that you don’t do this with people who work for you.”
He moves us in circles with the music, hips locked together as we move. It’s so dark in here—the lights having faded to nothing but the starry backdrop—that I can barely see anyone else. It feels like we’re alone.
“We haven’t done anything yet,” he says, fingers teasing that line of fabric. I’m very aware that I have nothing on underneath it. I wonder now if that was intentional.
Tilting my face up towards his, I try to see his face in the dim light as he spins us together. “Yet?”
I say it like it’s a joke, and yet I know I have way too much riding on his answer. He doesn’t brush it off, and doesn’t laugh. He meets my eyes, that fiery heat rising through me as he stares. “Yet.”
The music changes again, faster and more urgent. I dare to ask the question, “Would you like to do something?”
Andrew spins me so my back is pressed against his chest, his arms holding me against him while we dance, hips and bodies in time with the music, and now his lips are at my ear. “You have no idea the kind of things I want to do.”
He slips his hand in the side of my dress, and I gasp. Blood rushes to my face as his hand strokes across my stomach, lifts to cup my breasts. “I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you since that night. You were absolutely everything, and it took everything in me not to fuck you right there in the middle of that gallery.”
“I would have let you,” I moan.
His chuckle makes me shiver. “I know. That’s why I had to leave. I couldn’t do it. I knew I wouldn’t be able to control myself if I were near you.”
His hand drops, teasing a little bit lower. “What changed?” I manage to ask. I can’t even think while his hands are on me.
“I’m tired of fighting it.”
I try to laugh, but it comes out as a moan. “Thank god.”
Andrew’s voice drops even lower. “I saw you that night. I saw how everything turned you on. You were in the middle of a room crowded with people and you didn’t care. You like to be watched.”
Heat rises to my cheeks and I shake my head. “No, not by everyone. Just you.”
“Is that so? Because I think you love it. I think that the idea of being caught with my hand inside your dress excites you.”
My eyes flutter closed, and I try to protest, but I can’t because he’s right. The idea that someone—anyone—in this crowd of dancers can see what he’s doing to me turns me on. “You’re already wet, aren’t you?” he whispers, not waiting for an answer he already knows. “You would have let me take you in the middle of that gallery. And now?”
I arch my back against him, “Please.” It comes out like a prayer, begging him to just give me this, even if there’s nothing else. I need to know what it feels like to have him touch me.
His hand slides further down my stomach, and I shudder. His hand is getting closer to where I want it, to where I need it. Andrew needs it too. I can feel how hard he is behind me, his hips pressing against my ass while we dance.
“You think I didn’t think about this when I gave you this dress to wear?” he asks, voice in my ear. “Because I did.” His hand slips lower, fingers dipping between my legs, teasing and searching. I thought about what it might be like to touch you, to feel that fire.” A finger slips inside me, and I bite my lip to keep from moaning. I close my eyes and let my head fall back against his shoulder like I’m enjoying the dance. But god it’s so much more than that. His finger is deep inside me. Andrew strokes his thumb across my clit. His whole hand moves, pressing against me and into me again and again, and I’m so wet that it’s dripping down my legs. How many nights have I thought about this? How many times have I done exactly what his hand is doing and wishing it were him?
“I’ve never done anything like this,” I breathe.
“What?” I can hear the smirk in his voice. “Danced?”
“Yes I’ve danced…” He moves his hand and my words run dry. Pleasure ripples through my body, and I can’t even take a breath. “I’ve never…”
He smiles against my skin, “Come in the middle of a crowded room.”
“I’m not going to do that.”
Andrew laughs, dark and sensual, “Oh, yes you are. And you’re going to fucking love it.” He slips a second finger inside me, and my knees buckle. The only thing keeping me standing is his arm around my waist and his fingers in my pussy. I’m not even dancing now, just standing pressed against Andrew, and no one has noticed. But they could. This dress is to thin not to see that his hand is inside it. Not to see the way his arm is moving, fucking me, grinding his palm against my clit.
It’s everything I wanted it to be. More. Pleasure coils in my gut, and spills over into my veins. I’m so close, I can feel it, and Andrew doesn’t slow down. He pumps his fingers into me, curling them deeper, hitting my G-spot so I’m panting with every movement. “Oh god,” I say, and I think I might scream with the mounting pleasure. If I scream everyone will know what’s happening and I’m not sure if I want to hide or if I want everyone to see and oh god this feels so good I can’t hold on.
Andrew growls in my ear. “Come. I want to feel you come on my hand. I want it dripping down your legs in the middle of all these people.”
His words send me over the edge and my body goes rigid with the orgasm. Fiery pleasure rips its way through me, and I bite my cheek to keep my voice inside. He keeps fucking me, letting my orgasm pour over his hand and down my legs and onto the floor. My body is covered in tiny spasms and aftershocks, each one caused by the way he keeps teasing my pussy. A stroke, a brush across my clit.
I try to gain control of my breathing. “I think it’s safe to say we’ve done something now.”
He chuckles, his tone low and full of promise. “Want to do some more?”











9




We crash into the small room off the club together, and before the door is even closed, Andrew’s mouth is on mine. I can feel him everywhere, his kiss running through my entire body, and even though he just gave me the best orgasm of my entire life, I want more.
“It’s my turn,” he says. “I’ve never done this before.”
It’s too easy. I smirk up at him, “What, sex?”
He laughs, loud in the small closet we’ve shoved ourselves into. “No, you were right before. I’ve never crossed this line with anyone that’s worked with me. I’ve never wanted to. But now…”
“Are you saying that I’m special?”
He presses me against the wall, his body on mine, and kisses me hard. I feel all that hunger pour into me in this kiss. “You’re more than special. You’re everything.”
This time I’m the one kissing him. I’m pulling at his suit because I want it off. I want him closer to me. I want all of him the way I’ve wanted him since that very first day. My hands find his belt, and I manage to get it undone while we’re still kissing. I reach inside his pants and feel him, hot and hard and long, and he groans into my mouth. “I want to see you,” I say. “All of you.”
“You will,” he promises as he rolls on a condom. “Later.”
He grabs the skirt of my dress and hikes it up around my waist, and then he’s lifting me and sliding in and oh god he’s so big and it feels so perfect. The rough cement of the club wall digs into my back as he starts to move inside me, strokes fast and desperate. He wants me just as I much as I want him, and even though I want more of him, I need this. This release of everything that’s built up between us for the last month. Long looks and pretending to come and my endless nights with my vibrator.
The vibrator will never compare to the real thing.
I wrap my legs around his waist as he fucks me breathless. I can’t speak, I can’t moan, only feel. The way he’s stretching me open as he presses deeper into me, his face buried in my neck. He’s never slept with one of his models before. I’m the first. The only one he’s wanted like this.
The thought runs through me to the core, and the realization rockets through me, spiking my arousal even higher. He’s risking his reputation to be with me, and he doesn’t care.
Andrew’s hands dig into my ass, pulling me against him as he thrusts, and his cock hits that spot deep inside me that sends off sparks and makes me see rainbows. He doesn’t stop, pounding steadily into me, and I come again. This time I do cry out. I say his name and yes and please more, and he gives it to me, fucking me into the wall as he comes too.
Neither of us moves, frozen in the moment with each other, simply breathing. “I don’t want to move,” I say.
“I do and I don’t,” he says, giving me a smile. “I want to stay buried inside you forever, and I want to take you home and memorize your body with my mouth.”
My breath goes short and my fingers tighten on his shoulders. “I changed my mind,” I say. “Let’s do that.”
He chuckles. “Your friend won’t worry?”
“Are you kidding?” I roll my eyes. “She’ll throw us a fucking parade.”
He laughs, taking my hand and pulling me toward the back entrance.
* * *
Andrew’s apartment is predictably gorgeous. A downtown apartment overlooking the High Line with clean lines and a truly impressive number of windows. I can’t imagine how much it would cost to live here, but I’m going to enjoy it.
“Welcome,” Andrew says, ushering me inside. “Make yourself at home.”
Now that we’ve gotten the frenzy out of the way, there’s an ease between us. We’re going to fuck again, and I will make him keep that promise about his mouth, but there’s no rush now. We both know that we’ll get there.
He takes his jacket off and hangs it up, and steps into the kitchen. “Do you want something to drink?” he asks.
“Just water, thanks.” I peek my head into rooms, the apartment is spacious, and I have the urge to continue exploring until I poke my head into what is clearly his workspace. The entire room is covered in piles of fabric, swatches pinned to giant fabric boards on the walls. There are a couple of mannequins with finished designs and piles of sketches. It’s a huge contrast to what I’ve seen in his studio and the rest of the apartment. The creative frenzy and mess doesn’t even seem like him, yet here it is.
I wander closer to the pile of sketches and start to sift through them. It’s the beginning of the fall collection. Chunky off-the-shoulder sweaters, gorgeous trousers and dresses you can wear with boots and leggings. That classic fall aesthetic crossed with his own individual flare.
Andrew appears at my shoulder with a glass of water. “Do you like them?”
“I really do, not that my opinion matters.”
He turns me to face him. “Of course it matters. I hope that you’ll be wearing them, so I want your opinion. Also,” he says, giving me a stern look, “never sell yourself short. Your opinion should always matter. If it doesn’t, you’re in the wrong place.”
I duck my head at the sudden burst of emotion that surges through me at those words. “We barely know each other; you can’t know that.”
Andrew pulls me away from the sketches and into his living room where he settles us on a short couch, close enough to touch, big enough that we’re not crowded. “It might sound strange to say, but in fashion you learn to judge people quickly. People almost always reveal themselves with their clothes, even if they’re not honest. I’ve been doing this a long time, and have learned what to look for in the people I want to know better. The people I want to spend time with.” He smiles and it seems more relaxed than I’ve ever seen him. “All that to say that I saw who you were when you walked into that room, and I was blown away.”
I blush again, and he laughs. “I like it when you blush, though it’s funny that someone who has such a strong exhibitionist streak is so shy.”
“I’m not an exhibitionist,” I say, shaking my head.
He raises an eyebrow. “I’d say our experiences together show that that’s not true.”
“But it’s not them, it’s you,” I blurt out. “I was a mess in the exhibition until I saw you, felt you watching. The same at the gallery. I had no idea what I was doing, and then you were there and suddenly…you being the audience made everything make sense. I don’t care if people see me—only if you see me.” My blush deepens and I’m suddenly afraid of that admission which seems too deep and intimate despite the fact that we just had sex.
He reaches out, fingers brushing along my skin to cup the back of my neck. “And what if I had decided that I did want to fuck you in the middle of that gallery, in front of anyone. How would you have felt?”
“At that point, I honestly don’t think I would have cared.”
Andrew pulls me closer, a wicked grin on his face. “And tonight at the club? You’re going to tell me that it was only me touching you that was turning you on? Not the fact that we could be caught—could be seen—at any moment?”
I swallow, taking a breath. When I was close to coming I do remember those thoughts running through my head, that anyone could have seen his hand in my dress. I wanted them to see. “Oh my god,” I breathe.
Andrew chuckles and closes the distance between us to kiss me softly. “There’s nothing wrong with it. In case you haven’t noticed, I have a little flare for drama.” That makes me laugh. “And even though I would never let anyone touch you, I don’t mind if they watch.”
His hand slides up my thigh, under the fabric of the dress and higher. “In fact, I think you might like it.”
“I don’t know.”
His hands keep traveling upward and he lifts the dress over my head in one swift mention. “I bet I can convince you.”
My breath is shallow, heart pounding. “I have no doubt that you could.” I glance down as he runs his fingers between my breasts. “You’ve already seen almost all of me.”
“Seeing,” he says, smirk wicked, “and experiencing, are not the same thing. I believe the way I convinced you to leave the club was a certain promise involving my mouth. Another thing you should know about me—along with being honest, I always keep my promises.”
I let out a moan as his lips touch my neck, tongue exploring. He lays me back on the couch and shows me just how thoroughly he plans to keep his promise. His mouth is everywhere: in the hollow of my throat and across my collarbone. Sucking on the skin of my breasts and teasing me until my nipples are harder than they’ve ever been. His tongue follows the line of my stomach and the curves of my hips, fingers following, almost tickling but not quite. Everything is sensation and I can’t keep my eyes open as he works his way lower, past where I expect him to stop down to my thighs where he continues to explore.
I honestly never knew how sensitive thighs could be. His mouth kisses my legs open, nipping the skin and sending ripples to my already sensitive pussy. It’s been a while since I’ve had sex, let alone multiple times in one night. His hands smooth over my hips, gently opening me further, and I hold my breath as I feel him move closer. But he’s taking his time, moving around, a bite here and a soft lick there.
Finally, the barest touch of his tongue on my clit. I moan, back arching, I want more of him, all of him. He doesn’t give it to me, he goes in slow motion, almost emulating my vision at the gallery. Every inch of my pussy is touched by him, and I can’t even breathe. Sinking my hands into his hair, I pull him closer, showing him what I need. This time he obliges, moving faster, plunging his tongue deep inside me, moving across me in long strokes.
I’m so close that I’m panting his name, digging my fingers deep into his hair, lifting my hips to meet his mouth. Andrew’s hands are hard on my hips as he holds me still, plunging deeper, and I can’t hold on any longer. Pleasure explodes through me, and I cry out as I come. I’m shaking with the orgasm, unable to see or think in the cloud of sheer pleasure. There’s nothing in the universe except for Andrew’s mouth on me. It’s too good. Better than I ever imagined it would be, and as I come down from the high, I can barely catch my breath.
“Shit,” I say, and Andrew chuckles.
He crawls up my body, and I love the sight of him above me. “Did I keep my promise?”
“One of them,” I say, reaching for the buttons on his shirt. “You’ve seen all of me. I think it’s my turn.”
A mischievous light dances in his eyes, “What do you want? Do you want to undress me? Or do you want me to undress for you?”
I slide my hand down his chest, feeling the muscles underneath the fabric. “Show me,” I breathe.
Andrew takes time to kiss me first, so deep that I’m lightheaded before he stands, his hands going to the buttons of his shirt. The smirk on his face is sexy as he undoes them, one by one, revealing a chest that could easily be in any fashion campaign. “Like what you see?”
I return his smirk. “Show me more.”
It is impossible that this is my life. With a playful smile on his face, Andrew undoes the buttons on his pants.
“Why aren’t you the model again?” He could model for any brand he wanted. Hell, he could be a nude model for art students and half the room would faint with desire. His pants fall, revealing slim hips complete with that V I find so sexy, and virtually perfect legs. Not to mention his cock, hard and thick, making my mouth go dry with the possibility of feeling that again.
He raises an eyebrow. “People already think I’m arrogant enough. I don’t think that modeling my own clothes would help that any.”
I can’t say anything because I’m too busy memorizing him. He’s perfect and I’m so glad he crossed this line—missing this view would be a goddamn tragedy. He approaches me again, that playful smile reappearing. “Now do you like what you see?”
Reaching out to touch him, I watch the muscles in his stomach jump and the way his jaw clenches. I smirk. “It’ll do. I think I can work with this.”
“Oh really,” he says, grabbing my wrist and pulling me to my feet. “Well if you’re going to work with this, I don’t think the couch is the place to do it.”
He sweeps me off my feet, and laughter bubbles out of my chest as he carries me toward the bedroom.











10




I come awake slowly, to brightness. The walls in Andrew’s bedroom are entirely glass, electric privacy shades half drawn to allow the morning sun in. I stretch slowly, languorously, feeling the tension in my body after last night. Even the thought of that makes me smile. I’m not sure what time it is, but I’m definitely not running on much sleep. There was too much to do, too much pent up sexual tension that we worked out. Over and over. And then once more for good measure.
Rolling over in the bed, I find nothing but a mess of tangled sheets. I sit up slowly, my body still feeling heavy. I didn’t sleep much but I slept deeply. Probably the best sleep I’ve had since I started working for Andrew.
Footsteps echo in the hallway and I blink as Andrew walks in—still naked—with two steaming mugs. “Coffee?” He hands me one of the cups. I take a sip without looking and freeze. This coffee is perfect, with the exact amount of cream and sugar that I like. I glance up at him, and he smiles. “You thought I didn’t notice how you take your coffee?”
I swallow. “It’s not exactly something everyone notes.”
He puts his mug down and sits on the bed next to me. “I’ve noticed everything about you,” he says softly. “I notice the way you twist your fingers together when you’re nervous, and the fact that you like to doodle hearts and cubes on papers when you’re bored and distracted. It’s every little thing that made me realize that I couldn’t just be professional. I had to be with you.”
There’s a fuzzy feeling in my chest as he leans in to kiss me, and I don’t miss the way he makes sure to set my coffee aside before laying me back on the bed. The man can kiss. My body lights up with the way his lips press into mine. Our tongues are dancing and it reminds me of how talented he is with his tongue in other places, and suddenly I’m wet and ready again, even after last night.
“I thought we might test your shyness this morning,” he says against my lips.
“See,” I say, laughing. “You just said something so amazing and now you want to embarrass me.”
Andrew’s eyes go dark and serious. “I don’t want to embarrass you. I never want to embarrass you. But every new thing you try opens your possibilities. I don’t just think it’s me. Deep down, I think you like being watched. I think you like the idea of being caught doing something you would never normally do.”
I feel a rush of wetness in my pussy and I realize that he’s right. I do want that. My cheeks go pink and I fight the feeling of embarrassment. “Maybe it means I’m a deviant. I’m not sure that’s a good thing.”
“Why not?” Andrew’s lips brush my neck. “Maybe it means you want people to see who really are. Maybe once you accept that you love it, you’ll realize how incredibly powerful you are. You don’t just love to be watched, but because of that, you have the ability to make people watch you.” His mouth is trailing down towards my breasts, and I’m having a hard time forming coherent thoughts. “I know the moment you walked into that room I couldn’t look away.”
I groan as his mouth closes over my nipple. Maybe he’s right, maybe I’ve always known and have fought it. Maybe I’ve always been embarrassed by the idea. Maybe I should own it. His teeth graze my skin making me gasp, and I arch into him. “What kind of test did you have in mind?”
“Mmm,” he says, raising his face to look into my eyes, “Do you trust me?”
“Yes.” The answer is instantaneous.
He grins. “Then close your eyes.”
I do, and he takes my hand. He leads me off the bed and through the apartment. I’m not familiar enough with it to know exactly where he guides me, and even though I could cheat, I don’t. I do trust him. He stops me, hands taking my hips and guiding me where he wants me to stand. He’s standing behind me, and I love the heat of his skin on mine. Fingers dip into my pussy, and I lean back against him just like at the club.
“So wet already,” he says. “We haven’t even gotten to the best part.”
“If it’s anything like last night, I’m looking forward to the best part,” I say breathlessly.
Andrew chuckles, and I hear the rip of a condom wrapper and moments later the head of his cock presses against me, easing in until I’m full of him. I moan because I’m still sensitive from all the attention he’s paid me in the last twelve hours and because it feels so damn good. He takes my hands in his and presses them against glass. His breath tickles my ear as he whispers, “Open your eyes.”
Downtown Manhattan is laid out in front of me, with a spectacular view of the High Line. People are walking, jogging, even a group of people doing Tai Chi on one of the lawns. Around us, there are other high rises, close enough to see in the windows. I am utterly exposed, and my whole body has a rush of adrenaline and heat. God, he was right.
Andrew pulls out and thrusts in again. “Look at our reflection,” he says, his voice deep with lust. “Look at the way my cock is filling you up.” I can see the ghostly image reflected in the glass as he pushes into me, and I grow even wetter. “Any second,” he says, “those people can look up and see me fucking you. They can see the way I’m stretching your pretty pussy and making you scream.”
I try to laugh, planning on making a joke about the screaming, but I can’t. It’s too good. Andrew pushes me forward until I’m pinned between the glass and him, the coolness giving my skin goosebumps. “Any second, someone could see,” he says. “Do you like that?”
“God, yes.”
He chuckles. “I knew it.”
I don’t know what it is. Whether it’s the idea of someone seeing me so vulnerable or the thought that they might get turned on by watching me, imagining one of those people on the High Line looking up and seeing me fucked sends a piercing wave of arousal through me, straight to my clit, and I’m already on the edge of coming.
Andrew fucks me deeper, and I cry out. It’s like he knows exactly where to touch me because sex has never felt like this. Pleasure blooms inside my core and I go limp with it, held up by nothing but the window and Andrew’s cock. It’s a sweeping wave spiraling outward, washing over everything and making the world seem brighter. So. Good.
Andrew presses a kiss to my neck. “There wasn’t nearly enough screaming.”
“I’m not a screamer.”
“You will be,” he says, spinning me so my back is to the window.
I feel dizzy with my back to the world, like I could fall at any moment. Andrew doesn’t waste any time, instead of pushing back in, he drops to his knees, devouring me with his mouth. A second orgasm explodes through me, and my knees are on the verge of buckling. My breath is coming in huge, heaving gasps, but I don’t scream.
He smiles up at me with a wicked smile on his face. “Scream for me.”
“No,” I say, but I’m smiling back. I’m going to do my best, and so is he.
His mouth covers me again, lips closing over my clit and sucking deep. I swear I almost come again, those lips are magic. He teases me with his tongue, drawing circles and patterns, focused entirely on that little bundle of nerves. I’m so wet that he slides against me, but he drinks me in like he’s dying of thirst. I hold on until I can’t anymore, and I come, the pleasure pouring over me like a waterfall.
Andrew stands and spins me back to the window. “Let’s see if there’s anyone watching now.” He slams in to the hilt, and I bite my lip to hold back the scream I swore I wouldn’t give. His hands slide up my body as he fucks me, and every touch feels like it has echoes.
I look down towards the High Line, and there is someone watching. The Tai Chi class is breaking up, and a man is standing, watching. Arousal washes through me like wildfire and I shudder. Andrew sees the man at the same time and laughs, knowing this is just turning me on even more. “Now you have your audience,” he whispers.
He thrusts in again, and I realize that this whole time he’s been holding back. This is so much more than what I’ve felt before, even just with him. I can’t think, can’t breathe. My fingers grab at the glass of the window in attempt to hold on to something, to anchor myself, but I can’t.
Every stroke brings me closer to my next orgasm, and it’s big. I can feel it building like I can see it from far away, and it grows. The man down below has pointed us out to some of his classmates and now several people are looking up, watching.
Andrew wraps his arm around me, fingers finding my clit effortlessly, and I’m so damn close. I’m moaning now, begging him to finish me, let me come again. I’m shaking with it, right on the edge, and he doesn’t stop. Andrew pounds into me, and then his thumb comes down on my clit and I’m screaming. I’m coming, and it tears through me like a storm. I sag against the window as he continues to move, and I feel his cock jerk as he comes too.
This pleasure feels like it’s never going to end, and I would be perfectly happy if it didn’t. I sag against the window as he slows, glancing down at our audience. Everyone has moved on except for the first man, who has a smile the size of Texas on his face.
My body is shivering with aftershocks, and as Andrew pulls out of me, I suddenly feel like something’s missing. He scoops me up and carries me back to his bed, where the coffee he made us—still warm—is waiting. “Well, I guess you are a screamer,” he says when we’ve settled back into the bed.
I snort. “Maybe I’m only a screamer with you.”
“I’m just fine with that.”
I finish my coffee and am dozing when I hear Andrew pick up his cellphone and make a call. “Hi, May, I’m going to be working from home today. Just let me know if there’s anything urgent.”
“You don’t have to stay home because of me,” I say through a fog of incoming sleep after he hangs up.
Andrew pulls me closer, fitting me against his chest. “I’d much rather stay here in bed with you. And tonight, we’re going to dinner.”











11




I shouldn’t have expected anything less, but going to dinner with Andrew is way more than I imagined. He fits me in a dress that he hasn’t debuted and calls easily the fanciest car I’ve ever seen to take us to the restaurant. I raise an eyebrow when it pulls up to the curb. “Business is really that good, huh?”
He winks. “It’s been all right.”
The young man driving the car hops out, and Andrew opens the door for me, and surprises me when he actually gets into the driver’s seat. He sees my look. “I’m not really the chauffeur type.”
“There are certain advantages to having a driver you know.”
“Oh?”
I reach over and touch his arm, “You are free to do whatever you like while you’re being driven around.”
Even though his eyes are still on the street in front of us, I see the color in them deepen. “That’s an excellent point. Maybe I’ll think about that for next time.”
Andrew drives us to a restaurant in midtown called Serenity. It’s gorgeous Asian fusion, with dark and rich decor and a vibe of relaxed elegance. We’re seated immediately, and I wonder if Andrew comes here regularly, though I’m too busy taking in the little details of the restaurant to ask. Sculptures of glass flowers erupt at different points in the room, fabric twists in elegant drapes from the ceiling, and colored lights in the floor slowly rotate through the spectrum, giving the room a shifting rainbow glow.
“So,” Andrew says when we’ve settled and ordered, “you told me at the party that I’d hear the story of what you wanted to be.”
I shake my head. “You don’t want to hear that.”
He catches my hand across the table. “I do, actually.”
I huff a sigh. It’s not a story that I particularly enjoy telling, but I don’t think he’s going to let it go. “I wanted to be an interior designer. I went to school for it, and I even got a job right out of college. Heidi Carson’s company.”
Andrew raises an eyebrow, and I can tell he’s impressed. Heidi runs one of the best design outfits in town.
“I was assisting her with the intent to move up to be an independent designer. I was working with her on a job, and offhand I made a suggestion, a small edit to one of her designs. The client loved it and wanted it implemented in more of the house.”
I swallow, pushing down the familiar ache in my chest. “The next day Heidi called me into her office and fired me. She said that I wasn’t ever supposed to make suggestions like that in front of a client, and that since I wasn’t a full designer yet my opinion didn’t count. That I made her look like a fool because she wasn’t the one that suggested what the client really loved. I tried to find another job after that, but no one would take me. I didn’t have a choice but to find another job. So three years and countless retail jobs later, here we are.”
I look down at the table, taking a breath. There are more details to that story, the countless interviews that I got based on my portfolio and credentials, and the pained look on the interviewers faces when they got a well-timed phone call. No one wants to cross someone that big in the business, and they had no loyalty to a twenty-something nobody. But I don’t want to relive all of that by dragging out the story longer than it needs to be. I told him the high points.
Andrew folds his hands together on the table, and he looks troubled. “So that’s why you said your opinion didn’t matter yesterday.”
Lifting my shoulders in a shrug, I carefully avoid his gaze.
“Delia, look at me.”
It takes me a second, but I do.
“Your opinion one-hundred-percent matters. Heidi was clearly threatened by what you did, and reacted very badly. But that has no bearing on whether what you say has value. It does.”
“Thanks,” I mumble. Rationally, I know what he says is true, but it’s hard to erase that ringing voice in my head that’s saying that I don’t matter.
“I’ve used Heidi and her company before. That won’t happen again.”
Our food arrives, and it’s the perfect distraction. There’s a little glowing spark in my stomach from his words and his promise not to engage Heidi again, but I don’t want to talk about Heidi or my issues, not when we’ve been having such a good time. I see my opening. “Do you have an idea for your next show?”
Andrew’s eyes light up, and he starts to speak. I don’t wonder why everyone loves him and wants to be involved with him and work with him. The passionate way he speaks about everything—especially his work—is contagious. “I have a few ideas for that fall collection. But I was thinking about doing a special show before that to advertise some of the stuff we already have, and of course, for the publicity.”
“What are you thinking?”
He tilts his head. “I want to use the gallery again, I think. It’s a great space and really flexible. As for theme, I’m thinking something royal and exotic. A good transition between summer and fall because of jewel tones.”
“That could be fun,” I say.
“Or maybe I just want to put diamonds all over your body and make you sparkle.”
Arousal sparks low in my belly, and my mouth goes dry. “How would that fit the theme of royalty?”
“You’d be the queen, of course.” The smirk on his face does things to me, and I’m suddenly squirming in my seat, ready to drag him back to his apartment and fuck him again. I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of that.
The rest of our meal is light and easy, trading silly ideas for the art show and flirting, each of us getting a little more turned on. No more talk of past disappointments.
It’s a perfect summer evening, and I’m enjoying the breeze as Andrew goes to get the car. The sky is a beautiful plum purple, and I can’t keep the smile off my face. I’m not sure how I got so lucky.
“You were with Andrew Xellum in there.”
I look away from the sky, blinking as a tall brunette saunters towards me. “Yes, I was.”
Her expression turns to one of disgust. “Looks like he finally found model that he thought was good enough to fuck him. Don’t worry though, you’re not special. He’ll drop you as soon as he’s bored and move onto his next ‘muse.’”
I take a step back, her words hitting like knives. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
“It doesn’t matter who I am. But you should know that you’ve made a huge mistake.”
“I don’t think I have.”
A tiny smile appears on her mouth, and it makes my stomach crawl. “You’ll see if you feel the same way tomorrow.”
And then she turns and walks away, disappearing around the corner just as Andrew pulls around with the car. I realize that my mouth is open in shock, and I feel a little numb as I get in the car. “Are you all right?” he asks.
“I don’t think so.” I tell him what just happened as he drives, and I watch his expression harden. “Do you know who it was?”
He shakes his head. “No. Like you said before—and it’s an accurate criticism—I don’t hire many blondes. As much as I try to treat all my employees well, there are always some conflicts. I’ve been doing this long enough that I have a few people who are less than friendly towards me.”
The rest of the drive is silent. I’m not sure what to say and I can see from the look on Andrew’s face that he doesn’t want to talk about it. I’d be upset to if the reverse had happened. We’re still silent as he passes the car off to the same young man, but he takes my hand as we walk into his apartment building, and once we’re inside he pulls me closer, and he makes me forget her entirely.











12




This morning it’s not the sunlight that wakes me, it’s my phone. I didn’t set an alarm, so it’s a text. I click the button to acknowledge it without opening my eyes. Then there’s another sound. And another. And another. I groan, and I feel Andrew shift behind me. He rolls over and tucks his arm around my waist, and I can feel the hard length of his cock against my ass. “Good morning,” he whispers.
“Bad morning,” I say. “I’m going to kill whoever is texting me.” Pulling my phone off the nightstand, I glance at the screen. All the texts are from Fleece. She knows I’m with Andrew. I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many exclamation points in a single text message when I told her what happened yesterday.

Have you seen this??

What the fuck is going on?

Delia, if you’re sleeping WAKE. UP.

It’s only on the one website now but it will be everywhere in a few hours.

I rub my eyes and try to ignore the way Andrew is kissing my neck while I click on the link she sent in her first text. If it’s another story about me and my racy moments, I’m fine. It’s probably just a news story about me and Andrew having dinner last night. But as the screen loads, my stomach drops. A giant black headline.

ANDREW XELLUM DROVE ME INSANE: THE DESIGNER’S FORMER MUSE TELLS ALL

I sit straight up in bed. Right below the headline is a picture of the woman from last night. “What the fuck,” I say.
“What is it?”
I pass him the phone. Now I know what she meant by seeing how I felt today. She knew that story was coming out. “Shit,” Andrew says, grabbing his phone and dialing.
He’s on the phone with May in seconds, who’s already heard the news. I pick my phone back up and read the article. I want to know what she’s saying. I know immediately that none of this is true. She’s saying that Andrew pushed her to her breaking point. That he never let her eat because he wanted her to be thinner for his shows, that he was controlling of her and her life and appearance to the point of abuse. That he kept her locked up in a house so that no one could see her unless he allowed it. The woman—Maya Hart—is someone I recognize now. She used to do what I do for Andrew in terms of modeling, and I always thought her work was brilliant. Not only that, but she has some of the world’s biggest campaigns right now. I’m surprised that I didn’t recognize her last night, but I chalk it up to the fact that I was too shocked by what she was saying.
She claims that she had to go to rehab for anorexia and get psychiatric help because he abused her. Further, she claims that any person associated with him, especially models, are in danger.
Bullshit. I’ve seen the way Andrew treats his models. He’s the ultimate professional, and I’ve never ever seen him tell anyone they were fat or that they needed to lose weight. He hasn’t locked me up or ever tried to control my everyday life. I’m not sure why she’s doing this, but it’s not true. None of it. I know it in my gut.
Andrew comes back into the room, already half-dressed and still on the phone. “Yeah, I’ll be there as soon as I can. Hold all the media requests until I get there.” He hangs up the phone and is buttoning his shirt.
“Are you all right?”
“I have to go to the studio, I need to get ahead of this.”
“Of course,” I nod. “I should go home for a little while, too. I could use some fresh clothes. But I’ll see you later?”
He kisses me briefly, though I notice he doesn’t meet my eyes. “Of course.” Grabbing his phone and a jacket he heads out the front door. I take my time getting ready. I root around in Andrew’s workshop until I find something more casual to wear that won’t have me doing the two-day walk of shame in that party dress. But I take the dress with me. No way in hell I’m letting that go.
I haven’t answered Fleece, and I know that she’s freaking out, so I decide to stop by the Blind Scorpion on the way home. The minute I walk in she’s on me, “What the hell is going on?”
I drop onto my perch at the bar, even though it’s way too early to drink anything. “Honestly, I don’t have a clue.” I fill her in on everything that happened over the last days, from the incredible sex to Maya confronting me.
“So what are you going to do?” she asks. “Are you going to break it off? Stop working for him?”
“Why on earth would I do that?”
Fleece gives me a look. “I’m not dumb. I read the article.”
“And you actually believed it?”
She has the good sense to look a little embarrassed. “Like I told you before, I’ve heard things. I wouldn’t put what she says past him.”
I shake my head. “I’ve never seen him do anything like that. And you’ve seen me? Has he tried to control my life? No.”
“That’s true…” she says, wiping down the bar with a cloth even though it’s already clean.
“I don’t know why Maya is doing this, and Andrew left too quickly for me to ask, but there’s more to this.” I grab my bag, suddenly determined to find out what’s really happening. “I’ll let you know when I find out.”
Fleece gives me a small smile. “For what it’s worth, I hope you’re right.”
* * *
It doesn’t take me long to swing by my apartment and grab the few things I need before I’m on my way to Xellum Studios. I should have made Andrew tell me exactly what this meant this morning. My phone is continuously buzzing with questions from friends and notifications of new articles surrounding it. People are asking questions about me, and whether Andrew is subjecting me to the same ‘abuse.’ He hasn’t been answering my calls. Directly to voicemail every time.
Whatever it is that Maya was trying to do, so far she’s been successful. There was an announcement that Whitman & Crown are considering dropping Andrew’s line because of the ‘revelations.’ If they drop out, other companies will too.
There’s a crowd of reporters outside the studio. Up till now, I haven’t been afraid of the press. But fighting my way through the crowd who’s shouting my name and pressing microphones into my face is scary. I finally break through and the security guard lets me inside. For a second, I just lean against the door and catch my breath. This is insane. Absolute madness.
The studio seems oddly deserted. I don’t hear the usual hum of noise that is the sewing shop and the other assistants bustling around. Upstairs is quiet too. I head down the hallway towards Andrew’s office, and I hear his voice and also May’s. I come around the corner and May is at her desk. She sees me and freezes mid-sentence on her phone call. “I’m going to have to call you back,” she says into the receiver. “Delia, he can’t see you right now.”
“I get that he’s busy, I just want to help.”
“He’s asked me not to let you in,” she says with a sympathetic smile.
A bolt of ice goes through me. “Excuse me, what?”
“I just think it might be better if you just went home.”
I straighten my shoulders, “I’m sorry, May.” I push past her and shove open the door to Matthew’s office, leaving her gaping. She follows me in and Andrew’s head snaps up as I open the door.
I put my hands on my hips and square off in front of him. “I get that this is probably one of the worst days of your life, but shutting me out of it is not going to make this better or easier for you.”
Andrew looks past me to May. “Give us a minute please, May,” he says softly. When she closes the door behind her he says, “I’m sorry.”
“What the hell is going on? And why are you trying to hide from me.”
He looks a little guilty. “A couple of reasons. I wanted to protect you from some of this. Connection to me right now only damages you. And second…” he hesitates. “I’ve said some things to you about wanting to push your boundaries and make you more than you are. I thought…I thought you might believe what they’re saying.”
I cross the room towards him. “I don’t believe them. And you don’t get to tell me that I matter and that I’m special without treating yourself the same way.” Yanking his face down to mine, I kiss him. “You’re talented and brilliant and there are tons of people who know that. Just tell me the truth about why she’s doing this.”
“I loved working with her,” he says. “She’s an excellent model, but she didn’t want to just be my model. And in the years that we worked together it was a constant onslaught of hints and suggestions that we should be together as more than just professional colleagues. I didn’t want that.” The corner of his mouth pulls up into a smile. “I didn’t want that with her. Then one day I came home to find her naked in my bed. I severed our professional relationship the next day.”
I press my forehead against his chest. “So she’s attacking you because you’re with me.” Guilt creeps up my spine. He could lose everything because of this.
“I don’t have any regrets about being with you. None.”
“Okay.”
Andrew lifts my face so that I’m looking at him. “I’m serious. This is not your fault.” He kisses me, and I allow myself to melt into him a little bit.
When we come up for air I ask him, “How bad is it?”
His expression clouds over. “Not good. People having been pulling out of meetings and stores are threatening to drop the line because of the article.”
I drop myself into one of the chairs in front of his desk. “But anyone who knows you and has worked with you knows these things aren’t true.”
“Bad press is bad press,” he shrugs. “With something out there like that, being connected to me is a liability.”
So,” I say, “they’re afraid of this article because Maya is a huge model and they don’t want to offend her, and they don’t want to lose sales by being in business with you.”
“Pretty much.”
I think for a second. “So all we have to do is get people who like you to spin the story the other way.”
“I think it’s easier said than done, but I’m open to ideas. What are you thinking?”
Smiling, I pull out my cellphone. “I’m thinking we have to move fast and you have to make me a queen,” I say as I dial. “Fleece, can you tell Barbara you have somewhere to be tonight?”











13




The gallery looks completely different from last time, but even with all the bad press, there’s a crowd waiting outside to come in. I can’t believe everything we did in the last twenty-four hours. I’m exhausted and nervous and I feel like I might throw up, but we have to do this.
Andrew comes up behind me, hands skimming my hips and lips against my neck. “Thank you for this.”
“Thank you for what you said this morning.”
He called a reporter this morning and submitted his rebuttal. A simple, short version of the story that bleeds truth because of its simplicity and confirmable details. But it was the end that took me completely off guard.

I have always prided myself on professional behavior. I have countless colleagues who could attest to it, but to ask them to put themselves at risk because of these rumors would be unfair to them. To those who know me, I hope you know that I would never behave in such a way. To those who don’t know me, you may make your own judgment.
Just recently, I did something for the first time that I would consider to be unprofessional. I crossed a line I have never crossed before. But I don’t regret it. I have found the love of my life, and if I have to live with these rumors for the rest of my life, I will. Because they don’t matter, and we know the truth.

I almost cried when I read that last paragraph, and then I kissed him. Now, he pulls me back against him, and I pull away. “Careful, you’re going to ruin the design.”
I’m completely naked, and just like he suggested at the restaurant, I’m covered in diamonds. Not real, but they look real enough.
“I look forward to removing every one of these later. Slowly.”
I laugh. “I’m looking forward to that too, but let’s do this first.”
We transformed the gallery into what looks like a royal throne room, the outside walls covered with giant photographs that we took yesterday. Andrew called in every favor he could, and his employees came and some friends, too. The photos are of the two of us in different situations, and in every one, I am a queen. I was right, Andrew is an amazing model, and even though we were frenzied, we had a good time. I want to do more of that when we have more time.
There’s a photo to match—and counteract—every accusation. A photo of me at a table of food eating a huge meal while Andrew has none. A photo of me locking him in a dungeon and throwing away the key. A photo of him sitting by my feet while I sit on a throne. Others too. It’s a strong statement, that I’m not only a queen but his queen. Something we hope will back up his words that appeared online this morning.
And then there are the final photos. Taken late last night after we kicked everyone out of the studio. Andrew worshiping the queen’s body. Pictures that are scandalous and verging on indecency, but they’re my favorite. I didn’t know that I could look like that.
And now, in a few minutes, I’m going to sit in the gallery in nothing but diamonds. We’ve agreed that Andrew shouldn’t be seen. That the work and his words should speak for themselves. That also works to my advantage, for the little addition I’ve added. Near the entrance to the gallery, a list of names. Hundreds of people who have worked with Andrew and Maya, and agreed that he is nothing like what she claimed. People willing to put their reputations on the line for him. It’s clearly labeled, and right at the front of the gallery so you can’t miss it.
“Okay,” he says. “Good luck.”
I lean up to kiss him. “We don’t need luck.”
Lounging on the throne, I hear the doors open and the drone of voices as people pour inside. I hear the shocked gasps as people see the list of names, and their impressed whispers as they enter the throne room. In the other shows I’ve done for Andrew, I’ve been moving. Not this time. I’m frozen on the throne, the diamonds on my skin scattering the light in patterns across the walls. I see cameras and microphones—the press are the first people in the door—and I hope that we’ve made a difference. I hope that this will stop the bleeding. Andrew’s reputation may never be spotless, but at least it won’t be destroyed.
People seem to like the exhibit, and as time wears on, I begin to relax. We set a limited time for this, just a couple of hours. We don’t need a huge audience, just the ones that will get the word out. There’s a commotion near the door, and I have to fight the urge to move as Maya walks in. I thought she might show up, but I was not prepared for the way anger rises up in my chest, threatening to strangle me.
Suddenly the air in the room feels tight, and the cameras and microphones are all on her as she approaches me. I meet her eyes, unsure of what she’s going to do. Unsure if I should break character.
There’s a mocking smirk on her face as she takes me in. She doesn’t speak loudly, but the whole room can hear her. “You pulled this together quickly. Did you even sleep?”
Slowly, I turn my head so I’m facing her more fully. “No, I did not. Neither did any of the other people who came to help.”
Maya’s smile falters. “No one would help that man, not after what he’s done.”
“Did you not read the sign at the entrance? There are hundreds of people willing to vouch for Andrew’s character.”
“Why are you doing this?” she asks, her eyes narrow.
I take a beat, and then look away from her. “You know why.”
She stiffens, and out of the corner of my eye, I see her face fall. Just like that, I suddenly understand what she was hoping for. She saw us together and thought that since he had suddenly slept with a model that this was her chance. She wanted to drive me away from him because she’s still in love with him. Or what she thinks is love.
“You’ll never be as good as we were,” she hisses at me.
I let a tiny smile form. “Maybe not. But we’ll be happier.”
Maya turns on her heel and storms out. Half the reporters in the room follow her outside, no doubt to question her about the exchange. There’s something in my chest that’s released. It’s over, for now. The video of our exchange will be online, and it will take the sting out of her accusations. It’s enough.
Suddenly antsy, I can barely sit still for the rest of the time that the gallery is open. As soon as the doors close and the rest of the audience leaves, I spring off the throne and run to the back room and launch myself at Andrew. “Thank you,” he says into my hair. “This was perfect. You were perfect. You have no idea how hot that was.”
“I may have an idea,” I say, pulling him further into the depths of the studio. I see a rack of clothes and pull him behind it. My whole body is charged with energy, and I have his belt undone before he grabs me by the wrists. “What are you doing?”
“What do you think?” I raise an eyebrow. “We won, and I want to make you feel as good as you make me feel. Right now.”
“Delia—”
“Andrew,” I say, reaching for him, “are you saying you don’t want to see me kneeling in front of you, naked, covered in diamonds, and sucking your cock?”
He groans, and lets me go. I grab his cock and pull it out, stroking it to full hardness—he’s already halfway there. I haven’t done this yet, and I’ve wanted to, so I take my time. I start with just my lips, kissing the tip and moving them up and down the length of him. I love the feel of him, smooth and hard, and I listen so the way his breath deepens when I kiss along his skin.
Now I use just my tongue to explore him, licking just under the base of his head, and downward. I cover him in long, broad, strokes that have his hands moving to my hair. I’d smile if my mouth weren’t otherwise occupied.
When I finally take him into my mouth, the sound Andrew makes sends a burst of heat straight through me. His fingers tighten in my hair and he pulls me closer. I love the way he fills up my mouth, the rich taste of him—I don’t need him to pull me closer for me to take him deeper.
“God, Delia,” his voice is hoarse, and I think that I should do this more often if it makes him sound like that. I suck back along his length, circling his head with my tongue before plunging down again. And again. I set up a steady rhythm, and I feel the way he’s growing tense, hear the way his breath intakes as I take him all the way down.
He’s speaking through gritted teeth now. “I’m not going to last.”
I blink up at him, and we lock eyes. His jaw is clenched and his gaze has that same fire it had on that first day. Slowly, I take his cock all the way while he watches me, and I watch him. That energy that began crawling through me during the show has turned into flaming arousal, and I’m so wet that I can feel the diamonds loosening on my thighs.
I speed up again, and Andrew goes utterly still. His hands are gripping my hair, and his breath goes shallow. I know he’s close, and I use it to my advantage. I tease him, sucking and licking, breaking up the rhythm so he doesn’t know what to expect, so he’s on the edge.
“Fuck,” he mutters under his breath.
His hips are moving, thrusting into my mouth, and I meet him stroke for stroke. With one last push I take him deep, swallowing him so my nose is against his skin, and Andrew comes, crying out my name. His cock jerks in my mouth and I swallow every drop of what he gives me, savoring the salty taste along with something that’s deeper—just him.
When he’s finished, he doesn’t move, hands relaxing in my hair as I lick him clean. “Shit,” he says, and I laugh, making sure he sees when I lick my lips. “I didn’t know that you could do that.”
“Maybe I’m just full of surprises.”
I let him kiss me, and wind my arms around his neck. “Now take me home and to bed, and fuck me before I fall into a long, long sleep.”
Andrew makes a noise low in his throat. “It’s funny, I’ve don’t think I’ve ever told you that the couch in my office turns into a bed.”
“Oh really?” I say, raising an eyebrow. “Is that an invitation?”
He chuckles. “I think it’s a necessity, because after that, I can’t wait until we get home to peel those little diamonds off you.”
“Let’s go then.” I pull him towards the stairs.
“I hope you know I’ll be using my mouth to get those off,” he says lightly. “I intend to be very thorough.”
“I would expect nothing less.”
He stops me at the stop of the stairs, pressing me into the wall and kissing me deeply. “I love you, Delia. I knew it when you walked into that room. Everyone may think it was a stunt but you are my queen and I can’t even tell you how much I love you.”
Tears prick my eyes and I kiss him back. “I love you too.”











Epilogue

One Year Later



“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this.”
Andrew’s face is all innocence. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. It’s just a normal runway show.”
Of course it’s just a normal runway show, except that Andrew, my new husband, convinced me it might be fun for me to wear a vibrator while I’m walking in the show. Of course he’s the one who has the controller.
He starts laughing at the look on my face. “I love you, wife.”
“I love you too, husband,” I say and give a mock sigh.
Despite the fact that I’m embarrassed, I’ve learned that Andrew has a strange way of knowing exactly what I need to fill in that exhibitionist streak I have, and this is only his latest solution. We’ve only been married a month, and already he’s found what feels like endless ways to get me off in public. And damn him, I love it every single time.
“This would be better if it weren’t lingerie,” I say to him.
“I disagree.”
Andrew’s new lingerie line has been a huge hit, and this show is the debut of the new season. There’s a lot riding on this show, and I don’t want to mess it up because I’m on the verge of coming while on the catwalk. He pulls me against him, hands cupping my ass and squeezing. “I think it’s perfect for lingerie. If you come, people will just think it’s a test run for the clothes.”
“You’re insufferable.”
“Insatiable, maybe,” he says, taking my mouth in a kiss. “Now get out there and look sexy.” He gives me a wink and I close my eyes. The show has already started and the backstage area is crazy. My turn on the runway is coming up fast. My heart is pounding out of my chest, the way it always does when I walk a show. Even after a year of it, I’m not used to it.
The stagehand gives me the signal and I come out of the curtain with strong steps. The music we’ve chosen for this show is fast and edgy, and you can’t be shy about walking to it. About halfway down the runway, I feel the vibrations start, and I nearly lose my rhythm. I’m going to kill him, I really am. Or fuck him. The second one is more likely.
I’m wearing a gorgeous creation of red silk that leaves little to the imagination, and suddenly in my mind I’m thinking about what it would be like to take it off slowly for Andrew, which is I’m sure what he intended. On this runway with hundreds of eyes on me, that spark rises through me. Swift and fierce arousal that makes me so much more aware of everything around me. I pose at the end of the runway and give a little smile for the camera before heading off the stage.
The vibrations turn off as I’m whirled into the next look, and I pass Andrew on the way back to the stage. His arms are crossed and he’s trying to look innocent. I don’t even have time to say anything, I’m back up on the stage and the sensation is back stronger. God, it feels good. I’d never seen this kind of vibrator before, a little contraption that clings to my clit and vibrates.
Any stronger and I’m going to have moisture running down my legs. Not necessarily what I need on the runway. My third look is the most daring, and the last look of the show. Black fabric hanging over my breasts and my pussy held up by nearly invisible threads. It looks like the fabric is just floating around me. Andrew is standing right by the runway this time, ready for his curtain call. The grin on my face tells me that I don’t have a chance.
I nearly stumble as I walk on, taken aback by the intensity of the vibrations. Heat licks up my spine because I’m nearly naked and close to coming in front of a crowd of people. Damn my husband, he knows me too well. Striking the best poses I can manage, I get off the stage and glare at him as he takes his bow, and as soon as he exits I grab his hand and shove him into the utility closet.
“This seems familiar,” he says, laughing.
“Shut up and turn that thing back on.” I unbutton his pants and palm his cock, which is already half hard.
“Yes, ma’am.” He lifts me and I wrap my legs around him just in time for him to slam into me. This closet is so small, my back is up against a set of shelves, and his is up against another. The vibrators springs back to life, and I let go, coming instantly. I cry out, and I know that everyone backstage will hear me, and I don’t care.
Andrew fucks me harder, faster. Later, we’ll go slowly.
“You liked that, didn’t you?” He pushes deeper into me, and I love the way he fills me up. Even after all this time, the way he fits into me perfectly makes me love him even more. “You liked almost coming in front of all those strangers.”
“Yes.” I crush my mouth down on his and I come again. The little toy isn’t letting me rest, sending spikes of pleasure through me, and I’m shuddering with it. Shaking. Shivering. I can’t see the room or Andrew or anything. I’m breathless and blind, at the mercy of this intense pleasure.
I’m about to come a third time, and this time Andrew comes with me, groaning as I almost scream into his mouth. I never want this to stop. I always want to feel this good. This perfect. Oh god yes yes yes
I think I might pass out from the pleasure, but the little toy shuts off, and I sag against Andrew. He lets me down, slipping out of me, and I know that I’m a mess. The delicate lingerie is torn, and what’s left of Andrew is running down my legs.
He kisses me, softly this time. “I love you.”
“I love you too. Damn you.”
He chuckles. “If you want to stop doing things like this, you just let me know.”
“How can I say that when it leads to sex like that?”
“My point exactly,” he says, grinning. “And as much as I’d like to stay in this closet with you, I think we should probably meet some of the people who came to the show.”
I sigh. “You’re right. Will you bring me a robe first, though? I think I’ve exposed myself enough for one day.”
Andrew pulls me against him so I can feel the length of his perfect body against mine. “Whatever you wish, my queen.”
* * *

THE END

Want to find out what happens on Andrew and Delia’s honeymoon? Click here for a bonus story!









And come say hi on Facebook! https://www.facebook.com/PennyWylder







Want another hot and dirty read? Check out the first chapter of DEEP IN YOU, available now!
* * *
I flick through the Pornfix selection until I find my favorite go-to. This one is particularly hot—two huge guys, both with 10” dicks, thick ones to boot—spit-roasting a buxom blonde girl. As usual, I’m picturing myself in her shoes, naked and on all fours between two hot-as-hell hulks of men, who are about to do whatever they please with me.
It doesn’t take long to get my panties damp and my clit aching.
I kneel on my bed, eyes still on the TV, mesmerized by the way their thick cocks look as they plunge into her—one guy taking her from behind, his dick already slick with her juices, and the other deep-throat fucking her from the front while she cups his ass with both hands, mouth wide open as she moans with desire. I know the feeling, girl. I’m thirsty too.
But unlike her, I’m going solo again. As usual. Frankly, I’ve never met a guy who can manage to make me feel as full or as satisfied as I can myself. After more than a few failed dates, hookups and one-night stands failed to perform, I figure I’m better off this way.
I finish lubing up my favorite toy—the XL realistically veined dildo, rainbow-colored just for fun—and grab a set of anal beads to slather in lube too. One hole has never really been enough to get me off.
My clit is aching with unfulfilled desire by the time the scene on screen shifts to the best part. The guys lift the girl up between them, one spreading her ass cheeks wide. I moan a little as I imitate the motion, sitting up on the bed and pushing the first bead into my ass. I can feel my sphincter close around that first bead, tight and aching for more. I watch the porn stars lower their shared girl, one still with his cock deep in her pussy, the other slowly entering her ass, inch by inch, as she cries out in pleasure.
I push a second bead into my ass, then a third. With each bead, the size increases and the delicious stretched, full sensation increases. By the time I have the whole string in my ass, I’m moaning alone in my darkened bedroom, my other hand hovering above my clit, rubbing across my mound, careful not to touch my clit directly, not yet. I want to make this last. I deserve it after the week I’ve had.
I take the dildo next and lean back, sitting on my ass just enough to make me really feel the beads stuffed in there. At the same time, I drag my gaze back to the TV, to the guys as they lift the girl between them and start to pump into her, fucking both holes, filling her completely.
I push the dildo into my pussy, a single hard, deep thrust to get me going. I cry out as it enters me, stretching my tight pussy wide, stuffing me fully. A little bit of my juices mingled with the lube drips down onto my fingers, and I imagine that it’s those guys’ fingers instead, feeling my pussy lips, enjoying the sight of me stuffed with their cocks.
I work myself with both hands, one tugging and pressing alternately on the string of anal beads and the other pumping the dildo deep into myself, faster, faster, until I’m working as fast as I can. I buck against the bed, moaning in sync with the girl on the screen being mercilessly fucked by those two hot, huge hunks.
She comes the same time I do, though her screaming sounds a lot louder. I gasp aloud as the orgasm rocks through my body, making my pussy clench tight around the dildo. I can feel the beads more than ever as my ass tightens too, my whole body reacting to the sensation of being so completely taken.
I sink down against the pillows, panting, my clit still twitching, the aftershocks of the orgasm rocketing through my nerve endings.
Then I pull the dildo out of me slowly, an inch at a time. I take out the anal beads next, shivering each time one pops free and sends another riot through my nervous system.
When I’m finished, I turn off the TV and lever myself upright. I tiptoe to the bathroom and turn the sink on warm. Wash down both toys and glance at myself in the mirror with a sigh. There are bags under my hazel-green eyes, and my cute, short little red pixie cut needs an update ASAP. The brown roots show and the ends are frayed and split. Signs of how little I’ve been paying attention to myself, what with all the insanity at the bakery.
But I don’t have time to fix myself up right now. I don’t have time to do anything, really, not even scope out a decent one-night stand at the local bar scene. I need to be back at work by 6am tomorrow, which means I should already be in bed. Even this one-on-one dalliance with me, myself and I took up more time than it should have.
I finish washing off the toys and pack them back into the drawer that currently holds my entire sex life. Some people might be embarrassed to own this many toys—everything from vibrators in every size, to anal plugs and beads and bullets, up to just about any flavor of dildo you can imagine, with and without vibration depending on the mood. Hell, there’s even a suction-cup model that sticks to the wall, for when I really need a hands-free moment. Another one is weighted to the floor so I can ride cowgirl without needing any one-night stand to ride.
My friends sometimes make fun of me—they don’t know what I’m into at all. They joke about how I haven’t gotten any for ages, but they don’t know that I can take care of my own needs—or that no guy I’ve found has ever even been willing to entertain the idea of helping out.
Much as I wish I could find a guy as kinky as I am, I don’t claim that persona in front of my friends. They know I like something unusual, but have no idea what exactly. The closest my bestie Lara ever came to finding out was when she almost stumbled onto one of my sex-toy-of-the-month club deliveries (which would have killed me from embarrassment). But honestly, what’s the difference between this and hooking up with strangers every so often? A girl’s got needs—and I meet mine just fine. I’ve yet to meet a guy who’s even come close to being able to fulfill me, so I’d rather take my sex life into my own hands, thank you very much.
I slide the drawer closed and turn off the light. Then I face-plant into bed and try to ignore the alarm clock in the corner with its huge flashing light-up display.
11:32pm. That only leaves me 5 and a half hours of sleep before I need to be upright and getting ready for tomorrow. Tomorrow, which will be just as insane as yesterday and the day before. Great. Can’t wait.
I pull my pillow over my face and try my best to doze off. In my mind’s eye, I can still see the chiseled abs and sculpted chests of those guys from the porno. I drift off imagining myself sandwiched between them. Though part of me still feels guilty, even now, for letting myself get this distracted.
Tomorrow I’ll fix it. Tomorrow I’ll get my head in the game.
Tonight, I let myself have my fantasies, if only for a little while.
* * *
Want more? DEEP IN YOU is live on Amazon now!











Books By Penny Wylder





Filthy Boss

Her Dad’s Friend

Rockstars F#*k Harder

The Virgin Intern

Her Dirty Professor

The Pool Boy

Get Me Off

Caught  Together

Selling Out to the Billionaire

Falling for the Babysitter

Lip Service

Full Service

Expert Service

The Billionaire’s Virgin

The Billionaire’s Secret Babies

Her Best Friend’s Dad

Own Me

The Billionaire’s Gamble

Seven Days With Her Boss

Virgin in the Middle

The Virgin Promise

First and Last

Tease

Spread

Bang

Second Chance Stepbrother

Dirty Promise

Sext

Quickie

Bed Shaker

Deep in You











