


CHAPTER 1
 
For Maddie Clarke, high school had been a blur of homework, bad skin, worse hair, raging hormones and a crush on Sam Hennessy. Being thirty wasn't much better. Work had taken over from homework and the bad hair days continued, but Clearasil had been replaced by a year's supply of chocolate on her 10 Things To Take To a Deserted Island list. 
Until now, she'd thought the hormones and Sam Hennessy fixation were under control too, but apparently she was wrong. The tall, muscular man leaning casually against her sister's kitchen bench, ankles and arms crossed, definitely had a way of waking up long neglected body parts. And with that reawakening came all the symptoms of lust—sweating, churning stomach, erratic heart rate. It was like being fifteen all over again.
"Maddie? You okay?" her older sister, Linda, asked. "You don't look well."
"I'm fine. Must've been something I ate."
"You didn't swallow any chemicals at the lab again, did you?"
Maddie glared at her. She'd have to remember to thank her sister for making a fool of her in front of Sam later.
"I never realized being a scientist was so dangerous," said Sam, the corners of his mouth spiking upwards. 
"She's joking. I've never swallowed any chemicals." Except for that one time when her lab partner accidentally spilled ethanol in her coffee. She'd driven the porcelain bus for days afterwards.
"Well, there was that one time—"
"Linda!" Her sister had the biggest mouth in Melbourne. If only she used it for good instead of evil. "Don't you have children to raise?"
Linda cupped a hand behind her ear. "I don't hear screaming coming from the living room, which means David and Emily have either killed each other or are up to mischief." She turned her attention to ten month-old Ronan in the high chair, smacking himself with his fist. "And he's doing fine without parental influence, so no, I think I'll stay here."

And embarrass the hell out of me.

"When did you say Pete would be home?" Sam asked, eyeing the kitchen door like he was waiting for his savior to walk in.
Maddie didn't blame him for wishing his old buddy would come home and rescue him. She often wanted to escape her sister, especially when Linda cooked up a storm. At meal times, she was like one of those circus plate twirlers, keeping everything spinning just enough so the plates didn't smash on the floor.

Yep, Maddie admired Linda, she just didn't want to 
be
 her. Of course she wanted kids, but not three with another on the way and a husband who worked long hours. To avoid chaos, Linda needed boundless energy and the organization skills of the Olympic Committee. Pity she had a penchant for leaving everything until the last minute. 

Linda's life was more excitement than Maddie ever wanted. She could usually only cope for an hour before she had to escape to the peace and quiet of her own house. 
"So how long are you here for, Sam?" Maddie asked, hoping to distract him from wishing he was somewhere else.
He shrugged impressively broad shoulders. Sexy shoulders. Bite-able shoulders. "Not sure yet. I'm on a wait-and-see basis. Go with the flow, see how things pan out. You know how it is."
Nope, she didn't have a clue. "Oh." Who ever heard of someone in his position taking an indefinite holiday? Surely the CEO of National Paints couldn't take more than a couple of weeks off work? 
He was as much a mystery now as he had been back in school. Unfortunately that only added to his hotness. Like he needed any more.
Nope, Sam hadn't changed much in fifteen years after all. He was still gorgeous, still made her hormones jump and he still bucked the system and got away with it.
Two years older than Maddie, Sam had been her sister's boyfriend's—now husband's—best friend at East Waverley High. He'd also been the school's bad boy. Every girl in school dreamt of dating him. About half of those had lived out their fantasies. The other half, the group to which Maddie belonged, had been too far beneath him to get noticed.
He'd left Melbourne straight after graduation. Fifteen years later, he'd returned, wealthier and sexier than ever. That sucked. If there was any justice in the world, he'd be fat, bald and stuck in a dead-end job, or maybe in jail. 
Somehow he'd managed to dodge premature aging and the law and wound up in charge of a multi-national company, which just confirmed her theory that crime and corporate Australia weren't all that far apart. Even worse than his stellar career, he hadn't put on an ounce—his lean body had gained muscle tone not flab—and he still had his own hair, thick and black. Life was so unfair.
At least he was still single. The Powers That Be hadn't smiled on him in the love department. But they would and Maddie just knew the lucky woman would be better than he deserved. Men like Sam Hennessy got all the breaks in life.
"Still looking for Miss Right," he said when Linda asked what Maddie was dying to know. 

"
Ms
. Right," Maddie said then winced. Who the hell cared for gender politics when the man of her teen dreams lounged against her sister's kitchen bench? 

God, he looked better in jeans at thirty-two than he had at seventeen. They fit snugly around his long legs, tight butt and a bulge that had been the envy of the jocks and the Holy Grail of the year nine girls.
"Sorry," Sam said. "I didn't realize 'Miss' was an unacceptable title in the twenty-first century."
She tried to smile, tried to look casual and cool, but her glasses slipped down her nose. She was such a dork. "It's just politically incorrect nowadays."
His gaze skimmed up her face, settling on her eyes, or maybe her glasses. She should have worn the blue framed ones, they made her look sexier. 
Who was she kidding? Glasses and sexiness went together like peanut butter and chocolate.
Actually, that sounded interesting. She’d have to try it when she finished her diet.
"I'll try to remember that next time I'm speaking about a matrimonially challenged female," he said.
Linda snorted. Maddie's smile tightened and she ground her teeth. Pete had better hurry up and get home if he didn't want his sister-in-law and best friend exchanging insults before they even sat down to dinner. Sam may be great eye candy but he'd never been her favorite person. Nothing had changed. He still liked teasing her, and she still didn't know how to take it.
"Those kids are way too quiet for my liking," Linda said, turning down the oven. "I'd better make sure they still have their hair."
Sam's eyebrows rose. 
"David chopped Emily's off a couple of weeks back."
"Ah, that explains the crew cut. I thought she was trying for the tomboy look."
"She's three," Maddie said. "She's too young to have a look."
The raised brows turned on her. "Sorry, but I don't know what's in the mind of a three year-old girl."
Maybe she should shut up now. Years ago, when confronted by the over-confident, smart-mouthed Sam Hennessy, her instinct had been for flight. Now that she was older and could hold her own in verbal combat, her instincts told her to fight. But those instincts might get her into trouble. It usually did these days.
"Make sure Ronan doesn't try to climb out of his high chair, Maddie," Linda said as the kitchen door swung closed behind her.
Hearing his name, Ronan gurgled. Maddie tickled his chin until he squirmed and tried to launch himself out of the chair. 
"Uh, Maddie," said Sam. 
She sat Ronan up straight and dared him to move with a glare. "What?"
"The gravy..." 
"Oh no!" 
Sam beat her to the stove but not before gravy spilled down the sides of the saucepan. He turned down the burner and removed the saucepan. 
"You watch the pots on the left," she said, "and I'll take the right. I don't know how Linda does this every day."
"I guess it's something you get used to."
"I doubt I ever could."
"Sure you would. When the time's right for you. Personally, I love it. Nothing like kids running around the house to make life interesting."
Maddie looked at him sideways. "You like kids?"
"Of course."
Was this the same Sam Hennessy who at fourteen rode a stolen motorbike through the school grounds? The same Sam Hennessy who wrote dirty limericks on the girl's toilet walls and spent more time in detention than regular classes? That Sam Hennessy wouldn't want kids cramping his lifestyle of wild parties and wilder dates.
He glanced around the kitchen then smiled at Ronan. The baby gurgled and grinned back. "Three kids and another on the way," he said with a shake of his head. "Who'd have thought your sister would settle down?"

"Not me. I thought I'd be the one with a husband and family by the time I was thirty and my sister would be the charity case I had over to dinner." At least, that was the way it was 
meant
 to be.

He smiled and his gaze grazed over her body before returning to her face. "You don't look like a charity case."
Maddie's skin grew warm and tingly from the heat cast by the stove. Definitely the stove. Sheesh, but it was hot in the kitchen
"Linda's changed a lot since school," he went on. "I remember her as a party animal. Never still for one second, always wanting to go out. I don't know how Pete kept up with her."
"He got her pregnant."
"Hasn't slowed her down from what I can see."
"She's only fourteen weeks. Wait till she's eight months and see her waddle after the other kids." She smiled. "Last time she perfected the art of shoe throwing. David soon learned he couldn't dodge it."
Sam laughed. "I guess apart from the kids, the house in the 'burbs and the shorter hair, your sister hasn't changed much. She's still the same bubbly Linda."
"You mean scatter-brained."
He held up both hands. "I didn't say it."
"It's okay, I'll take the heat if she overhears. I've been calling her that my entire life." Ever since Maddie came home with her first A. Linda had never produced anything higher than a B and that was in art class and only because she had chicken pox when the major piece had been due so Maddie, feeling sorry for her sister, had done it for her. 
"She's not the only one that's changed around here," he said quietly. 
She glanced over her shoulder and met the bluest set of eyes she'd ever seen. He grinned in that crooked, Sam Hennessy way that had always made her knees wobble. Flushing, she turned away too fast and bumped the saucepan handle, splashing gravy onto the stove.

Did he mean her? Had 
she
 changed? God, she hoped so. That high school kid had been an awkward geek. She was still a little geeky, but thankfully she'd grown out of the awkwardness—except when Sam showed up after fifteen years looking yummier than a double chocolate fudge sundae. 

Linda blew into the kitchen. "Maddie," she said, "you were supposed to make sure Ronan didn't kill himself."
"What?" Oh God, she was the worst aunt in the world. Ronan was happily smacking his forehead with a spoon he'd grabbed off the bench. "He isn't hurt is he? I got distracted."
Linda's gaze shifted from Ronan to Maddie to Sam. She turned back to her sister and winked. "I bet."
Maddie rolled her eyes. Linda had as much subtlety as a naked Klingon at a Star Trek convention. "All present and accounted for in there?"
"Yes, but the walls are now decorated with pretty butterflies." Squeals erupted from the living room. "Sounds like Daddy's home."
Moments later, Pete loped into the kitchen in blue overalls and work boots. "Hey, how's my main man!" He gave Sam a manly hug, slapping him on the back. "It's good to see you."
Sam grinned. "Good to see you too, Mate. Been a while."
"Too long. So you going to tell us what the heck you're doing back in Melbourne?"
"Heck?"
Pete shrugged. "Yeah. Anything stronger than that and David's kindergarten teacher will let me know about it. The kid's a sponge. Soaks up everything I say then spouts it all out at kindy the next day."
"It makes a nice change to the swear words you used to use. Your vocabulary was pretty colorful."
"Mine! What about—"
"Pete," Linda warned in her mommy voice. "Not in front of the kids." She nodded at the door where two little faces appeared.
"I don't know how long I'm here for," Sam said, picking up the original thread of the conversation. "Maybe a few days, maybe a few weeks." 
"Try to make it as long as possible," Pete said. "This is gonna be great. Just like old times." Unlike Sam, Pete had no hair. At Linda's urging, he'd shaved his off so the receding hairline was less noticeable. But when he was excited, like now, he had a habit of running his hand over his bald pate, as if to ruffle imaginary curls. 
"So much to discuss," he said. "Fifteen years and not a word and then you call out of the blue. Jeez, where do we start?"
The enormity of the question must have overwhelmed them because both men said nothing. 
Finally, Sam broke the silence. "Good to see the Aussies beating the Kiwis again in the cricket."
Typical men. Half a lifetime had passed since they'd seen each other and all they could talk about was sport.
Pete's face lit up. "What a fantastic—"
"Uh, guys," said Linda, "we're not interested in hearing about the cricket."
"Then we'll take this out to the back porch." Pete pecked his wife on the cheek and took Sam by the arm.
"We want to talk to Sam too," she protested.
"Too bad, he's mine." 
Sam gave an apologetic shrug as Pete steered him out the door. David and Emily followed at a safe distance, eyes fixated on the stranger's back. Maddie's eyes were fixated on a point a little lower, but she was equally in awe. And in lust. Damn but he was one mighty fine masculine specimen. 
"Did you see his butt?" Linda whispered hoarsely when they were alone. "Oh my God, has that man got a behind that I could just—"
"Linda! You're a married woman."

"Nothing wrong with window shopping. Besides, 
you're
 single. I was ogling on your behalf." 

Maddie groaned. She hated when her sister played matchmaker. So far the men Linda had set her up with had all been construction-worker colleagues of Pete's. As cute and muscular as some of them had been, their idea of a spirited discussion was to debate the best wrestling match of all time. None of them could even spell molecule let alone know what it was.
"I know what you're thinking," Maddie said, "and don't. That guy is not my type." 
Linda sighed. "Not this again. When are you going to give up on this perfect man theory?"
"It's not a theory, it's my standard. Every woman should have a standard." 
"Maybe you shouldn't set yours so high."

Maddie bit back a retort about setting it too low. She liked Pete, she really did, it's just that 
she
 wouldn't have married him.

"My criteria aren't that tough."
Linda snorted. "Tough enough that no man can meet them."
"Is it my problem there aren't any intelligent, honest, interesting and sensitive men out there?"
"There's plenty. You just add too many other ingredients to the recipe. Like neatness, has to get on with Mum and likes kids. If I were you, I'd give up on the liking Mum part. That's asking a bit much. And neatness is over-rated. All you can expect from a man is that he doesn't wear the same pair of underwear more than once before he puts it in the laundry basket and he takes the rubbish out. Not necessarily in that order."
Maddie rolled her eyes so far back she saw stars. "I'm not living with a slob."
Linda waved a spoon in the air. "You're thirty now, Sis. Tick tock."
Maddie couldn't believe what she was hearing. She'd thought her sister was on her side. "I've got plenty of time to settle down and start a family." 
"Nice try, Mad, but I know you don't really think that."
She hated when Linda read her mind. 
"I know about your Plan," her sister went on.
The Plan. Ever since she'd turned thirty it had hung over her head like a guillotine. The timetable for her life, along with the criteria for a perfect husband, had been devised in Cynthia Bolowski's tree house eighteen years ago. According to the Plan, Maddie should be happily married with one child and another on the way by now. Cynthia was married with two kids and a dog. Maddie had a university degree and a good job but neither of those things had made it onto the Plan. They just hadn’t seemed all that important when she was twelve. 
Linda piled broccoli onto four of her best china plates and two plastic ones. "Let's look at this logically. Say you meet a guy today. You'll want to date for two years before you marry, then you should be married for a couple of years before you start a family. Two years between each kid will make you," she tapped each finger on the bench, counting out loud, "nearly forty by the time you have the fourth. Jeez, Mad, you better get started." 
"I don't want four, I want two. Two's perfect. Three creates middle child syndrome and four means a bigger car. Two's ideal. As to the rest, who's to say I won't fall instantly in love and get married within six months?"
"I know you, that's what makes me say it. You'll need two years just to organize the damn wedding. Besides, it'll take you that long to find every quirk in his personality."

Maddie sniffed. "Well, whatever his assets, I am 
not
 interested in Sam Hennessy."

"Why not? If I recall, Mum used to like him."
"I don't care what Mum thinks! This has got nothing to do with my criteria." She plucked imaginary fluff off her tailored pants. The criteria, along with the Plan and her last tube of Clearasil, had long been relegated to the bin.
Linda smacked her hand lightly. "Stop fussing and tell me what the problem is. What's wrong with Sam Hennessy?" 
"Okay." She took a deep breath. She'd never told anyone this before. She'd bottled it up inside since she was fifteen and had forgotten how much it had hurt until Sam turned up looking more gorgeous than ever. Well, here goes...



 






CHAPTER 10
 
"So wear Pheramour forever," Linda said.
Maddie sighed and slumped further into her chair. "That's what I thought too. But I can't."
"Why not? This is Sam Hennessy. He's worth a bath every day in that stuff. He'll never know."
Maddie shook her head. At least she'd been drunk when she thought wearing Pheramour forever was a good idea. Her sister was sober, and completely nuts.
"I can't. It's not right. It's not fair. Besides, I've noticed other men are falling for it too."
"Really? Like who? I want details."
"Remember Justin?"
"The man-boy?"
Maddie nodded. "We bumped into him yesterday. He said I looked good. He never used to give me complements."
"That's because he's a jerk. So do you think he wants you back? I hope so. I hope he wants you bad. Make him suffer, he deserves it." She licked her fingers and smoothed Ronan's hair down at the front where it had a habit of curling up into a 'C'. "But that's not enough, Mad. Two men don't make Pheramour a raging success."
"It was happening all day. Men kept looking at me. I thought I had something hanging from my nose, but I didn't. Once, when Sam wasn't around, a guy asked me on a date. Just like that! It took him two minutes."

"Wow. I guess it 
is
 working then."

Maddie didn't know whether to agree with her or be annoyed that her sister didn't think she could earn that much interest without chemical assistance.
"Wait a minute. Pete doesn't think you're attractive." She frowned. "I hope."
"It doesn't work on all men. I’m not sure why. It must have something to do with the unique chemical make-up that—"
"Enough of the science talk," Linda said with finality.
Maddie sighed and thunked her head on the table. So much for Linda convincing her Pheramour wasn't working. She'd only confirmed her own fears. If those who knew Maddie best couldn't believe she'd be attractive to so many men, including Sam—especially Sam—what hope was there? 
It hurt to admit, but she had to agree with Linda, she'd never been a sex kitten. She was barely even an alley cat. 
"I think I'm going to cry," she said on another sigh. 
But Linda was looking at her son trying to blow bubbles. "This is terrible."
"I know."
"This could be the end of society as we know it. Morals, human sexuality and behavior, everything's going to change."
Maddie cocked an eyebrow. Her sister was scaring her. She sounded...sensible. "You're not talking about Sam and me are you?"
"No. Pheramour. What if people start wearing it and other people—complete strangers, people's husbands—fall for it? There'll be total sexual chaos."
Chaos. Maddie's least favorite word. One she hadn't associated with Pheramour until now. Despite putting her utmost into her work, she hadn't expected it to be this successful. She'd thought it might work on a small percentage of the population, and perhaps only marginally increase the wearer's attractiveness to the opposite sex, but it had turned out to be incredibly powerful stuff. 
BioDerma and Fleur Elise were about to unleash a monster on an innocent public. 
"I think I need to talk to Miles," she said weakly. 
Pete lurched through the kitchen door, gulping in air, his face redder than an outback sunset. He wore a T-shirt with dark sweat stains back and front, running shorts a size too small, and running shoes with matching holes at the big toes. He grabbed a glass and filled it with water then drank the lot in one gulp. 
"Hey Maddie," he wheezed, "how's things?"
"Oh, fine, except I'm about to create total sexual chaos."
Emily and David, who'd come in behind their father, sniggered behind their hands. 
"Yeah? Cool. Give me a few days warning so I can stock up on c-o-n-d-o-m-s." He bent to kiss Linda on her forehead but she smacked him in the arm. "I was kidding!"
"Yeah, well it's not funny. And you're all sweaty. Where's...?" Linda glanced at Maddie then at her husband, eyebrows raised.
"Sam? He's coming. He wanted to do an extra lap of the street."

"Sam's coming here?" Oh great, 
now
 they tell her, when it's too late to run home to change into something sexier than a grungy old pair of jeans. "Linda, why didn't you say something?" 

"I thought it would be a nice surprise. He rang Pete this morning and asked him to go for a run." Her gaze shifted to her husband, sagging against the kitchen sink. "Don't worry," she said in a voice low enough that only Maddie and Ronan could hear. "It looks like it was a tough run. Probably Sam'll look awful too."
Pete looked beat. Trickles of sweat lined his ruddy face and he sucked in air like there wasn't enough of it going round. Hopefully Sam would look just as unattractive.
"Hey, Mad," Pete said between wheezes, "Sam couldn't stop talking about you. He said he had a good time yesterday, but you went cold on him after you fell in the water." He dragged in two breaths before continuing. "He wants to know what the problem is."
"And what did you say?" Linda asked.
"That she probably had PMS."
"Pete!" both women cried.
"What? What's wrong with that? Besides, what other explanation is there? It's Sam Hennessy for crying out loud. Why else would you give him the cold shoulder?"
Maddie groaned. She loved Pete, in a sister-in-law way, but he could be a real pain in the ass sometimes. He and Linda were made for each other. "I have to go." She stood. 
The kitchen door swung open and Sam stopped dead. "Maddie!" 
He looked amazing. Not like Pete at all. He didn't wheeze, his face was its usual tanned color, and there wasn't a single sweat stain on his sleeveless T-shirt. A few beads collected around his hair line and his hair was a little damp but that just made him look sexy. His naked, powerful thighs made him look sexier. He was all masculinity with energy oozing from every pore, vibrating across the air and smacking Maddie between her thighs. 
"I didn't think you were going to be here," he said, coming further into the kitchen. He accepted a glass of water from Pete.
She managed to tear her gaze from his legs. He had great calves—a perfect arch of granite-hard muscle. "And I didn't know you were coming. If I had..." She glanced around at their audience and closed her mouth. "Anyway, I was just leaving."
"No you weren't," said Linda. "You were staying for lunch, remember." She gave Maddie a glare. Maddie knew that look. It was the look Linda used to give her when she was telling their parents a lie and warned Maddie that she'd better shut up or she'd get a Chinese burn later. Maddie always shut up.
She sat back heavily in her seat. "Yeah, I'm staying."
"Great." Linda stood and handed Ronan to her. "Sam, go take a shower. Pete, take the kids outside to play until Sam gets out and then it's your turn. Maddie, you can change Ronan while I prepare lunch."
Maddie made a face at her nephew. "I thought I smelled something."
When everyone had done as they were told, they ate sandwiches outside on the porch. Emily and David found playing in the garden more fun than eating their crusts and Emily found falling over easier than walking. The four adults took it in turns picking her up, dusting her down and sending her on her way again. 
"Pete, help me with the dishes," said Linda, standing. "Maddie, will you watch Ronan?"
"Why do I have to help?" asked Pete. "Can't Maddie? Isn't that what you girls do, go into the kitchen and discuss the meaning of life?"
"Not today," Linda said with a wink that only Sam couldn't see. 
"Why are you winking?" Pete stood. "Have you got something in your eye?"
Linda grabbed his hand and pulled him inside, leaving the dirty dishes behind. 
"Subtle," said Sam, leaning back in his chair. He'd changed into jeans and a clean T-shirt. His hair was still damp but from the shower this time. Maddie liked the way the jagged edges fell above his eyes, framing his face and making him look like a brooding teen again. "I'm glad they left us on our own. We need to talk."
Emily fell over and squealed at the top of her lungs. Grateful for the distraction, Maddie got up to rub the grazed knee and returned to Sam. Slowly. How many more times could her niece help her avoid the awkward discussion she knew was coming?
"Maddie, about yesterday." He leaned forward. "I'm sorry."
"Oh," she said innocently, "what for?"
He lifted one big shoulder. "For being a jerk?" 
She gave him points for trying. But he wasn't a jerk and she didn't want him blaming himself for her issues. She was the one with doubts, not him. He was just acting under the influence of some very powerful hormonal urges induced by Pheramour.
"It's not you, it's me," she said.
"Gee, where have I heard that before?" He crossed his arms over his chest. "I think I've used that one in half my relationship breakups." He grunted and focused on David and Emily chasing each other round the back yard. Tension zapped across the space between them. "So this is what it feels like to be on the other end?"

She bit her lip. 
You've got to do this.
 "It happens to be true on this occasion. Look, it's nobody's fault—"

"Aha," he pointed at her, "there's another one. Also on my list of favorite breakup lines." He smiled but the humor didn’t reach his blue eyes. "How about 'I need to find myself', that's a good one. I used that on a spiritualist and she totally fell for it. And then there's 'We want different things' which I wish I'd used on my ex. She wanted my money and I wanted her out of my life. For a year after my father died I found 'I need some time' went down a treat. Follow that up with 'You're so sweet for understanding' and you're on a winner." One corner of his top lip curled and a muscle worked in his cheek. "Any of those suit? Feel free to borrow one."
Maddie felt like crawling into a small dark space and staying there until winter 2050. By then she might be over Sam and he might have forgiven her. Maybe.
"Sam, I'm sorry, but you'll thank me one day." Like next time she saw him and Pheramour had completely worn off. 
"There's another good one. Can't recall ever using it myself though."
"Sam, please."
He stood and looked like he was going to leave but didn't. He ran a hand across his five o'clock shadow and sighed, then sat again. "Maddie, against my better judgment, I'm going to lay it on the table. I like you. A lot." He held his palm up when she opened her mouth to protest. "I know we're not really in a relationship, but we have known each other forever, so I think we can skip all the dating crap. So here's the thing." He leaned forward and placed his elbows on his thighs, his hands dangling between his knees. "I want to see more of you. I have no idea what I said to upset you yesterday, but I apologize for it." He shrugged. "I confess, I'm just a dumb guy when it comes to figuring out women, but-"
"Stop it, Sam. Please."
"I'm not finished." He sucked in a breath and let it out slowly. "I can't remember ever being attracted to someone the way I'm attracted to you. I can't get enough of you. It feels like I'm on a drug."
If only he knew.
"That's got to account for something, don't you think?"
Oh hell. Maddie focused on the children pushing each other in the garden, arguing over Emily's Barbie. She got up to separate them, her mind only half on the job, but Sam caught her hand and stopped her. 
"Maddie, I want to see more of you."
She snatched her hand away, regretting the loss of touch more than she liked to admit. "No, Sam. We can't. End of story." She strode down to the lawn, snatched Barbie off David who was holding the doll out of Emily's reach, and pulled the legs and arms from their sockets. She gave the torso to Emily and the limbs to David.
"There, now you can both play with her."
When she straightened and turned round, Sam was gone.



 






CHAPTER 11
 
Sam felt like he'd done ten rounds with Ali. He was dazed and his gut ached. Women! He'd dated his fair share but he still didn't have a clue how they ticked. Especially Maddie Clarke. Never in his life had he met a woman who confused him and turned him on at the same time. 
He drove back to his mother's house on autopilot. He couldn't remember if he stopped at the traffic lights—he couldn't even remember if there'd been any. All he knew was that Maddie was a woman he wanted to see more of, but she wasn't interested.

Usually he was the one doing the brush-off, not the other way round. Now he knew why his ex-girlfriends used to throw things at him. He wondered if it was too late to ring any of them and apologize for his behavior. He hadn't meant to be callous, it's just that the relationships never felt right. And when something didn't feel right, he walked away, found something else, found something that 
did
 feel right. Like moving back to Melbourne and starting his own renovation business. 

Like being with Maddie.
He thumped the steering wheel as he pulled into the driveway of his mother's Sixties cream brick house. He'd offered to buy her something more modern in a better part of town but she'd refused. She said she liked her place. She knew which creaking floorboards to avoid, she knew precisely where to thump the hot water system so that it didn't groan, and she'd spent years getting the garden just the way she liked it. Besides, his father's ashes were scattered amongst the roses and she didn't want to leave some of him behind.
Sam hadn't pushed the issue. Instead, he'd bought her a red Honda sports car. She liked to zip out to the shops and the tennis club in it, always ensuring she passed her friends' houses on the way. These friends just happened to be the ones who said Sam was a trouble-maker when he was a teen and wouldn't amount to anything. 
He and his mother thought alike on some things. But not many.
"Sammy, honey, did you enjoy your jog with Pete?" she asked when he entered. She wore a powder blue suit with matching shoes, her snow white hair tied back with a bow of the same fabric. Not a hair was out of place. None dared.
"Yeah, the jog was fine. Lunch afterwards sucked."
She placed her arm around his waist. "Sit down and tell your old mother all about it."
He pulled away. "I don't want to talk about it. It's private."
"I'm your mother. Nothing is private from me."

Ain't that the truth
. Back in school, she always seemed to know what he'd done the second he'd done it. Her network put the CIA to shame. 

"If that boy, Pete Murphy, is giving you a hard time, you let me know. I'll straighten him out."  
He sighed. "It's not Pete."
"I never did like him. He's a bad influence on you. I don't know how that Linda Clarke put up with him for so long. Not that she was much better," she said with a sniff. "Always getting into trouble. She used to give her poor mother a nasty rash every time she was caught escaping out the window. Definitely a bad influence. Not like that lovely sister of hers."
"Maddie. Yeah, she's just lovely." The break-your-heart-and-jump-on-it kind of lovely. "Mum, we're not sixteen anymore and Pete's an okay guy. Linda's a little loopy still, but I like her. And their kids are great."
She clicked her tongue. "Imagine two irresponsible people like Pete and Linda bringing up children. I shudder to think."
"Mum! They're great parents."
She didn't look like she believed him but he wasn't going to labor the point. She'd never change her mind about some things, nor would she believe that a wayward teenager could grow up to be a responsible adult and parent. Unless that wayward teenager was her son.
"Besides, I think I was a worse influence on Pete than he was on me."
"Nonsense. You were just going through a phase."
A phase that lasted nearly twenty years. 
She patted his hand. "Anyway, you were going to tell me what's bothering you."
"No, I wasn't."
"Don't be silly. If it's not Pete, then what happened over lunch?" 
He shook his head and started to stand but she said "Sit down" so forcefully and he wasn't in the mood to argue with her. He'd done enough of that as a teenager and it hadn't gotten him anywhere except away from Melbourne. He was ready to give her another chance. If he didn't pull out his hair and grind his teeth down to the gums first.
She tapped a manicured nail on the table. "I know what the problem is."
"You do?" 
"It's the children. They were being obnoxious. All that shouting and running around—it's enough to give one a headache. Children should be—"
"No, Mum. The kids are fun. I told you that. I love kids, despite the shouting and running around."

She grimaced and he made a mental note that his mother wasn't ready for grandchildren yet. Just as well because if Maddie didn't back down, it was going to take a hell of a long time to find someone else he wanted to have kids with.


Whoa
. The thought side-swiped him with all the force of a truck. Where the hell had that come from? He’d only begun to date her, now he was thinking about having children with her? Jeez, he did have it bad.

"So what was the problem?" she went on. "The food? Did that Linda Clarke feed you—"
"Enough." He held up his hands. The only way to get her to stop badgering him was to tell her. He sighed. "It's Maddie. She was there."
"Linda's sister? I thought you liked her. You went on a date with her yesterday."
"Yeah, I like her. She doesn't like me."
His mother shot up and stood ram-rod straight. She leaned forward slightly and placed her knuckles on the table. "How can she not like you! You're handsome, healthy, rich and you have all your own hair. What more would a woman want?" She shook her head and sat with a thud. She stared down at the table as if looking for answers on the spotless surface. "That's just ridiculous. Not like my Sammy? No," she muttered. "No, no, no. Not possible. All the girls like you. They always have. When you were a boy, I used to hang up on them all the time."
"You hung up on girls who called me? Mum!"
She waved her hand. "Only the ones I didn't like. Anyway I haven't done it in years."
"That's because I haven't lived here in years." He rubbed his jaw and closed his eyes. His life was disintegrating. His mother was more out of control than he remembered. Maybe he should go back to Sydney. At least that city didn't have his mother in it. Or Maddie.
Then again, maybe not.
"I think it's time I moved out," he said. "Get my own place."
"But you just got back. Can't you stay here a little longer?" She came around the table and touched his face with both hands. "It's been lovely having you home again. The house has missed you. I've missed you."
He sighed again. The woman was the world champion of emotional blackmail. "We're cramping each other's style, Mum. Just yesterday you said you were having a friend over, but when I came home early you changed your mind."
She straightened, a forced smile frozen on her lips. "Don't worry about me, Sammy, you just go about your business like this is your home again."
Just like his mother, avoiding the real issue. Which confirmed his suspicions that her friend was a man.
"Mum, I'm thirty-two. I need to have my own place and so do you. Besides, I've lived on my own for fifteen years and living here makes me feel like a kid again." 
She looked at him blankly and gave a small shrug as if to say "So?". 
"I need my space," he said.
"So you can have women over?"
"So you can have men over."
She spluttered something he couldn't make out and disappeared into the kitchen. He felt like saying "Gotcha", but didn't think she'd find it funny, so he let it slide. 
He drummed his fingers on the table. At least his mother was dating again. That was definitely a good sign. Maybe. But what if it was serious? What did he do for a living? Was he an axe murderer? What were his intentions towards—

Ugh, he was turning into 
her
—always prying and thinking the worst. Now he knew why she screened his dates first. But 
he'd
 never hang up on her boyfriends, and he would approve more of her dates than she ever had. He couldn't remember bringing a single girl home that she'd liked. Which made her approval of Maddie so much more amazing. Not that he needed her approval, but it was nice to finally have it. 

Except Maddie wanted nothing to do with him. How the hell could he change that? Short of begging, he was all out of options, and he didn't think begging would work on her. Not that she was heartless, just stubborn. 
He smiled, remembering the way she'd refused to jump into the lake with him. Stubborn all right, but damn hot too. 
His mother returned, a plate of scones in one hand and a glass of milk in the other. He groaned. "Mum, I'm not a kid."
"Everyone needs their calcium," she said with a sniff, "including thirty-two year old men." She placed the plate and glass in front of him. "Now, tell me why Maddie Clarke doesn't like my boy. What did you do?"
"Nothing!" He frowned. "And since when is it my fault? Before, you said—"
"I know what I said, but now that I've had time to think about it, I realized you must have said something to upset her. Perhaps she's jealous. Women always liked you, and if she saw you with—"

"She's not jealous." Was she? No, not possible. He hadn't shown interest in anyone else while he'd been with her. He 
wasn't
 interested in anyone else.

"You must have done something. Sensible girls like Maddie Clarke don't break up with boys like you for no reason."
"Boys like me?"
"Yes. You know the sort." She eyed him beneath blue-shadowed lids. "Always getting into trouble, talking back to the teachers and parents. Girls always like those kind of boys. Even the sensible girls. And you were such a rebellious boy, and she was such a sweet girl."

He shook his head. This was surreal. Grown men should 
not
 have conversations about women with their mothers. "Well, she doesn't like me, but I like her. A lot."

His mother reached over and patted his hand again. "Then go talk to her. Trust me. She likes you. She's just playing hard to get."
He smiled. He couldn't help it—she was trying. "I doubt it, Mum, but thanks. I think I will go and see her. She's worth another try."
She gave him that benevolent smile she used whenever he took her advice. "Good. And when you get back we can go through the weekend papers and look for a house for you."
He cocked an eyebrow. "You've changed your tune quick."
"I thought about it in the kitchen and you're right. You are cramping my style."
He chuckled. "What's his name?"
She fingered the hem of her jacket, then sighed and looked up. "Kevin. Kevin Bowcher."
"That name sounds familiar." He frowned as he crossed the living room to the front door. "Didn't I go to school with his daughters?"
A flash of alarm crossed her face. "Uh, yes. You dated them both. More or less at the same time."
"Oh, yeah."
She shooed him out the front door, then closed it behind him. He studied the crisscross of the porch tiles, recalling the twins he'd dated in high school. They were cute, but hard work. One always had to outdo the other. He'd dated Kate for two weeks then had a brief fling with Miranda after she threatened to tell her father he'd taken her sister's virginity if he didn't. And Kevin Bowcher wasn't a man to take lightly. The ex-con had a reputation for—
Ex-con!

Jeez, his mother was dating a criminal. And she thought 
he
 was the rebellious one.




 






CHAPTER 12
 
Ever since she discovered the comfort of chocolate, Maddie had liked to eat her way through a crisis. This one called for the big guns. She sat on her couch, an old Clint Eastwood movie in the video player, and surveyed the spread on her coffee table. Impressive, even by her standards. Two Snickers, a jumbo pack of M&Ms and three Dove bars. With an array like that, she could indulge herself out of any depression. Even this one. 
But it proved to be a tough job requiring more than a few chocolate bars. She needed ice cream. The sinful kind, with real chocolate chips and full cream, the kind that cost more than a meal at some restaurants. But her freezer was empty. Damn, damn, damn.
She paused the video, got up and padded shoeless to the hall table where she always dropped her car keys when she arrived home. Catching a glimpse of Linda Blair's evil twin in the hall mirror, she screamed. She was used to bad hair days—unruly curls like hers guaranteed them—but this was taking the messy look too far. She shouldn't have worn it loose today. Normally she wouldn't but for some reason that had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that Sam said he liked it that way, she hadn't pulled it back into a ponytail.
She headed for the bedroom. If she was going out for ice cream, she needed to look half way decent. And if she had to fix herself up, why not go all the way? If she looked good, she'd feel better, right? 

She shrugged at her image in the cheval mirror. 
A girl can only try.

She shed her track pants, over-sized T-shirt and beige underwear and rummaged in her drawer for the second set of sexy, matching lingerie she owned. This set was riskier. Linda had given it to her for her birthday a few months earlier in the hope of reviving Maddie's love life. It hadn't worked. 

She located the red thong and matching lace bra at the back of her bottom drawer. She studied the thong dangling from the end of her finger. The miniscule strip of material looked like it couldn't cover a freckle let alone a woman's privates. God only knows why women wear them—what was the point? And that piece of string up there 
must
 be uncomfortable. 

But hey, it was meant to make her feel good, so she might as well give it a try. And the bra was the push-up kind, like the one she wore yesterday, and that had been sexy. Right now she needed to feel sexy, just to help her out of her crappy mood. And as long as she stayed dry, no one need know what underwear she wore. 
She wiggled into the thong and poured her breasts into the bra, hooking it at the front. She checked herself out in the mirror and sniggered. She looked like a hooker. Her ass and cleavage never looked so full. Her breasts were so far out there she could rest her coffee mug on them. 

Next came the plunging summer dress that complemented the bra since it revealed way too much flesh. Her fingers skimmed the short hem. Heaven help her if a breeze whipped up. Now 
that
 would get heads turning, for all the wrong reasons. Or maybe it was the right reasons? She had no idea what she was doing but she was going to do it. Maddie Clarke had never taken a walk on the wild side in her life. It was about time she started.

She rummaged through her closet for stilettos but she only owned flat, sensible work ones. No heels. She sighed and caught a glimpse in the mirror again. 
Yikes! What was she thinking! She wanted to look good, not get arrested for street walking. 
She unzipped the dress and was about to step out of it when the doorbell rang. Damn. She zipped it back up and headed for the front door. If this was Linda coming to tell her she was stupid for dumping Sam AGAIN, she was going to send her out for ice cream. 
But it wasn't Linda. Sam Hennessy stood in her doorway, the way he had yesterday and the day before—leaning lazily against the doorframe, ankles crossed, a mischievous twinkle lighting up his blue eyes. When he saw what she wore, the twinkle became a hot blue flame and his jaw dropped to his chest.
"Holy..." His heavy-lidded gaze skimmed up and down her body, twice, coming to rest on the exposed cleavage. He murmured something that sounded like "help" but she couldn’t be certain.

Maddie's skin prickled and heated in all the places his gaze had touched. She swallowed. 
Chin up, girl, don't let him sense your fear.

"Is that what you always wear on a Sunday afternoon at home?" His gaze wandered slowly up to her eyes. A shadow passed across his face and his jaw set. "Or are you expecting someone?"
"Just Linda." She tried to sound calm but it came out as a pathetic squeak.
He blew out a long breath through his nose and his jaw slackened again. "Do you always dress like this for your sister?"

Act cool. Something must have brought him to your door. Just be calm until he tells you what it is.
 "Like what?" She did a mental head smack. This wasn’t going well.

He focused on her breasts again. "Um, never mind."
Maddie crossed her arms beneath her boobs, but that just plumped them up more so she let her hands fall to her sides. "Sam, is something wrong?"
"Hell no," he mumbled, a smile tugging his lips. 
"Then why are you here?"
"Huh? Oh, yeah. I need to talk to you." 
"About?"
"Can I come in first?"
"No."
His foot shifted so it was just inside the door jamb. She couldn’t close the door even if she tried. "Go on. Let me in. This won’t take long."
That’s not how the rumors went. Sam tended to take a looong time over a woman—
He raised his brows at her as if he knew exactly what she was thinking. He was even smirking. Damn him.
The only way to wipe that smirk away was to invite him in. She did, going against every instinct that was screaming at her to shut the door in his face before it was too late. Before she succumbed to his abundant charms once more.
Inside, he plucked the front of his T-shirt. "Is it hot in here?"
"Feels kind of warm. I'll turn the air conditioning up." She stood on tiptoes and reached up to the panel above the door. When she turned around, Sam's eyes had gone glassy.
"Sorry," he muttered, blinking and tearing his gaze away from her thighs. "But I'm just a man and that dress on you is," he sucked in air, "torture."
Now he knew how she felt when he wore, well, anything. "Maybe I should get changed," she said.
"No!" He rubbed his jaw and sighed deeply as he studied her. "Yeah, okay, I think you better. I need to concentrate."
She headed for the bedroom, feeling his hot stare burning a hole into her behind.
"But it goes against every male hormone I possess to let you." 
Maddie shut the door on him, unable to hide her smile. Wow the dress was good. She'd have to remember to wear it when she really did want to impress a guy. She just wished that guy was Sam—for real.

Every male hormone I possess.

The familiar sinking feeling settled into her stomach. She'd almost forgotten, but his hormones reminded her—it wasn't the dress or her body that was making him foam at the mouth, it was Pheramour. She hadn't bathed in it since the day before but the chemicals and essential oils must be lodged deep in her epidermis, and it would probably take more than one shower before it wore off. 
She sat heavily on the edge of the bed. Her life was pathetic. She'd fantasized about one man for more years than she cared to remember, and here he was in her house, drooling on her carpet, and she wasn't going to take advantage of him. She couldn't. Her conscious wouldn't allow it. Her heart couldn't handle it. 
Hell. Why couldn't she just have a fun roll in the hay with him and leave it at that? That's what Linda would tell her to do. 
Yeah, well Linda wasn't thirty, unwed and childless. Linda's plan was on schedule—probably ahead of schedule—and she was used to flirting and having men find her attractive. This was all new territory for Maddie. And knowing that Pheramour was the reason behind the attraction wasn't making it any easier to accept. In fact, it only made it harder.
"Maddie?" Sam called through the door. "I've changed my mind. You can keep the dress on."
She rolled her eyes and almost smiled. "Too late. It's off."
He muttered something that sounded like a swear word. 
She shrugged out of her dress but kept the lingerie on. He wouldn't see anything and she liked the way the bra gave her an extra boost. She stepped into an old pair of jeans and oversized white shirt. She hesitated at the door and undid the top two buttons to reveal just enough cleavage to catch his attention but not enough that he'd walk into walls. 
She sucked in a few deep breaths but it didn't make her feel any less nervous. Best to get it over with. Let Sam say what he wanted to say then she could tell him she had to wash her hair. The sooner he left the better. For both of them.
He was studying the back of the empty DVD cover when she returned to the living room. "You're a fan of Eastwood? I didn't think chicks liked his films."
"I'm not your average chick."
His blue stare grazed over her body, from her pulled back hair to her bare feet. It was no less intense than when she wore the dress. "No kidding." His voice rumbled from deep in his chest and Maddie felt it vibrate deep within hers.
She swallowed. Oh boy. How was she supposed to have a sensible conversation with a man who made her inner thighs tremble? She needed to get rid of him, now, before her heart got broken.
And by the hunger in his eyes, that moment wasn't far away.
Sam couldn't take his eyes off Maddie. She looked hot. It didn't matter whether she wore the barely-there dress or the over-sized shirt, especially when she stood in front of the window and the streaming sunlight outlined her luscious curves through the thin white cotton. She looked incredible, and it never ceased to surprise him that this was Maddie Clarke, intellectual, the little sister of one of his friends. She'd grown into the most amazing woman and he was suddenly glad he'd been away all this time so he could witness this transformation afresh. Somehow, it was easy to miss the important things when they happened right in front of your face. 
He wouldn't have missed this for all the sport on TV. Thank God for his wandering spirit and his spur of the moment idea to return to Melbourne. 
Now, if only he could touch her again.
He blew out a breath as she moved around the living room, avoiding looking directly at him. She picked up the chocolate bar wrappers, plumped up cushions and fussed until things were back in their proper place. He didn't mind. He could stare at her all day doing everything or nothing. She was graceful, her movements fluid, like a lithe cat as she bent, walked or simply stood.

Sam tore his gaze away. He needed to concentrate on not making a fool of himself in front of her. Now 
that
 would be a challenge, especially if she kept standing in front of windows. 

The silence intensified and he tried to think of something to say. Anything to break the awkwardness which she didn't seem to notice. But before he got a chance to mention the great weather they were having, she disappeared into the kitchen. A few moments later he followed her. She stood at the bench and put the kettle on. He watched her move, from the tipping of her head as she poured the water to the swell of her hips as she leaned against the bench. He wanted to touch them, to place his hands on the soft flesh and caress her, from the top of her spine to the cleft of her—
So much for concentrating on something other than Maddie's body.
"Why are you staring?" she asked without turning round. 
"Um, I was just wondering how to ask you something."
She did turn this time. A small dint settled between her brows as she frowned at him. "Don't, Sam."
So much for asking her why they couldn't date anymore. "Actually, I was going to ask you to help me find a place to live."
She leaned against the kitchen bench and crossed her arms, covering those big, beautiful mounds he wanted to lick. 
He tore his attention away from her body and up to her face. He tried to read her thoughts but her blank expression gave him nothing. 
"I need to move out of Mum's," he said. "I'm cramping her style."
"Not the other way round?" 
He cringed at the accusatory tone. She still thought he was the kind of guy to date several women at once? Unfair. He hadn’t done that in years. "Not this time. Believe me, Mum's changed since Dad died. She's discovered life. And men."

"So why can't 
she
 help you find a place?"

"She will. That's what I'm worried about." He swept his hand in an arc. "I like your style. You've got great taste, Maddie. I just thought," he shrugged, "that I could borrow some of that style. Maybe once I get a place you can help me furnish it."
"Don't you already have furniture?"
"Yeah, but it won’t be right. Not...comfortable enough." And what better way to keep her near him than to go shopping with her. Women loved shopping. 
She didn't give him an answer but turned her back and opened a cupboard door. He couldn't help smiling. Her mugs were sorted into colors, darkest to lightest then sub-sorted by size. Not only cute but organized. He needed someone like that to sweep into his life, remove the clutter and put everything where it was supposed to be. Someone to keep him in the same place and on the right track. 
A chill crept across his skin but a rush of heat chased it away. His heart pumped wildly in his rib cage and he sat up straight. This was one of those moments people talked about. The sort of moment that changes a person's life. 
He'd found his soul mate. 



 






CHAPTER 13
 
Maddie frowned. "Something funny?" 
Sam gulped. "No! No, not at all." Oh hell. Was it too early in their relationship to mention the soul mate thing? Probably, considering they currently didn't have a relationship. "I was just thinking you and Mum have a few things in common." He frowned down at the table. "Scary."
"You can say that again." She retrieved two matching blue mugs and placed them on the bench. "That's not something you want to hear from a man. Especially from one whose mother used to call my mother and complain that Linda was leading her son astray."
He winced, glad for the distraction. Nothing like discussing his mother to dampen fiercely intense emotions. "She did that? She was more out of control than I thought."
"I'm sure she's mellowed in recent years. She hasn't had anyone to worry about since you left town."
"Now I'm back," he said on a sigh. He gave her half a smile and she returned it. 
Just like that, the awkwardness was gone and he was having coffee with Maddie Clarke, Linda's little sister. Linda's sexy little sister who was his soul mate. 
"I'm insane aren't I?" he said, not entirely focusing on his conversation with Maddie. 
She laughed. "How is the old ba—, ah, dear, anyway? Still ruling the tennis club with an iron fist and frightening the teachers down at the high school?"
"She was a menace, wasn't she? Remember that time I failed art and she told Mr. Gower he was a decrepit old hippie who wouldn't know creativity if it jumped up and bit his very large nose. I thought he was going to have a heart attack right there in the Principal's office."
She grinned again and her body seemed to relax. She didn’t stand so straight or hold her head so high as if in a battle-stance. He hadn't noticed how tightly strung she was until now. 
Maybe he could massage any remaining kinks out...
"How could you fail art?" she said. "I thought old Flower Power Gower passed everyone."
He shrugged. "Instead of drawing a fruit bowl I drew Mrs. McClary, the English teacher, without clothes on. At Pete's encouragement of course."
She grinned. "You two were impossible in those days." The kettle whistled and she turned round to pour boiling water into the mugs.
"Pete seems to have turned out all right," he said.
"And you?"
"Me? Only the love of a good woman can save me."
She stopped pouring and half-turned to glance at him over her shoulder, her face in profile. Her lips parted as if she was about to say something but closed again and she returned to her task. 
The thudding of Sam's heart echoed in his ears as he waited for her response. None came. He stood and moved towards her. It was now or never. He had to get this over with, tell her he wanted to see more of her. Tell her he'd never felt like this before. Tell her...hell, tell her he was quite possibly, maybe, almost certainly in love. With her.
If he didn't do it, he'd lose his nerve. And Sam had never lost his nerve around a woman before and he was damned if he was going to start now when it actually mattered.
He came up behind her, just as she turned, mug in hand. "Maddie," he murmured.
Startled, she let out a small squeal and jumped. Hot coffee splashed out of the mug and onto him. Down his shirt, onto his jeans. At the crotch.

"Yeow!" He plucked at his T-shirt where the boiling liquid seeped through onto bare skin. He swore loudly as ripped the shirt over his head, then brushed the coffee off the front of his jeans. Thank God for denim. If he'd been wearing any other fabric... 
Ugh
. He would have nightmares thinking about that.

Maddie pressed a damp dish cloth to his chest. "Oh my God! Are you all right? Sam, are you hurt? I'm so sorry." She rubbed the cloth across his chest, pressing her other hand into his shoulder to steady herself or maybe him. 
The cool towel felt good and he closed his eyes and breathed. The scent of Maddie and coffee filled his nostrils as the light pressure of her fingers on his shoulder sent a shudder through him. He wanted to feel those fingers on his back, in his hair, on his thighs and in the place where not even hot coffee could keep him down. 
"Take your pants off."
His eyes flew open. "Huh?"
She ran the cloth under the cold water tap. "So I can put this on your..." She glanced down at his crotch and chewed her lip. "Doesn't it hurt?"
Oh yeah. It ached. But not from hot coffee.
"It's a little warm down there."
She fumbled with his belt. "Then we have to get this towel on quick."
Great, just his luck. His soul mate was trying to get his pants off but only so she could place a cold towel on his erection. Not his idea of a fun time.
He pried her fingers away from his fly before she noticed his growing arousal, and entwined them in his. She didn't untangle them but looked up. Concern furrowed her brow and her eyes searched his.
"Oh, Sam, I'm so sorry. Are you sure you're okay? Maybe you want to go the bathroom."
He shook his head, not trusting his voice. She stood so close he could see the green flecks in her eyes. If he leaned forward, just a little, he'd be able to taste her. 
But she took a step back. She glanced down at his chest and placed her hand against his burning flesh. "You're all red." The furrow deepened. "I feel absolutely terrible. I never spill things. It's just that I wasn't expecting you to be so close and your voice made me jump and the coffee went everywhere—"

He didn't know what to say to shut her up so he kissed her. Slowly at first, exploring, tasting. Then it grew deeper and she sighed against his mouth and he couldn't get enough of her. He gathered her in his arms, crushing her to him. Her nipples rubbed to points through her thin bra and he ached to remove the fabric rudely separating his flesh from her lush breasts. Her body shuddered and he couldn't believe this woman, this woman he'd known forever, this intelligent, beautiful woman, was having that sort of response to 
him
. 

Her fingernails trailed lightly down his back and grabbed his ass, gripping tight. 
"Your ass is mine," she muttered into their kiss. 
Way too many Eastwood movies but he wasn't complaining. She could claim his ass any time she wanted. 
He flicked the buttons on her shirt and spread the flaps open to reveal a path of creamy flesh. He ran his hands over her stomach, her shoulder, her back, unable to get enough of her warmth and softness. Then he took a step back, saw the desire in her eyes and felt his heart grow full. She wanted him. Nothing felt as good as the moment he realized that. 
Maddie had thought she could resist Sam Hennessy, but now she knew she wasn't that strong. No mortal woman could expect to be. He was her fantasy man and just for tonight, she was going to see at least one fantasy fulfilled. Even if it meant living off the memory of it for the rest of her lonely, boring life.
He decorated her throat, her shoulders, the swell of her breasts with delicate kisses. She tipped her head back and moaned, relishing in the heat that rocketed up from her thighs and infused her body. His hot mouth was everywhere, nibbling and sucking and driving her wild.
Some dim vestige of common sense surfaced from the tidal wave of desire swamping her and reminded her that she didn’t do wild. Being wild meant losing control and she definitely didn’t want to do that. Not in front of Sam. She’d sufferend enough embarrassment after the boating incident.
But she couldn’t find it in her to end the encounter. Not when every part of her body screamed for more. She could, however, turn the tables a little.
She bent to explore him with her mouth, kissing away the taste of coffee from each hard nipple. She’d never taken much notice of a man’s nipples before. How they pebbled with each lick. How he seemed to enjoy the way her tongue circled them, flicked with them. He arched into her and groaned.
Oh yeah, he liked it. So what would he do if she went further south? Time for an experiment.
She licked down to his navel where tiny black coils of hair disappeared into the top of his jeans. He moaned. She smiled into his warm skin and unzipped his fly. 
But before she had a chance to reach in further, he tugged her up and caught her round the waist. He lifted her as if she weighed nothing and carried her to the bedroom. He placed her on the bed then stood back. 
And did nothing.
Oh God, what a time for Pheramour to wear off!
But instead of turning away disgusted, his gaze raked across her body, sending fire shooting up her spine, burning her throat, her breasts, her face. 
She sat up and pulled the edges of her shirt together, suddenly self-conscious because, well, it was Sam Hennessy and even his worst dates would've had leaner, better bodies than hers. 
"Um, maybe we shouldn't," she said.
He nodded. "Maybe we should." He crouched beside her and gently but firmly pried her arms away, then kissed her just below the ear. 
She pulled away. "But we're not even seeing each other."
His eyes were hot blue flames as he looked at her. "I see you, you see me, let's have sex."
"But I'm not wearing the appropriate underwear!" She would die if he saw her in the thong.
"I don’t care. You won't be wearing any in a minute." 
He leaned over and kissed her deeply, knocking all sense out of her. How was she supposed to resist him when he kissed like that? He gently pried the shirt off her shoulders and down her arms then stepped back to look at her.
"You're amazing, Maddie." His voice, so close and low, rumbled deep in his chest and awakened a primal urge within her. "I can't get enough of you." 
He unhooked her bra and filled his palms with her breasts, stroking the nipples with his thumbs. She closed her eyes and leaned into him. She might have moaned but she'd never admit to that later.

Later. She didn't want to think about that. She wanted to get lost in the 
now
, in his hands, his mouth, his body. 


He stood and took off his jeans and boxers and his erection sprang free. 
Oh boy
. The graffiti on the girl's toilets hadn't exaggerated. In fact, it hadn't given him justice. She curled her fingers around the thick shaft and stroked, earning a low growl from deep within his chest.

A bead of moisture gathered at the tip and she rubbed it down his length with her thumb, bringing her hand back up before plunging to the base again. She touched her tongue to the second drop that formed, wanting to taste him. 
He pulled away. "No. I won't last." He sucked in air through his teeth and clenched his jaw. "But hold that thought for next time."

He unzipped her jeans, then slowly pulled them down. He stopped the southward progress when they reached her thighs. His knuckles grazed her skin at her hip, just below the side string of her underwear. Damn it, why did have to stop 
now
?

"I thought you said you weren't wearing appropriate underwear." His gaze skittered to her face. "Here's a tip. Thongs are always appropriate."
He removed her jeans then stood back, like Van Gogh admiring his latest masterpiece. A strange little smile crept over his lips and his gaze traveled her body until it met hers. Something odd and fierce dwelled in their blue depths. Not hunger, which she expected, but more...possessive and yet protective at the same time. Primal. 
She’d never seen that look in any man’s eyes before. Not for her. And especially not without her clothes on.
But she’d never made love to a man in the daytime so she might have missed it.
"As much as I love these," he tugged on her thong with a finger, "they’ve got to go." He lifted her ass off the bed then removed the thong with one expert move. "Better," he said thickly. 
He moved on top of her, hovering, and leaned on one arm while his other hand explored her hip. He drew a nipple into his mouth, sucking and releasing then licking over and over until she thought she'd go insane under the assault of pleasure. When the hand caressing her hip moved to her inner thigh and stroked her flesh she knew she was definitely going insane but she didn't care. The movement, slow and sensual at first, increased and she melted into the fingers like an iceberg in the tropics.
Then his finger shifted, just a fraction, and touched her most private place. Oh. Oh! She gasped and bucked into his hand. 
Surprised by her body’s reaction, she shuffled away. "Mmm, that felt good."
"Then why did you move?"
"I..." She couldn’t answer that. Why had she moved? It had felt nice. No, better than nice. It had felt amazing, delicious, thrilling. 
But she couldn’t tell him that. Couldn’t tell him that her body was doing weird things without her consent. Sam’s skilled fingers were making her forget what she was doing and that was bad. Dangerous. Just why, she couldn’t quite work out.
No, she could tell him none of that. She couldn’t even form the words let alone make coherent sentences, so she did the next best thing. She caught his face in her hands and kissed him. Long, deep and hard.
"Enter me," she whispered against his lips. 
He drew back, blinked at her. "But don't you want to—"
"I want you to enter me." Yes. It’s definitely what she wanted. That’s how it went. A bit of foreplay to make her ready—all good there—and then get down to the serious business of intercourse.
"No," he said.
She frowned at him. "What do you mean no?"
"I mean no." Suddenly he looked dark and dangerous, in a tumbled kind of way. "I don’t know about the other guys you’ve had, but I like to give a woman some pleasure first."
"It's okay." 
"No, it's not. I want you to enjoy this."
"I will." She reached down and stroked his erection. It was smooth and hard, like the rest of him. 
He closed his eyes and moaned. "That's cheating."
"I never cheat." She guided him so that the head of his erection pressed against her heat. Oh boy. She was about to do it with Sam Hennessy! 
"Okay," he muttered, "I'm not Superman. Next time I'm going to blow your mind."
She smiled but didn't bother to burst his bubble. There wasn't going to be a next time and her mind was not the blowing kind. It never had been and she'd long ago realized she just wasn't a sensual woman. Orgasms weren't meant for her. 
Sam kissed her mouth as he slid gently into her. A deep moan escaped his throat and his body shuddered. "Oh Maddie," he murmured against her lips.
Oh boy. She squeezed her eyes shut as he filled her. Yes, this was good. Very, very good. She could definitely enjoy sex with him. Nice, safe sex—
"Wait!" 
He froze above her, the muscles in his shoulders and arms straining. "What?" he rasped.
"Condom."
He let out a long breath, flipping the strands of hair that had fallen across his eyes. "Jeez, you scared the hell out of me. I thought you'd changed your mind."
No chance. She was about to find out what all the fuss had been about in high school. But only with a condom.
She rolled over and rummaged in the bottom drawer of the bedside table. "I know they're in here somewhere. I always keep one for emergencies."
"This is an emergency." He nuzzled her left butt cheek. "In fact, it's a matter of life and death for my—"
"Got it." She held up the little silver packet.
"It's not a prize. Hurry up and open it."
She took out the condom and sheathed him, fumbling at first until she got the technique right. "Oh wow," he murmured, "you've got wonderfully sensuous hands." 
He kissed her breast, sucking on a nipple. Then he entered her, slow and sure but not quite all the way in. "You’re so tight," he whispered and she wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not.
He withdrew before plunging to the hilt, making her eyes spring open in amazement. Amazement that she didn’t split in two. 
Hip to hip, they rocked, his thrusts measured, controlled. He sucked on her nipple again and she pushed up to meet his mouth, wanting more of that. Tiny ripples spread through her body and then became bigger waves as Sam picked up the rhythm. Faster, harder he plunged into her, his hot mouth all over her, sucking and licking until she couldn't stand it anymore and wrapped her legs around his waist. The position sent him deeper and she gasped as fire spread through her body. 
That seemed to send him over the edge and he bucked once, twice, with a guttural growl to finish off.
He collapsed beside her, breathing heavily, one leg trapping both of hers. He wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close, kissing her shoulder.
"Maddie," he whispered into her hair, "that was fantastic."
Fantastic didn't even begin to describe it as far as she was concerned. He'd been better than any of her other lovers. The rumors had all been true. He'd lived up to every fantasy she'd ever had of him—and she'd had more than she'd ever admit to. She smiled up at the smudge on her ceiling and thanked the powers-that-be for sending her this one chance.
Oh wow. She'd done it with Sam Hennessy. It! The horizontal mambo! Wait till Cynthia Bolowski heard about this. 
But the smile turned to a frown as a hollowness settled into her chest. She wouldn't be telling anyone. Probably not even Linda unless she blurted it out along with the tears she'd be shedding soon enough. This couldn't happen again. Tomorrow, once Pheramour had worn off completely, sanity would return and Sam wouldn't be interested in the nerd anymore.
A tight knot formed in her gut as her old life flashed before her eyes. A life without Sam. A boring, celibate life.
"Next time," he said in between nibbling her ear, "it’ll be better for you. I won’t let you distract me again."
Next time. If only.
Oh God. What would he do when he found out she'd tricked him into having sex with her?



 






CHAPTER 14
 
Sam loved Sunday afternoon sex. It was lazy, indulgent and kind of wicked. He always felt like he should go to church to confess afterwards. 
But that wouldn't stop him from sinning again. From now on, he planned on having as much Sunday afternoon sex as Maddie wanted. And he was going to give her an orgasm. A mind shattering, body shuddering orgasm. It was about time Maddie Clarke lost some of that iron-willed self-control.
He rubbed his hand over her naked thigh and kissed her shoulder. She looked at him, her eyes heavy with emotion. He drew her closer, wanting to nestle into her softness. She smelled like soap and something sweeter. Flowers? Whatever it was, it smelled great because it was unique to her. He could be blindfolded in a room full of women and he’d be able to pick her out by her scent. 
"You never gave me an answer," he said.
She’d been lying very still against him, only her breathing making her beautiful breasts rise and fall. "About what?"
"About helping me look for a place to live." He nuzzled her throat, kissing and licking the warm flesh. Damn, but she tasted as good as she smelled. He bet she tasted good everywhere. Something to try later. His cock stirred in agreement.
Maddie sat up, her back to him. "I don't think that's a good idea." 
"Why not? If my mother helps me, she'll insist on something around the corner from her, and I don't think I'm ready for that so soon after my arrival back in Melbourne." 
He pressed his hand to her back and rubbed her spine, following the little bumps and crevices with his fingertips. She arched into his touch and threw her head back. A mass of lustrous dark curls tumbled over his hand. He twined one around his finger and watched it spring back up when he let go. It bounced. Kind of like Maddie. She bounced in all the right places too.
He reached around and palmed one of those places. So much softness, almost too much for his big hand. He massaged, taking extra care with her nipple and was rewarded with a moan when he thrummed it. That was enough to bring him to full-blown attention. 
"Come here," he growled and tugged her gently back down to the bed. 
But she resisted and pulled away from him. "I think you should go."
He sat up and moved so he could see her face. "What? Why?" He brushed a knuckle across her flushed cheek. "I thought you enjoyed that. I did."
"Yes, but..." She sighed. "You have to go. I, ah, have to look after the kids tonight."
He frowned. "Pete didn't mention they were going out."
"Pete doesn't have to tell you everything any more." She sounded pissed off. 
He held up his hands. "I know. Well, how about I come round, keep you company after the kids go to sleep."
"No!" She shook her head, eyes wide. "Pete and Linda are really funny about other people having sex in their house."
"I don't blame them! And Maddie," he chucked her under her chin, "I was offering to watch TV with you, have a chat or play poker, not make love to you on their kitchen table."
She turned bright red. "Oh. Right. Well, I still don't think it's a good idea."
Sam knew she was lying about the babysitting but he didn't know whether to confront her or let it slide. He wished she was a little easier to read, but she was more complex than a Rubik’s Cube. He didn't recall his ex-girlfriends ever being this complicated. But then he hadn’t cared about them as much as he cared about Maddie. Maybe that was the difference.
"Why?" he asked.
"Sam, this isn't going to work out."
Oh. So she hadn't changed her mind about their future together. Whatever the problem was, it was still a problem. She made to get off the bed, but he caught her waist and pinned her back down. He kissed her, and she responded with her tongue. 
He withdrew and looked down at her. "Are you mad because I didn't give you an orgasm?"
"No!"
"Oh. Okay. But I will, if you give me another chance."
"No, Sam, no more."
Hell. This wasn’t supposed to happen. They were supposed to have sex and then she would be his. Easy. No sweat. That’s how it always worked. 
But now he was flailing about in the ocean without a lifeboat, and she was the one holding the rope. Only she wouldn’t throw it in. Anger bubbled inside him, but he wasn’t sure who he was angry at. 
Maybe if he’d just given her the orgasm, she wouldn’t be rejecting him. Served him right for being selfish.
"I thought what we just did meant everything was okay between us," he said, hearing the hitch in his voice.
"I suppose it could be read that way, but I'm sorry I gave you the wrong impression."
"Yeah." He stood. "My fault for thinking making love actually meant you liked me." He snatched up his boxers and jeans from the floor and stepped into them. "Stupid me."
"Sam, I'm sorry, I really am."
The plea in her voice made him turn round. She knelt in the middle of the big bed, her feet tucked under her. She looked angelic, beautiful and completely vulnerable. He let out a long breath and sat down on the edge of the bed. He shouldn’t be trying so hard. Trying hard never worked. But he wanted this one so bad it hurt. 
"Maddie, what's wrong?"
Her eyes scanned his face and he thought he was going to get a straight answer but she shook her head and looked down, smoothing the rumpled bed covers. "We're chalk and cheese."
"So? I don't care."
"You will." She got up and searched the room for her clothes. She eventually found her thong covering the photograph of her parents on the dresser. "I have to go, Sam, so..."
"I get the message." He put on his shirt, picked up his shoes and strode out of the bedroom and out of her house. He threw his shoes on the passenger seat of his Porsche and got in, slamming the door. 
Maddie Clarke was the most frustrating woman he'd ever met. He thumped the steering wheel and took off down the street too fast. 
She was also the only woman who'd ever pressed all his buttons at once, the only woman he'd ever wanted to spend all day in bed with, the only woman who made his heart and body crave her touch. It was going to take one hell of an effort to get her out of his head. Especially after the incredible afternoon he'd just spent in her bed. 
***
Mondays sucked. But this Monday sucked even more than usual. Maddie couldn’t concentrate. She’d somehow got to the lab without breaking any road laws despite not thinking straight. Not even two cups of coffee helped her to face her emails. It was definitely a three-cup morning.

She couldn't stop thinking about Sam. Specifically, sex with Sam. It had been amazing. It had also been very, very wrong of her to go through with it considering she knew the fling wasn't going to last. But she was only human and he was 
gorgeous
. And nice. In her experience those two words couldn’t be attributed to the same man, but Sam was proving her wrong. He’d definitely matured.


Which made it so hard to do what she had to do. She had to face him one more time. Now that Pheramour had completely worn off, he'd take one look at her—or whiff—and realize she wasn't the woman for him after all. That part was going to hurt most. For her. Probably 
he'd
 be relieved to know he wasn't turning into a nerd because he was in love with one, or thought he was.

Stupid conscience. If only she had none and could bathe in Pheramour for the rest of her life. But then that would make her just like—
Miles popped his head around her office door. "How'd it go?" He looked like a puppy with a new toy, anxious and excited at the same time. Any more eager and he'd be salivating all over the floor. 
"Good morning to you too."
He sat on the edge of her desk. "Yada yada yada." He took one of her pens out of the holder and tapped it on the desk. "Well?"
She shrugged. "Good, I guess. I got a few dates."
"Really? How many? With more than one man? How far did he want to go?"
She rolled her eyes. "You sound like my sister." She filled him in on Sam's response plus the men at the market, leaving out the amazing sex part.
"That's fantastic!" 
Beaker entered, cup of coffee in hand. "You told him huh?"
"She sure did!" Miles grinned, and Beaker and Maddie recoiled. It was an unnatural sight. "And if you'd stuck around on Friday night we could have tested the response of females."
"Sorry," Beaker said and dipped his head. He wasn’t good with authority figures and Miles had a habit of reminding everyone who was in charge just by a look or a word.
"It was after five-thirty," said Maddie, compelled to stand up for her junior scientist. "And he had a date, didn't you, Beaker. How'd it go, by the way?"
He lifted one shoulder. "Okay, I guess, but—"
"Forget about your date," said Miles, tapping faster. "I want you to use Pheramour for the next few days. Maddie's results will have to do until you can give me a report." The pencil stopped and he smacked his hand on his thigh. "I think Fleur Elise will be happy." He slapped Beaker on the shoulder as he strode towards the door. "I'll come by tomorrow morning to see how you went."
He left and Beaker sighed. "I had a feeling he'd say that." He sat at his desk and opened his notebook, sighing at every turn of the page. "Annie's not going to like this."
"Your girlfriend?"
"Sort of. She gets jealous."
Maddie nearly spewed coffee over her keyboard. "Of whom?"
"Other women. She says they look at me like they want me."
Probably they think he can do their taxes or fix their computers. She couldn't imagine them wanting him for sex. But who was she to burst Beaker's bubble? She was made from the same mold anyway. Two nerds fooling themselves.
"If Pheramour works as well on me as it did on you, it's going to be real hard to convince her I'm not cheating," he said.
"I'm sure she'll understand when you explain it to her."
He shrugged and shoved the notepad away. "It's done amazing things for you, Maddie. You look great. I can't put my finger on what it is, but you definitely seem different."
She frowned. Either Pheramour was still in her skin and he was sensitive to it, or she was still glowing from getting laid. She'd go with the latter. The thought of Beaker being interested in her was creepy. 
"So what did he say when you told him?" he asked.
"Told who, what?"
"This Sam guy." Beaker frowned at her. "You did tell him about Pheramour, didn't you?"
"Uh, not yet." She shrunk under his accusatory glare. "But I'm going to." Any day now. When she could no longer avoid him. She reckoned she could do that for about a week. Longer if she kept away from her sister’s place.
"Good. You don't want to give him the wrong idea."
"Why not?" she asked, even though she knew the answer. Linda’s concerns about leashing Pheramour on an unsuspecting population had been niggling at Maddie all weekend. She just didn’t like admitting it.
"Because it's wrong. The poor guy thinks he's in love."
Yeah, poor Sam. Poor, rich, handsome, cooler-than-a-thin-Elvis Sam. 
"Isn't that the whole point?" she asked, playing devil’s advocate since Miles wasn’t around. "Aren't Fleur Elise marketing Pheramour as a love drug that no one need know you're wearing?"
He thought about it some more. "Oh, yeah, I guess. It seems kind of wrong though" 
"Yeah," she said quietly. Sam had said it. Even Linda, which meant it must really be wrong.
What would Sam think if he knew? Would he ever forgive her? Could they return to being friends, or would he cut her out of his life like a mole.
"I need to speak to Miles," she said, feeling weak.
She left Beaker contemplating the ethics of their job and joined Miles in his office. He hung up the phone as she entered.
"That was Hillary Westgath-Smith from Fleur Elise. She's very excited about the progress." He indicated Maddie should sit. "She's coming here tomorrow so you and Beaker can give her a progress report." 
"That's great." Yeah, peachy. "Look, Miles, I want to ask you something."
"Ask away."
"Have you thought through the consequences of Pheramour?"
"Of course. You'll all get a bonus, don't worry." He leaned across his desk. "There just might be a promotion in it for you too, Maddie."

Promotion? Ethics be damned, this was exactly what she wanted. It would put her right on track for the next few years. And who was 
she
, a mere scientist, to question the ethics of Pheramour? It was up to the individual to come clean about wearing it. It had nothing to do with her. Or Fleur Elise or BioDerma. They were in this to make money for their shareholders and employees. She was in this to get a promotion and tick off another task from her plan. 

Nope, not her responsibility. Nuh-uh.

But it 
was
 her responsibility to come clean to Sam.




 






CHAPTER 15
 

Sam had tried to get rid of his mother all afternoon, ever since Maddie called and said she was coming over after work to tell him something. Hopefully she was coming over to 
do
 something as well, but there was no chance of that if his mother didn't leave. When she re-stated that she had nothing to do and nowhere to go and she'd rather stay and chat to "that nice Maddie Clarke", Sam went on the offensive and called Kevin Bowcher. Five minutes later, Kevin called back and asked his mother out on a date. Sam didn't particularly like the idea of her dating an ex-con, but he couldn't remember why Kevin had ended up in jail and if his mother was okay with it, then so should he be.

But Kevin was late and Maddie was early, so Sam, Maddie and his mother sat in the living room and chatted. Sam was hoping for small talk. Maybe if he mentioned the weather... 
He never got a chance.
"So, why won't you date my Sammy?" his mother asked as soon as she sat down. 
Oh great. Just what he needed to turn his life into a train wreck. "Mum," he warned through a jaw so tight he could hear his back teeth grinding.
"You do know that lots of other girls want to date him," she continued. "Just this morning I hung up on Bec Davies."
Maddie stared at his mother as if she were a creature from outer space. He wished she were so she could beam herself out of there. "I remember Bec," she said.
"I never liked her," his mother went on. "She's not a nice girl like you." She reached over and patted Maddie's knee. 
Maddie smiled weakly. "Thanks. But you shouldn’t have hung up on Bec. She’d be quite a catch from what I hear, and I believe she’s looking for another husband. Maybe you could call her back."
Sam stared at her. So much for getting naked and sweaty with her. She clearly wasn’t about to let him see her thong again.
But he wasn’t about to give up so easily.

"No, I don’t think so," his mother said. "Anyway, I can't hang up on these girls forever. He's very popular, you know. So why 
did
 you dump him? Is it because he hasn't got a job?"

Sam groaned. 
"No, nothing like that," Maddie said in all seriousness.
"Maybe she thinks my mother's too controlling." He gave his mother a glare that hopefully conveyed the message: "shut up before you ruin this for me". 

It didn't work. "Or is it because he's 
too
 popular. I can understand that," she said wistfully. "I'm dating a man who has several other women chasing him." 

Great, his mother was too embarrassed to talk about her affair yesterday but today she wouldn't shut up about it.
"Oh?" said Maddie, leaning away from Sam and towards his mother. "You're dating someone?"
His mother smiled. "Yes. Perhaps you know him. Kevin Bowcher?"
Maddie's eyebrows nearly flew off her forehead. "Really?" She turned to Sam, a wicked gleam in her eye that he didn't like. "Didn't you date his daughters?"
Just his luck. She didn't remember the ex-con part but she remembered the daughters. "Not at the same time," he said.
The doorbell rang and his mother sprang out of her chair and answered it. Kevin stood on the porch and waved. Sam and Maddie waved back but his mother shuffled Kevin off before he could open his mouth. 
Thank God he hadn't come in. How does a man make small talk with his mother's date? And should he enforce a curfew? Maybe he should've, just to give her a taste of her own medicine.
"Your mother seems to be enjoying life," Maddie said calmly. Too calmly. 
"Yes, but not always her own."
She smiled, but a frown quickly chased it away. "Look, Sam, there's something I need to say."
"Right." Why did he feel so nervous? Probably because Maddie's face had "bad news" written all over it. "Do you want a drink before we get started?"
She shook her head. 
"Scone?"
"No."
"Is it too warm in here?" He stood. "Should I turn up the air conditioning?"
"No. And quit stalling."
He wiped his palms down the front of his jeans and sat. 
"It's not that bad anyway, depending on your point of view."
He relaxed. That was a relief. He was an optimist. Whatever the problem was, they could work it out now that she was prepared to talk to him. He went to sit beside her on the couch but she sidled closer to the armrest and he found himself high and dry. Not a good sign. 
"Do you remember the other day, when I told you what I was working on?"
"A love potion. What's that got to do with... Oh." He frowned and stared down at the beige carpet, not believing what he was hearing. This wasn't happening to him. It couldn't be. No way.
"Yeah," Maddie said quietly. "So you see, this whole thing is," she waved a hand in the air, "not real. I bathed in Pheramour before I saw you and ever since then, you've been, um, very attentive."
It really was happening. He looked up at Maddie and searched her face to see if she was joking but she just chewed her lip and shrugged apologetically. Hell. 
He'd fallen in love with a bottle of chemicals. 
"So none of this is real?"
"No. Sorry."

He blinked at her. 
Sorry
. She was 
sorry
. Sorry for the trouble she'd caused, sorry for the ache in his heart, the churning in his gut, sorry for the fool she'd made of him the last few days. 
She
 was sorry. Well hell, not half as sorry as he was. He'd actually thought he'd liked her. Maybe loved her. Thank God she'd kicked him out of her bed before he'd made the stupid mistake of telling her. 

He had so many questions, so many things to say to her, and yet all he could utter was, "Why?" because it was the shortest and he didn't trust his voice yet.
She shrugged. "Because you were there."

Oh, good. He was 
there
. "Glad to know I made it all nice and convenient for you."

Maddie winced. "Sam, please, it wasn't like that." She flushed and he guessed it was exactly like that. He just happened to be around at the time she needed a man. Lucky him.
"I thought we had something special," he said flatly. He stood and strode around his mother's living room. He needed to walk. Maybe if his legs moved then his brain would start working again, because right now it had shut down. "I thought this feeling," he clutched the T-shirt over his heart, "was real."
She didn't answer.
"Maybe," he said, pacing across the Oriental rug, "maybe it's not working." He paused to look at her. She was so incredibly beautiful, sitting on the end of his mother's couch in her business skirt and stiff white shirt. Wait a minute. How could he still think she was beautiful if the love potion had worn off? 
"Maddie, are you wearing it now?"
"No, but there's still some lodged in my epidermis."

He sat next to her and took her hand. "Maybe it's not working. Maybe this 
is
 real." He was aware he was talking too fast. He sounded desperate. He didn't care.

She snapped her hand out and turned away. "It's working. You must have noticed all the men looking at me at the market on Saturday."
"Maybe they were looking because you're a beautiful woman."
"They never used to look. Trust me, I've been in this body for thirty years, and I've never had as much attention as I had on Saturday. Pheramour makes people of the opposite sex attracted to the wearer." She turned back to him. "That's why you still think I look beautiful. It'll wear off after a few more showers."

He sat back and stared at her for a long time then he stared at the carpet again because looking at her hurt. 
It wasn't real.
 None of this was real. 

He wasn't in love. 

Most guys would have been relieved to discover that. Hell, 
he
 would've been relieved a week ago. Not now.

"Sam? Are you okay?"
He laughed but it sounded hollow. "Just great. My whole life has been turned upside down, so yeah, I feel wonderful. You?"
"I'm sorry—"
"So you said."
"I really am. I didn't think you'd take it this hard. I thought you'd be happy."
"I am happy, can't you tell?" His voice had risen a notch but he couldn't help it. He just wanted to yell and shout and tear out his heart because it hurt too much. "You must really hate me, Maddie." 
"No! I don’t. Sam—"
"Yes, you do. Only someone who hates could make another person willingly feel this way. What did I ever do to deserve your hatred? Why the hell would you want to hurt me like this?"

She flinched and recoiled into the arm of the couch and he felt bad that he'd scared her with his raised voice. The damned Pheramour must still have a strong affect because as angry as he was, lashing out at Maddie didn't make him feel better. It just made him feel like crap, and that made him angrier because 
she
 was the one who'd done the wrong thing here, not him. 
He
 shouldn't feel guilty. 

Damn it, he should have stayed in Sydney where the women used old fashioned methods to make a man fall in love like makeup, high heels and short skirts. 
"I don't hate you, Sam, I—"
"Then why are you doing this to me? What have I ever done to you? I was always nice to you, even when we were kids and Pete used to tease you."
Her head snapped up. Finally, he'd got a reaction from the ice queen. Maybe now he'd get some answers.
"Nice to me!" She stood, fists clenched at her sides. "Your memory is very selective, Sam Hennessy. Typical man."

Now it was suddenly 
his
 fault. His and the entire male population. At least he wasn't alone. 

"Maddie, what are you talking about?"
"You really don't remember?" She sneered. Her eyes flashed and brimmed with emotion.
He'd never seen her this angry and he racked his brain to remember what could possibly have happened to make her so mad at him. But he couldn't remember anything except that he liked her and wanted her. Hadn't it always been that way? 
He shook his head slowly. "No, but I'm sure you'll tell me."
"You called me a nerd, Sam."



 






CHAPTER 16
 
"A nerd?" Sam frowned, trying to remember. "When?"
"I was in ninth grade." Maddie crossed her arms. "I was trying to help you and you shot me down."
He shook his head to clear it. This was totally surreal. He couldn't remember a damn thing about Maddie from high school except that she was smart. "Help me? Maddie." He reached for her but she shrugged him off and he let his hands drop to his sides. "I don't remember saying anything mean to you."
"That's because I was beneath your notice most of the time. Except when you deigned to remind me of my status." She stood and snatched her bag off the floor.
Oh hell, she was leaving. Not like this. "Wait, don't go." But she headed towards the door. He strode after her and caught her arm. "Maddie, wait." He spun her round but she wouldn't lift her eyes past his chest. "Are you saying you did this to me, used this Pheramour stuff on me, as revenge for calling you a nerd in high school?" If his heart wasn't aching he'd laugh at how ridiculous that sounded.
Maddie gritted her teeth. He'd got it all wrong. In fact, he didn't seem to get it at all. None of it. Not the nerd part and especially not the Pheramour. "No, of course not. You were convenient, that's all."
He rolled his eyes and laughed without humor. "Convenient. How fortunate."
Why was he so mad? What did he care? He should be relieved to be off the hook. He could get on with his normal life and pick up where he left off fifteen years ago when he left Melbourne. There didn't seem to be a shortage of his old high school girlfriends wanting to reminisce. 
Pheramour must be lingering a lot longer than the preliminary tests had indicated. Or perhaps its effects were more potent on Sam than other men. She'd have to put that in her report tomorrow.
"Look," she said, spreading her fingers, "let's go through this logically. When I brought up the nerd thing, I was just trying to get a point across."
He glared down at her. But instead of recoiling, the angry flame in the blue depths only made him sexier, irresistible. She suddenly knew how moths felt. Sam was more alluring, more dangerous than any drug. Men like him didn't need love potions, they exuded sexual energy from every pore. She was addicted to him and her wings were getting burned with every passing second.
"And your point would be?" he growled. 
"Oh, come on," she said, trying to hold her own against the power of Sam Hennessy, "you don't think the nerd and the cool guy can have a real relationship do you? Not without something to push it along, a catalyst to make you attracted to me." She shrugged in what she hoped was a casual manner, feeling anything but casual about confronting him. "So that made you the perfect man for the experiment."

"Gee, thanks. I'm so glad you found me 
useful
."

She swallowed. She deserved his anger and she'd have to bear it. He had every right to hate her. She'd manipulated him, used him, and if the situation was reversed she'd be just as furious.
"I really am sorry," she said lamely. "But you'll get over it soon enough and forget all about me and this weekend. You’ll go back to your normal life." An interesting life, filled with interesting people, not nerds like her. 
Her heart battered so hard against her ribs, her entire body felt the vibrations. She would be nothing more than an aberration to him by the end of the week, another notch on his bed-post.
A muscle worked in his jaw and he was breathing like he'd just run a marathon. She'd screwed up. Big time. Pheramour shouldn't be working if she hadn’t bathed in it for a few days but obviously it did. Not only was she an unethical nerd but also a lousy scientist.
"Good," he sneered. "Because my old life was much easier than this one." He turned but didn't walk away. "You know, you were right."
"About what?" she asked in a small voice.
"Women like you and guys like me shouldn't be together." He shook his head. "What the hell was I thinking?"
His bitter words sliced through her and Maddie could actually hear the rip as her heart tore in two. She definitely deserved that but it hurt like hell to hear. 
She bit her lip to stop it wobbling but it didn't stop the tears from welling. "I better go."
He said nothing but clenched his fists into balls, turning his knuckles white. His broad shoulders slumped and she wished she could see his face. Then again, maybe it was just as well that she couldn't. The situation was bad enough.

"I guess I'm not going to know if this is real or not for a while yet," he said, his voice distant, "but 
you're
 not affected by Pheramour." He turned into profile so she could see the hard lines of cheek and jaw. There was so much power in that face. And anger. "Tell me you feel nothing for me and I'll forget about you."

The room spun and she gripped the door handle to regain her balance. When the world stopped moving, she lifted her gaze to look at him. His back was rigid as he waited for an answer. 
"I don't love you, Sam."
She opened the door and left.
***
Sam considered running after her, but behaving like a lovesick teenager wasn't going to change the way Maddie felt. 
She didn’t love him. 
Nor would it change the way he felt. But how did he feel? He wasn't sure anymore. He wasn't sure of anything except the fact he needed to find a place of his own because his mother would be back soon with Kevin and he really didn't want to be around to see their goodnight kiss or suffer her questioning.
What a mess. How had something so wonderful descended into immature sniping? Just like when they were kids, if Maddie could be believed. 
Had he ever called her a nerd? Probably. He hadn't been the misunderstood teen his mother deluded herself that he was, but he didn't remember ever having that thought about his best friend's girlfriend's kid sister. She was simply there—quiet, bookish Maddie Clarke. 
If he got it right, and he wasn’t a hundred percent on that, he was being punished for something he'd done fifteen years ago. Maybe it was the universe's version of justice by making him fall in love with the woman he'd teased at school. But he didn't believe in karma. This was someone's sick sense of humor. Maddie's. 
She wanted revenge for the nerd comment and she'd used the love potion to do it. Pheramour. His soul mate turned out to be a chemical solution. 
He laughed loudly. Soul mates. No wonder he'd fallen so hard and so fast for someone so obviously unsuitable. She was right in that at least—they were totally different. She was too smart, too competent, for someone who drifted from city to city, job to job and girlfriend to girlfriend. 
He was such an idiot. Falling head over heels for Maddie—or anyone—was bound to happen. He'd come home to Melbourne expecting to start his dream business and find the love of his life. With pressure like that, of course he was going to latch onto someone too fast. And with the added inducement of chemical attraction, it was inevitable she’d been the one. He hadn’t stood a chance. 

He sighed. In that case, it wasn't really Maddie's fault. Not entirely. 
He
 was the one who wanted to believe it was love. He'd 
made
 Pheramour work as well as it had.

Someone giggled on the front porch. His mother had returned from her walk with Kevin the ex-con, father of two girls that Sam used to date around the time he called Maddie a nerd. 
Jeez, he needed time out. His life was getting way too complicated.
***
At work the following day, Maddie was contemplating love and sex and all the accompanying emotions as she watched Fred and Wilma in their cage. They pressed their little mice noses together, sniffed each other's fur and took it in turns to run on Fred's wheel. They looked like two mice in love. If only her love life could be as simple. Fred probably never called Wilma a nerd. Wilma probably wasn't one.
Beaker stuck his finger through the wire and scratched Wilma's back. "Aren't they cute?"
"Yeah, real cute," said Maddie. "I wish they'd kill each other."
Beaker made kissy noises at the mice. "So Sam didn't take the news well?"
"As well as can be expected." 
"That bad, huh?"
"Worse. I'll have to go see him again once Pheramour has completely worn off just to prove to him that what he's feeling isn't real." 
He'd be relieved. Thank God she hadn't told him she loved him. What a nightmare that would have been once he snapped out of his Pheramour-induced affection. She'd done too many embarrassing things since seeing Sam again, she didn't need to add that to the list.
She watched the mice for a while then wrote in her notebook that Fred had been running on his wheel for five minutes while Wilma watched. Boy, her life was exciting. Who needed relationship dramas when she could watch two mice courting? "Don't distract her with the back scratch," she said, "she's supposed to be focusing on Fred."
Beaker withdrew his finger.
"So how'd it go with you last night?" she asked, hoping for a distraction.
"Great. Annie couldn't get enough of me." He grinned.
She screwed up her nose. "Too much information. And you were supposed to try it on women who aren't already in love with you."
He slumped against the lab bench. "I know. But I really hate clubs and I wasn't sure where else to meet women."
"And Annie just happened to come around, right?"
He blushed. "Don't tell Miles. I sort of skipped over the particulars when I gave him my report."
Maddie placed her notebook and pen on the bench. "This has been the worst experiment I’ve ever conducted."
Beaker held up his hands in surrender. "Okay, okay, I'll go to a couple of clubs tonight. Jeez, Maddie."
She shook her head. "No, it’s more than that. It’s Pheramour. You were right. Everyone was right, even my sister and that’s not something you’ll ever hear me say again."
Beaker stared at her. "What are you talking about?"
"Pheramour could mean the end of social interaction as we know it. Sexual chaos."
Beaker's face turned scarlet. "Sounds...intesting."
"Messy more like. Imagine everyone running around thinking they're in love with everyone else. What a nightmare!"
His eyes glazed over. "Yeah. Nightmare."
The lab door swung open and Miles stalked in, followed by a feminine replica of himself. The stiff, unsmiling blonde wore an expensive black and white suit, her perfume so overpowering that Fred and Wilma's noses twitched double time and Maddie choked on the cloying scent. Miles introduced her as Hillary Westgath-Smith, Marketing Director of Fleur Elise. Maddie shook her hand. It was limp and cool. 
"Maddie and Beaker are the biochemists on the Pheramour project. They're also our pilot users," said Miles, smiling like he'd won lotto and wasn't sharing a cent of it. "Tell Hillary your results."
Maddie did, followed by Beaker. 
"That's very encouraging," said Hillary, tapping one palm tree painted, square-tipped fingernail against her shapely thigh. 
Maddie gritted her teeth and resisted the urge to snap the nail off. "Hillary," she said, "has your company thought about the ramifications of Pheramour?"
"We expect a ten percent profit in the first quarter, but after an intense marketing push into—"

"I mean the 
social
 ramifications. You know, everyone falling in love and having sexual relations with everyone else." 

Hillary and Miles flushed similar shades of pink. "Uh, well—"
"I think you and I should discuss this later," said Miles, glaring at Maddie. He placed his hand on Hillary's back and steered her out of the lab. "Come by my office at five," he said over his shoulder.
"I think I'm in trouble," Maddie said when they were gone.
"Deep," said Beaker with a snort. "Miles doesn't like dissent amongst the troops, especially in front of the clients."
Great. Her life was sliding downhill fast. 
At five minutes past five it was no longer sliding but hurtling, head over heels, completely unstoppable. 
She went to sit in the chair opposite Miles when he said, "Don't bother. You're fired."



 






CHAPTER 17
 
"I'm a loser," Maddie wailed. She thunked her head lightly on Linda's kitchen table.
"You're not a loser," said Linda, pulling a face at Ronan sitting in his high chair to encourage a smile. "You're just occupationally challenged."
"You're not helping."
"Of course I am." Linda snapped off a square of chocolate from the large block in front of her and slid it across to her sister. "I’m offering chocolate aren’t I?"
Maddie dabbed at her eyes and ate the chocolate. "If you were helping, you'd have given me twice as much."
"Sorry. What was I thinking?" Linda broke off four more pieces, gave two to Maddie and kept the other two for herself. 
"You were thinking your sister is such a loser," Maddie groaned and popped a block into her mouth. 
"I was not. I was wondering how you were going to get your hands on the formula for Pheramour now."
"Linda! Pheramour's the reason I'm unemployed. This is such a mess. I'm such a screw up." She thunked her head again but this time it hurt so she ate another piece of chocolate for the pain.
"You're not a screw up." Linda squeezed her arm then turned her attention to Ronan when he fisted his hands and ground them into his eyes. "You'll get through this, Mad. Look at Sam. He changes jobs all the time."
"He doesn't get fired from them! And don't talk to me about Sam. This is all his fault."
"I thought it was Pheramour's."
"Sam's the one who first suggested Pheramour was unethical."
"Then I guess it's just as much my fault."
Maddie opened her mouth to agree, when Linda said, "Speaking of Sam, what did you do to him?"
"Nothing! I swear!"
"Then why did he take off to Sydney on the spur of the moment?"
Maddie's heart dove. He ran away? "Oh God, I drove him out of town."
"You didn't drive him out. He's only gone for a few days to finalize everything there. Pete said something about a dog."
"Chewy." Maddie eyed the last square of chocolate. "Do you have any more? Alcohol would be good too."
Linda stood. "We've only got beer, but I've got a stash of chocolate liqueurs. I have to hide them from Pete in the cupboard with the baking trays. He'll never look there unless for some miracle he gets the urge to bake." She rummaged through the trays and pulled out a box of brandy liqueurs. She handed the box to Maddie who tore the wrapping off and popped one in her mouth. Warm brandy poured onto her tongue and slid down her throat.
"Mmmm. I love these."
"Me too. Hand them over. Tell me more about what you did to Sam."
"I told him about Pheramour."
"You did what? Maddie, are you insane?"
"Very possibly. Miles definitely thinks I've lost the plot."
"I don't care what that little jerk thinks." Linda reached for another chocolate. "Why did you tell Sam? Everything was going so well."
"I had to. I couldn't use Pheramour forever. I didn't want to. I suppose I wanted what we had to be...real."
"But did you have to bring up the nerd thing too?"
Maddie met her sister's gaze. "He told you?"
"He told Pete. Sam asked Pete if he could remember ever calling you a nerd. Pete said he used to say it all the time but neither of them could remember Sam calling you that. Are you sure you didn't imagine it?"
"Years of teenage angst do not lie." Maddie buried her head in her hands and groaned but she had to lift it again when she grew dizzy. "I feel sick."
"You'll be fine."
"How will I be fine? I'm unemployed and my love life sucks. The last guy I went out with only dated me because I drugged him."
"You did not drug him, you," Linda searched for the right word, "coerced him."
"I tricked him." Maddie bit her wobbling bottom lip. "I'm a nerd, a bitch and a loser."
Linda came round the table and placed her arm around her sister's shoulder. "You'll be fine. You've got some savings in the bank."

Maddie knew Linda wouldn't understand. How could she? She'd gone straight from college to marriage and babies. Her goal in life was to 
not
 get pregnant. Women like Linda didn't need schedules and plans, they ran on chaos and nervous energy, tossing from one thing to the next but still managing to have a great life and look beautiful. 

Maddie needed deadlines. She needed order and patterns. Without them, her life fell apart and every day was like a bad hair day. If that made her a freak then so be it. That's the way she was and she couldn't operate if things didn't go the way they were supposed to. 
Right now, things were far from being where they should be. Maddie could cope with being thirty and not having a husband and children but that was because she had her career. Now she didn't have anything except bills to pay and a future that yawned before her like a barren desert. Who'd employ someone who'd been fired from their previous job? Not any company she'd want to work for.

Maddie left when Pete arrived, but not before he gave her the third degree over what she'd done to Sam. Why did everyone blame her? Pheramour was definitely her fault, but 
he'd
 called 
her
 a nerd. So what if it was fifteen years ago, it still hurt like it happened yesterday. Anyway, they wouldn't feel sorry for him soon. Once she saw him again and he realized he wasn't in love with her anymore, 
she'd
 be the one needing their pity. 

Because her love wasn't going to fade after a few more showers.
***
The phone was ringing when Maddie arrived home. She snatched it up. Maybe Sam...
"Hello?"
"Maddie? It's Beaker."
"Oh."
"Miles told me what happened after you left. Why didn't you come back to the lab and say goodbye?"

Because I didn't want everyone looking at me like I'm a loser.
 "I hate goodbyes."

Silence, then, "Yeah, me too." Beaker paused and Maddie rolled her eyes, wishing he'd get it over with so she could crawl into bed with a tub of ice cream. 
"Hey," he finally said, "there's something you should know."
"Miles has contracted a rare penis shrinking disease?"
Beaker chuckled. "You're not bitter or anything are you? No, Miles is okay, for someone who might be out of a job soon too."
"Miles is getting fired?"
"Maybe. Pheramour's not working on Fred and Wilma anymore. They can't stand each other. I'm beginning to think it never worked."
"It does! I'm living proof."
"Are you sure? When I used it, only Annie responded. None of the women at the lab found me more attractive."

More
 attractive? Maddie couldn't help smiling. 

"And you've only got that Sam person. One response is not conclusive proof."
"There were others at the market. Honest. Men kept looking at me."
"Were you wearing something different? Maybe you had your hair down. You do look, well, um, hot when it tumbles over your shoulders. And you've got a great body, so if you wore something tight..." He sucked in a breath. "I think I better shut up now."
She frowned. "You're delusional, Beaker."
"Am I? What about Sam? Maybe he's smitten."
"Sam Hennessy has never been smitten with anything in his life. Except maybe with his car."
"I gotta go, Maddie, but think about it. Pheramour is definitely not working and now that Hillary What's-Her-Name knows it, she's going to be advising her company to pull out of the deal. Miles made us all stay back late to save his bacon but I don't think we can." He sighed down the line. "We're all screwed."
When he hung up, Maddie plopped on the couch because the living room was spinning and her head felt like it would explode. 
After a few minutes she got up again because she couldn't think clearly without ice cream. She plodded to the kitchen, opened the freezer door and stuck her head inside. The shock of the cold blast startled her brain into action and she breathed deeply for the first time since hanging up from Beaker. 
Oh God. What the hell was going on?
If Pheramour didn't work, then... 
"Sam actually likes me." Wow. Now that's not something a girl gets to say every day. She sat at the kitchen table, spoon poised above the chocolate chip ice cream and burst into laughter. Sam Hennessy liked her and she was eating ice cream! Why was she wasting time?
She ran into the living room and dialed Linda's number. Pete answered.
"What's Sam's phone number in Sydney?"
"Maddie? Is that you? You sound different. Desperate."
"I am and stop stalling. Give me his number."
"So you want to speak to him now, do you?" He sounded annoyed. "You've changed your tune since yesterday."
She counted to five and let out her breath slowly. "Pete, I know you're upset on Sam's behalf, but there's really no need. I want to talk to him. It's all okay now." She tried to sound perky which was difficult when she wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him.
"I don't know, Mad, he was pretty upset. He even threatened to give up dating women altogether." There was a pause. "Not that he's going to start dating men of course, it's just—"
"PETE! Shut up and give me his Sydney number."
"Hey, don't shout. Jeez, you're more demanding than my kids. Anyway, I don't know his number. He sold his Sydney apartment and left Chewy with friends. I think he was staying with them for a few days till he got his head around everything."
"And you don't have their number?" 
"No."
"What about his mobile phone?"
"Company phone. He had to give it back when he quit and hasn’t got another one yet. Why don’t you try Mrs. Hennessy. I'm sure the old busybody knows how to contact him."
Maddie winced. "But she's so...scary."
"Yeah. I wouldn't call her if I were you, especially if Sam told her about Pheramour. You're probably number one on her hit list."
"Thanks anyway."
"No problem-o. So, Mad," he said too casually, "I thought it was over between you two. Or should I say non-existent."
"Pheramour doesn't work."
She heard him blow out a breath. "That's good. I guess."
Maddie didn't like his tone. "But?"
"Well, what about the nerd thing?"
Yeah, the nerd thing. The thing where she was one and he wasn't. Nerds don't date cool men. They drool over them. They fantasize about them. Then they go back to their safe, predictable men—men who don't change jobs and homes and relationships every other week; men who don't make their stomachs mushy with one smoldering glance.
"Thanks for reminding me," she said, and hung up before he could say anything to further destroy her ego.

Women like you and guys like me shouldn't be together.

He'd said it himself when reality had returned with a crash yesterday. A woman like her couldn't possibly interest a man like him. Not enough to make him want to be with her every waking moment, or make his skin ache with longing to touch her. 
She picked up the ice cream and stabbed her spoon into the tub, digging out a mouthful. She licked the spoon clean and struck the chocolate chip again. And again. She really was a loser. Her life was a mess—and she had no one else to blame. 
At least she'd always have those two days when he'd forgotten what she was—a nerd.
She scooped up another spoonful of ice cream. Maybe if she'd hidden her nerdy side, he'd have continued to like her. Maybe if she'd jumped in the water with him. Maybe if she hadn't told him about her schedule, her plans for the future. Maybe. Too many maybes and not enough ice cream. She dipped her spoon in and hit the bottom. Empty. The universe was conspiring against her. 



 






CHAPTER 18
 
On their morning jog, Sam told Chewy about Maddie. He told her about the cute way she rolled her eyes at him when he said something ridiculous, how hot she looked in a wet T-shirt and that she was the smartest woman he'd ever met. Chewy just looked up at him with big, brown sympathetic eyes that said "I know it hurts." Either that or "Shut up, you're driving me nuts." It was sometimes hard to tell with Chewy. He only had two expressions. The big, dopey-eyed look or the "I'm so excited I'm going to pee" look which he reserved for walks and food. 
It didn't matter because Sam loved him and he knew Chewy loved him back. Now, how hard was that? Why couldn't his relationship with Maddie be that simple? 
Probably because she couldn't be bought with dog biscuits and a back scratch. He wished he knew what Maddie could be bought with because he'd race out and buy it, hang the cost. 
The rhythmic pounding of his Nikes on the pavement was briefly interrupted as he dodged a kid wobbling on his bicycle. He swiped at his forehead, sending drips of sweat onto the pavement and Chewy's back. 

He couldn't remember how long they'd been jogging for, but he didn't care. It felt good. The solid 
thump thump
 of his shoes on concrete keeping time with the 
thump thump
 of his heart was reassuring and real. 


Being in love with Maddie was 
not
 real.

Usually Sam was a pretty optimistic kind of guy. The glass was never half empty and there was always something better around the corner. But as each hour passed, it got more difficult to be positive. Things had never been like this with his other girlfriends. He could always walk away from them, a little sad, sure, but not like this. Not the aching gut kind of pain he was in now. 
Mind you, his exes had never used a love potion on him either.
He should just walk away from Maddie, leave Melbourne again. Forever. It would be a hell of a lot easier than waking up every day in the same city as her and not be able to touch her. But before he made a final decision, he had to see her one more time. Hopefully when he returned, Pheramour would be out of her system and she'd be back to her usual self. Then he'd take one look at her and feel nothing. His heart wouldn't palpitate, he wouldn't get an erection and he wouldn't want to pick out china patterns with her. He'd feel nothing.
God, he hoped that's the way it would go, because she sure didn't feel anything for him. 

I don't love you, Sam
. 

***
Maddie spent Wednesday in bed with chocolate. She got up only to replenish her supplies. She ignored the phone when it rang. Which was a bad idea because, at three o'clock, Linda hauled her tribe over to Maddie's place.
"Have you called Sam's mother yet?" she demanded. She thrust a wriggling Ronan at Maddie and ushered the other two inside, then bent to pick up the sports bag she’d dropped at the door in order to ring the bell.
"What's in there?" Maddie was going to ignore her sister's questions for as long as she could.
"Nappies, a change of clothes for Ronan, fruit bars for when those two get hungry and toys. Which reminds me, do you know anything about Palm Beach Barbie's missing arms and legs?"
"Not a thing. And if you don't mind me asking, why are you here?"
"To make you feel better."

Maddie watched as David jumped on her cream couch in his dirty shoes and Emily knocked over a vase, spilling water and flowers on the carpet. Yeah, she was feeling 
so
 much better already.

"Emily! Be careful. And sit properly on Auntie Mad's couch, David. Sorry, Sis, I'll clean up the mess." Linda darted into the kitchen.
"Don't worry," Maddie said, "everything else is ruined, so why not my house too."
Ronan wriggled, but when Maddie wouldn't let him down he screwed up his face and screamed.
"Linda, what's wrong with him?"
Linda reappeared with a towel. "He's tired. It's nap time."
"You brought him here at nap time? This is not a day care center."
"Ooopth."
Maddie and Linda swung round, just in time to see a wooden statue of the Egyptian goddess Isis rock from side to side on its pedestal, gathering momentum until it finally toppled over onto the floor. 

"Emily! David! Get outside 
now
!" Linda pointed at the back door. They didn't move. Maddie didn't blame them. She'd be paralyzed with fear too if Linda yelled like that at her. 


Linda took a step towards them. "
One, two...
" On three, they were out the door. "We better go sit on the porch and make sure they don't kill each other." She took Ronan and jiggled him in her arms. 

Ten minutes later, Maddie had changed out of her pajamas and into a cool summer dress and brought out a tray of coffees, chocolate biscuits and two plastic cups filled with red cordial.
"Oh, Maddie," said Linda shaking her head. "What are you giving my children to drink?"
Maddie frowned. "I thought cordial was okay."
David's eyes lit up as he trotted over. "Cool! Red cordial." 
"Cool, wed cor-wial," Emily echoed.
"They'll be bouncing off the walls for the rest of the day," said Linda. "Maybe I'll just leave them here all night."
"Oh." Maddie loved her niece and nephew but they were hard work. They liked their Auntie to read all their books to them and play every game before bed time—that's if she could coerce them into going to bed. Maddie wasn't in the mood for Hurricanes Emily and David tonight. Tonight she wanted to wallow in self pity because tomorrow was a big day—it was the day she was going to get her life back on track. 
Emily and David took their biscuit and cup to the porch steps and sat down while they munched. 
"Ah, peace and quiet," said Linda. 
Ronan took that as a cue to let out a long, loud wail. Linda rocked him until he settled but by then the other two had finished and started playing again. Playing meant yelling, kicking, punching and crying. As the only one with her hands free, Maddie became adjudicator. After separating them into their neutral corners for the sixth time she slumped into the seat next to her sister.
"I'm exhausted," she said. "I don't know how you do it."
"I've learned to pitch my voice at just the right level to induce fear. It saves a lot of trouble."
"How's the baby? Kicking?"
"Not yet. Don't worry, I'll keep you informed of everything as soon as it happens. You won't miss a thing."
Good, because living through Linda was the only way she was going to ever experience pregnancy. Tomorrow she was going to draw up a new schedule and it wouldn't involve children. Or men. And at the rate she was going, not a career either.
She sighed. She couldn't even plan right anymore.
"You're still thinking about him, aren't you?"
Maddie stared down at her lap. "Yeah. I really screwed up, Linda."
"Not yet. Give him a chance to calm down. Talk to him when he gets back to Melbourne. It'll be okay, I promise."
The softness of her voice surprised Maddie and she lifted her gaze to her sister's. Affection and sympathy swam in Linda’s eyes. Great. Her life must be pathetic if Linda felt sorry for her.
"What if he doesn't come back?" The question had bugged her all morning and had driven her to eat more chocolate than she should have. "He has a habit of leaving when things don't go his way."
"No, he has a habit of leaving when he wants a change. And I don't think he wants things to change."

"Not yet." Maddie sighed. "But if he doesn't come back I'll know he finds me boring and isn't interested in the 
nerd
."

Linda clicked her tongue and rocked Ronan who was losing the battle to keep his eyes open. "You're not boring, Maddie. And stop with this nerd stuff. So what if he said it when he was seventeen. That was a hell of a long time ago. You've changed since then."

"Yeah right, I've got a great career and men fall over themselves to date me. No wait, I must have read that in 
Who
 magazine."


"Maddie, stop beating yourself up over this. You 
have
 changed." She leaned forward, holding Ronan to her, and lowered her voice. "Look, this is going to kill me, because I'm your sister and, well, it's my job to tease you, but you've turned into a gorgeous, sweet, fun woman who's great to be with." She sat back with a glare that defied Maddie to argue with her.

"So where are the men beating down my door?"
"They're not beating down your door because they don’t know where it is. You don't go out and meet anyone. You only know men from work and the occasional guy Pete's set you up with. And you intimidate most of them. You're smart, they're not and you let them know it."
"All of them?"
"Well, most. Sam's smart, just not bookish-smart like you."
"Sam Hennessy is not intimidated by me. He teased me for crying out loud."
"Boys tease girls they like."
"Not a seventeen year old Sam Hennessy. He didn't tease, he fu—" She broke off when Emily came up to them sobbing. 
"Mummy, David won't thare."
"Okay, that's our cue to leave." Linda stood, clutching a sleeping Ronan to her. "Pick up your toys and go inside."
Emily and David whined for five minutes before giving in when Linda threatened no ice cream after dinner.
"Hey, Mad," said Linda as she followed the kids inside, "since you're not working, can you babysit tomorrow?"
"Tomorrow?"
"Yeah, play with us, Auntie Mad," said David. 
"Yeah, pway wiff uth, Auntie Mad."
"Now how can you refuse such little angels?" Linda said with an impish smile.
There were other paranormal creatures Maddie would've used to describe her niece and nephew but she refrained. "I was going to update my resume and draw up a job hunting schedule," she said. "I don't want to waste any more time."
"Oh, Maddie, lighten up. Enjoy the day with the kids, you'll love it. They're not this bad all the time."
"I know, but..." 
Emily's bottom lip fell and she latched onto Maddie's leg. Emotional blackmail. It worked every time. 
"Okay, I guess I can put off looking for work for another day."
"Good," Linda said. "You need a break. I can't remember the last holiday you had. And since you've got some savings, why don't you take a couple of weeks off and decide what you really want to do."
"I need those savings."
"What for?"
It was her contingency fund, in case something went wrong. She had no idea what considering she was insured for everything, but that wasn't the point. 
"And I know what I want to do," she said. "I want to do what I've always done. Be a biochemist. It's why I studied all those years."
Linda sighed and herded Emily and David to the car. "Whatever. Just give it a few days and let the dust settle. By then Sam might be back and you two can sort things out."

Women like you and guys like me...
 


"I doubt it. He already made his stance clear." 

But Linda didn't hear her because David whacked Emily and she screamed at the top of her lungs, waking up Ronan who joined in the chorus.
Maddie sighed. "And I thought my life was chaotic."
***
The following day, Linda took Ronan out with her to lunch and Maddie took Emily and David to the zoo. It was an experience she wouldn't soon forget. By three o'clock, she'd cleaned up David's vomit, taken Emily to the First Aid clinic to patch up her scraped knee, covered their eyes when confronted with mating monkeys and lost Emily—twice—in the dimly lit snake enclosure. She was exhausted, had ice cream in her hair, a sunburned nose and swollen feet. 
She'd also had a blast. Everything from the skittish meerkats bobbing in and out of their holes at the slightest sound to the elephants and giraffes delighted the kids. For the first time in ages, possibly ever, Maddie saw the world through their eyes. Big, diverse and totally awesome. She wanted to pat the joey in the kangaroo's pouch, feed the lions, let the butterflies land on her shoulders then eat too much ice cream and run around in circles until she was sick. Never before had she done something just for the hell of it, just because it made her giddy with excitement and gave her a rush.
On the drive back to Linda's place, Emily and David fell asleep in the back seat and Maddie replayed the day over in her mind. She needed to do this sort of thing more often. Maybe she could borrow the kids tomorrow. 
But tomorrow she was supposed to be looking for work. If she didn't start soon, her resumé would have a glaring hole and no reputable company would want to hire her. 
Maybe just one more day... She could start the job hunt the following day. Except that would be Saturday. Oh well, what did a few extra days matter? She could take a couple of weeks off, like Linda said.

I'm delaying it.
 


She thought about this some more then it suddenly hit her—
I don't want to do this anymore. I'm bored.
 


Someone honked to her left and she swerved back into her lane, waving an apology at the other driver. 
Must concentrate.
 But it wasn't easy—her epiphany was getting in the way. 

Science had been her life ever since high school. She loved it, sure, but there was nothing new in her work. In her life. Nothing to look forward to. She'd always worked hard but where had that got her? Unemployed. No wonder she was still a nerd. She hadn't changed since she was a kid. Her goals were still the same ones she'd had as a twelve year old and they were growing staler than week-old bread.
To hell with them. Hang science. Hang Miles and BioDerma and Pheramour. She didn't care anymore. 

Okay, now all she had to do was find something she did care about. Something she 
wanted
 to do with her life. At least for a while until science became interesting again. Something fun, something creative...




 






CHAPTER 19
 
By the time Maddie arrived at Linda's place she'd tossed out several ideas including starting a pet grooming business, writing a best seller and joining the circus. The epiphany was the easy part, the practical side was proving more difficult.
Linda met them at the door. "How're my babies? Still alive?"
"I think so," said Maddie. "Although my feet are killing me and I never want to see ice cream ever again."
"Yeah right." Linda narrowed her eyes at her two elder offspring. "Were you two good for your Auntie Mad?"
"Yes," said David and Emily, racing out to the back yard, their second wind hitting them with the force of a gale.
"How was lunch?" asked Maddie, itching to tell Linda about her new direction.
"Great." They went into the kitchen and Linda filled the kettle. "Irene says hi and she wants your help."

"
My
 help? Oh." Maddie sat heavily on a stool at the bench. "She wants me to tutor Riley, doesn't she?" Irene's thirteen year-old son had displayed early signs of delinquency last spring when he stole his father’s credit card and booked a flight to Mexico over the internet. Maddie couldn't imagine the kid sitting still to learn Pythagoras' theorem. 

Cross tutoring off the list.
"No, she wants to redecorate." Linda passed a cup of coffee to her sister. "She asked me for advice and I said she should speak to you. You're better at that stuff than me." She glanced around at her Seventies' kitchen with its orange cupboards and linoleum floor and sighed. "I don't have time for creativity."
Maddie shrugged. "Look on the bright side, retro is back in."
"This isn't retro, Mad, this is puke. I think the previous owners were trying to decorate on the cheap and orange was the discount color that week." She sighed into her mug. "So, what do you think?"
"I don't know. I've never given anyone decorating advice before. If she asked me to develop non-allergenic cleaning products, I could help."
"You'll be great. Just do it." When Maddie didn't say anything, Linda added, "At least talk to her."
What the hell. She had nothing to lose. "I guess I can drop in tomorrow."
Linda beamed. "I'll call her later. This could be a whole new avenue for you, Mad. You can start a new business and you'll be so busy you won't even think about Sam."
Maddie groaned. "Thanks for reminding me."
Linda screwed up her nose. "Sorry, but it's not like you weren't thinking about him anyway."
True. Despite the distractions of the day, Maddie had still thought about Sam at least every five minutes, especially when watching the mating monkeys.
"Imagine shopping all day and spending someone else's money," Linda rattled on.
"Don't get too excited. Irene might hate my taste."
Irene loved her taste. And with her small inheritance from her recently deceased grandmother, money was no object. After a five hour consultation that included coffee, cake and gossip, they had a shopping plan for the next day. 
Two nights later, Maddie sighed as she flopped into bed. She'd spent all day painting and hemming curtains at Irene's. Tomorrow she'd hang them and move furniture—a mixture of Irene's favorite pieces and new acquisitions—until the living room had the feel the customer wanted. 
The customer. Maddie smiled into her pillow. This was great, just like a real business. And she was getting paid to shop and decorate. What more could a girl want? Who needed sex and Sam?
The smile faded as Sam's handsome face and delicious body crept into her thoughts. So much for being too busy to think about him. 
Women like you and guys like me.
Would she ever be the sort of woman he could date?
Not likely. She might be changing professions, but she was still Maddie underneath. Boring, nerdy Maddie. She rolled over and took the pillow with her, wrapping it around her head to shut out the images of Sam. It didn't work and her heart still ached like it had been ripped apart. Tears stung her eyes but instead of biting back the pain, she let it out in a low, primal wail that lasted well into the night.
***
The last time Sam was in Maddie's house on a Sunday he got lucky. He hoped he'd get the same result this Sunday. He looked up at the sky as he stood on her porch but there were no flying pigs so it didn't bode well. 
He hesitated before leaning into the doorbell, giving it a good, solid press. He was going to get this over with, no matter how awkward. He wanted answers. The squeezing around his chest had finally become too much and he'd caught the next flight out of Sydney, and now it was ten o'clock Sunday morning and the screws were getting tighter. 
At least he'd know. As soon as Maddie Clarke opened her damn door, he'd know if his attraction to her had been due to Pheramour. If she still made his heart thud so hard it felt like it would punch a hole in his rib cage, then it wouldn't be Pheramour. If his groin still went "hello" at the sight of her, it wouldn't be Pheramour. It would be all her. All Maddie. 
And then he'd just have to convince her that she wanted him as much as he wanted her. Yeah, no sweat. A woman who wrote lists longer than his high school detention lines would want a man who couldn't plan beyond the next five minutes. Yep, sure.
Sam ground his thumb into the doorbell again and this time he got an answer. The door swung open and Maddie blinked out at him. She was dressed in pink pajama shorts and a top covered with cuddling teddy bears. It was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. 
"Sam?" She frowned then rubbed her eyes as if he were an apparition she wanted to get rid of. Not a good sign. "What do you want?" And there was another.
"Are you all right, Maddie? You don't look so good."
"I didn't sleep well last night." She crossed her arms and blocked the doorway. 
He took a step closer until they were only a few inches apart and he could kiss her if he wanted to. She didn't waver. She didn't lower her arms and she didn't move aside to let him in. Stubborn woman. 
Stubborn, sexy woman he wanted to gather in his arms, haul into the bedroom and make wild passionate love to until she shook with ecstasy.
He bet she'd never done that before. Never let herself scream at the top of her lungs, let her body take over or let the fire within burn itself into exhaustion. He wanted to be the one to take her there. 
Oh yeah, he was still hooked all right. Pheramour had nothing to do with it. Unless...
"What are you doing here, Sam?"
"I wanted to test something. Perform my own experiment." He leaned forward and lightly kissed her lips. Then he withdrew. She tasted good but he couldn't indulge, not yet. He needed answers. "Are you still wearing Pheramour?"
"Wh, what?" Her arms dropped to her sides. 
"Pheramour? You know, that love drug you used to trick me." He couldn't keep the bitterness out of his voice. It still stung that she could use him like that, make him fall in love with her and callously walk away. "Are you?"
She blanched and he regretted his harsh tone. "I'm really sorry about that, Sam. I wish I hadn't done it. But," she took a step inside, placed a hand on the door, "I think you should just go. This isn't helping."
She shut the door on his foot and he swore. The door swung open again and this time he forced his way through before she could see he wasn't hurt.
"Maddie, just tell me." He gulped in a breath. Did he really want to hear this? 
She stared at him, her mouth slightly open, her hair tousled from sleep. She looked hot. And confused. Maybe she wasn't awake yet. Or maybe she was thinking of a way she could get out of this without hurting his feelings. 
"Maddie, answer me." He wanted to shake her but he clenched his fists and swallowed.
She made a small strangled sound in the back of her throat and it took several moments of intense, agonizing silence for her to answer. "Sam, what are you saying?" 

Oh damn. How could she do this? Was she soulless? Couldn't she see how much pain he was in? Surely she could feel the thumping of his heart across the air between them. Hell, it was loud enough, she should be able to 
hear
 it. 

"Stop this, Maddie. Stop toying with my feelings." He grabbed her shoulders and gave her a little shake but she still stared wide-eyed at him like a kangaroo caught in headlights. "Maddie! Why are you doing this to me?" His voice sounded too raspy and he let go of her and turned away. 
"Are you," she said in a small voice, "are you saying you still..."
"Want you?" He laughed. He wanted her more than any woman he'd ever known, more than he wanted his next breath. "Yeah." He turned around because this sort of thing could only be said face to face, no matter what her expression would reveal. "I want you, Maddie. I can't be without you. But if it's Pheramour making me feel this way..."
She shook her head. "No, it's not working."
Well. Huh. Just like that. So...
So this was real? This was what love really felt like. Like being sick or falling out of a plane without a parachute, like being hit by a bus or drowning. But it also felt like having a Royal Flush, like floating in the clouds or lying on warm sand under a Mediterranean sun. It felt totally, incredibly amazing. He smiled at her, but it vanished when she stared back at him with terror.
"It never worked," she squeaked. She cleared her throat and looked away. "I lost my job because I took a stand, and it never worked anyway, so it doesn't matter now."
"I'm sorry," he said. "About your job. Are you okay?"
She nodded but her face was shadowed so he couldn't see her eyes. He doubted it was okay. Maddie loved her job. It was her life, her future, her rock. And now she didn't have it and everything would fall to pieces because her plan was heading off the rails. Oh hell. That must be why she couldn't sleep. 

Poor Maddie. He reached for her, hesitated, then touched her shoulder. She stiffened. Great. She didn't want comforting. Or she didn't want comforting by 
him
. It looked like he'd have his work cut out for him convincing her otherwise.


Maddie wanted to feel more than just Sam's fingers touching her. She wanted to sink into his arms, feel him inside her again. But she was so confused. He was responding to 
her
, not Pheramour. 

It had never been Pheramour. 
Blood pounded between her ears and when Sam moved closer, the room spun out of control and she wondered if she was fainting. She turned away so he couldn't see her face. He didn't have to. He leaned into her, propping her up, his chest against her back, his breath in her hair. 
"Maddie," he whispered, "you know what this means?"
She knew and yet she didn't know. "You like me," she tried, "but you don't want to."
She heard his breath catch, felt his heartbeat lose its steady rhythm. "Why do you say that?"
She turned to face him and found his mouth near hers. He brushed an oh-so gentle kiss across her lips and for a moment she forgot what she was going to say. 
"I want you," he murmured against her. "Don't fight it."
But she had to. She needed answers, clear, concise answers. She tried to pull away but he held her in his arms and he was too strong and she didn't really want to leave the solidness. Not yet.
"We're not compatible," she said. "You said it yourself. I'm a nerd."
"That was years ago," he growled, shaking his head. "Can't you forget about it?"
"How can I? It's who I am. It's what I've always been. You were right. I am a nerd."
"Maddie, I don't remember calling you that. Maybe you were mistaken—"
"I'm not! It was fifteen years ago. You and Pete were over at our place and you were supposed to be studying the table of elements. None of you could remember them so Linda asked me how I did it. I used a little jingle and I sang it to you." Her face heated at the memory. She was an atrocious singer. "But you laughed and that's when you called me a nerd."
Sam let go of her and stared down at his shoes. "Oh. Yeah. I remember that now." Then suddenly he chuckled and looked up again. His eyes danced and his mouth spread into a wide, boyish grin. He was so handsome, almost too handsome, and it hurt to look at him.
It just hurt.
"I'm glad you find it so funny," she snapped, wondering if she should slap him across the face or knee him in the groin.
He descended so fast she didn’t get a chance to do either. Didn't see the kiss coming. But when it did, it blew her away and she forgot everything. Tenderly, his lips caressed hers, tasting, teasing. She dug her fingers into the back of his head and held him in place in case he changed his mind and stopped the kiss.
But she was the one who stopped the kiss. Self-will had beaten down desire until it was nothing more than a burning ache low in her belly. 
She shoved him away. "So we've established that I'm a nerd," she spat. 
All he did was laugh. Laugh! "Maddie, you fool. I called you a nerd all those years ago because it was the only thing I could think of."
"Huh?"
He leaned in and touched the back of his hand to her cheek. "You were so smart. You still are. Jeez, I couldn't remember those damned chemical symbols with or without your song. I had to say something. I couldn't let a little fifteen year old get the better of me." He shrugged. "It was my come-back line because you made me feel like an idiot."
"Oh." She looked up into his eyes and melted under their hot intensity. He wanted her. He wasn't even bothering to hide it. "But I'm still that same girl I was then," she said weakly. She needed to stay focused, keep on track, before she gave herself to this man totally and risked getting her heart crushed by someone who wasn't right for her. "I'm still a nerd."
He touched his lips to hers then withdrew too quickly. "Fine," he murmured, "be a nerd. I don't care."
She closed her eyes and breathed him in. So delicious. "Then why did you say..." so masculine "...women like me and guys like you..." so Sam "...shouldn't be together?"
He moved in closer and licked a trail from her ear to her throat, nudging her pajamas aside to nibble her shoulder. Tingles zapped up her spine and she felt like she'd been slam dunked. 
Oh God, everything was slipping beneath her, around her. Inside her.
He stopped kissing her and flattened his palm against her stomach, under her pajama top. "I said it because you're too intelligent for me." His hand moved higher and cupped her breast. "Too organized." He thrummed her nipple with his thumb. "Too good."
"Oh." Who said that?
"Guys like me," he muttered as his hand moved south, down her pajama shorts, "drifters, don't deserve sensible girls."
"I'm sensible?" If she was sensible she wouldn't let him do this to her, wouldn't allow him to rip the rug from under her feet. 
But if his fingers kept doing that then who cared? She could live without rugs.

"Yeah." He knelt in front of her and slowly drew her shorts down her legs. They puddled at her feet and she felt his hot breath on her thigh. He licked. "Sensible." 
Lick
. "Mature." 
Lick
. "Organized." 
Lick
. "And so goddamn sexy I can't get enough of you." 
Suck
.


Ah!

"Maddie, baby." 
"Mmmm?" She tried to concentrate but it was like swimming through mud so she stopped trying and just let go and wallowed.
"Promise me you won't change," he murmured against her.

"Whatever you want." 
Oh yes, there
. "Just don't," 
aaah,
 "stop."

She felt his grin. "I like you the way you are. With one exception."
"If you tell me will you stop talking?"

He grabbed her rear and pulled her into him and Maddie had to grip the back of the couch to stop herself floating away. 
Now, oh please, now
. A ripple of heat started between her thighs and spread across her skin, laying every nerve ending exposed in its wake. It was too much, too intense and she was going to die if that heat didn't explode and consume her.

"Let yourself go for me."
Somebody howled. Maddie didn't care if it was her.



 






CHAPTER 2
 
"He called me a nerd."
Linda gasped and placed a hand to her breast in mock horror. "He called my little sister a nerd? How dare he! I mean, it's not like you were or anything."
"Shut up, Linda. He hurt my feelings. And I don't know if I can forgive him."
"Pete used to call you a nerd back then too, but you forgave him."
"Pete's different. He's always been like a brother, and I expect that sort of behavior from a brother. Not from a—"
"Hunky guy you secretly wished had noticed you when you were fifteen?"
Linda was like the little devil that sat on Maddie's shoulder, reminding her of all the embarrassing things she'd ever done. Except she couldn't make Linda shut up by thinking about food. 
"He might be cute but I don't have a crush on him anymore. You know the sort of guys I date. He doesn't fit."
Linda sighed. "I suppose. He's not a doctor, scientist or computer programmer."
"And he drives a Porsche."
"Oh NO!" Linda poured gravy over the roast without splashing the bench. Maddie watched, impressed. "So what's wrong with a Porsche?"
"Too flashy. People who drive flashy cars want to be the center of attention. And they like to speed. Driving fast is dangerous."
Linda paused mid-pour. "Are we really sisters? Are you sure you weren't conceived in a test tube?"
Maddie sniffed. "I can't help it if I don't like men with flashy cars. Besides, they usually prefer flashy women and have the attention span of an ant so aren't interested in me anyway."
"I really wonder what you base these theories on sometimes, Mad."
"Observation. I'm a scientist, that's what I do. I test, I observe the results. Same goes for life."
Linda snorted. "Deep. So what's your scientific observation on how someone like Sam Hennessy ended up earning more in a week than you do in a year?"
Maddie sighed. Sam was living proof that Karma is a load of crap. Like every good nerd, she'd been to university for years to get her biochemistry doctorate. She'd graduated one of the top students in the state, landed a great job in the development lab at BioDerma and earned a decent living. Then someone like Sam Hennessy who never bothered turning up to class in high school, barely passed his exams and drifted from city to city, landed fabulous job after fabulous job.
"It sucks," she muttered. 
Ronan gurgled his agreement but ruined the sentiment with a smile.
"I work hard, at the gym and the lab. He doesn't even try and look at him. Rich, successful and a body like a God. I bet he doesn’t even work out."
"We don't know that. He must do something to keep those buns of steel in superhero shape. And he did work his way up the corporate ladder to become CEO of that paint company in Sydney. It wasn’t just handed to him on a platter." 

"That's not the point. The point is I worked hard my 
entire
 life. Not just the last year or two."

"Should've had fun while you were young," Linda said smugly.
"Like you? You call three and a half children fun?"
Linda frowned at Ronan. Ronan blew a raspberry. "How could your Auntie Mad think you're not fun?" 
Five minutes later, Maddie had everyone sitting down at the dining table—a miraculous feat considering David and Emily couldn't sit still for more than five seconds. They'd both decided Sam was the most exciting thing since Saturday morning cartoons and wanted to sit on his knee. He obliged, one per knee, and played "This Little Piggy" until their squeals drove everyone crazy.

Linda fed Ronan as Maddie brought the plates out. In the kitchen, last two plates in hand, she sucked in a lungful of air and tried to psych herself up. She could do this. He was just another guy. And she had a great job—a fantastic job—at BioDerma, and a great home in Melbourne. She was definitely 
not
 a gawky, tongue-tied teenager anymore.

And she definitely wasn't after him. Not unless he'd changed in the last fifteen years. She might like the package but she didn't particularly want to unwrap it and find out what made it tick. Probably an endless supply of expensive cars, even more expensive women and a hectic lifestyle. He'd never been the sort of guy to sit still and read a book for an entire day without getting off the couch. That was her favorite Sunday pastime—when Linda and Pete didn't talk her into babysitting.
She stared at the door, forcing a smile which felt as plastic as Emily's Barbie's. She could do this. He was just a man. And she was way smarter than him. 
She counted to ten and pushed the door open.
***
"So, you're a scientist," said Sam. 
Maddie welcomed the change in conversation. It was better than reminiscing over the old days, with the adults editing their stories so the children couldn't catch on. Since she was two years younger and had moved in different circles, Maddie wasn't interested in hearing about the time Pete got caught smoking p-o-t behind the boys toilets or the time Sam s-t-o-l-e a neighbor's car to get to his date on time. 
She distracted herself by taking over Ronan's feeding, but ended up wearing most of the mushy pumpkin in her hair. Not a good look in front of a man as cool as Sam, but hey, she was over her infatuation with him, so what did she care?
Sam's question came during a break in the anecdotes when Pete's attention was distracted as he tried to convince David that broccoli florets weren't alien doggy-do.
"I'm a biochemist," said Maddie. "I work at BioDerma."
"Sounds interesting."
"About as interesting as watching this family at meal time," Linda piped up, taking over Ronan's feeding again. From the way he guzzled the food, Ronan seemed to prefer his mother's imitation of a choo choo train to Maddie's.
Sam chuckled. "I think your children are great meal time entertainment." He wiped a glob of baby food from his shirt with a napkin. "So what do you do at BioDerma, Maddie?"
She watched him through lowered lashes. Was he really interested or was he just being polite? Usually she ruined dates way before the meal arrived if she mentioned her job. One or two men had struggled through a second date and taken the conversation further, but their yawns weren't always successfully stifled. So far, Sam hadn't yawned. But it was still early.

"Maddie's developing the ultimate s-e-x aid, aren't you, Mad?" Linda's smirk said 
gotcha
. 

Pete dropped his fork and stared bug-eyed at his sister-in-law. Sam's brows merged with his hairline and Maddie's face burned. She was definitely going to commit fratricide before the night was over. 
"It's an l-o-v-e potion," she said, resisting the urge to poke her tongue out at her sister.
"Love isn't a dirty word, Maddie," said Linda. 
Emily and David giggled.
"You wouldn't say that if you'd dated half the guys I have." Maddie tucked a stray hair behind her ear and turned away from her sister who was definitely going to pay for this later. 
"Tell me about it," Sam said. 
"You want to hear about my bad dates?"
He laughed. "No, I want to hear about the love potion." 
Maddie wanted to climb under the table and stay there. "Subliminal odors or pheromones," she said, keeping the conversation safely scientific to decrease her chances of foot-in-mouth, "influence an animal's choice of a mate and help develop bonding. There's a theory that humans also respond to pheromones. In other words, subconsciously we're attracted to people whose pheromones are compatible with ours."
"So, you're creating a fake pheromone?"
She nodded. "BioDerma's been commissioned by a perfume company to develop a synthetic pheromone that will have maximum impact for a large proportion of the population."
"So those who wouldn't usually find the wearer attractive, will."

Maddie stabbed a potato with her fork, concentrating hard on not looking up. She didn't need to. She could 
feel
 everyone staring at her. 

"Sounds interesting," said Pete. "Who's going to test it out on the unsuspecting public?"
"Fred and Wilma."
"The Flintstones?"
"Lab mice. We'll also conduct a trial using human volunteers."
"Lucky them," Pete muttered. Linda glared at him and he shrugged. "What?"
Sam rubbed a jaw peppered with vacation stubble. Or maybe that was his everyday stubble. Maddie had no idea how Sydney-siders groomed. The cowboy look might be in. 
"Sounds dangerous," he said.
"Are you kidding?" Pete waved his fork in the air. "Imagine having women fall all over you when you walk down the street. I'd volunteer for the trial in a second." 

Linda flicked a spoonful of Ronan's pumpkin mush at him. It landed on his cheek with a 
plop
 and slid onto the table. David and Emily found it more amusing than their father.

"If I were a single guy, that is. Which I'm not." He patted Linda's knee. "And I love you."
She humphed.
"A love potion like that is completely unethical," Sam said, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. 
Maddie blinked at him. Was he for real? She studied his finely-honed face. He had the most sensual lips on a man she'd ever seen—other than Antonio Banderas —and eyes that expressed more than he probably would like judging by the stiff set of his jaw. He looked serious. He also looked like he'd just stepped straight out of a Diet Coke commercial. Men who looked like that weren’t supposed to care about the ethics behind scientific testing. They were supposed to think about hair care products and tanning lotions.
Maybe he meant environmental ethics. "It's non-toxic and non-allergenic," she said. 
"I'm talking about manipulation. If this stuff actually works, then the implications are enormous. Imagine if people start having..." he glanced at Emily who blinked big brown eyes back at him, "...s-e-x with people they're not really attracted to. Imagine if people start thinking they're in love when in fact it's just a false hormonal response. It could ruin lives."
Great. Not only did the unattainable hottie have a conscience, he also had a brain. The Gods must have been having a party when they made him. 
"I don't see how love can be a bad thing," she said, stacking Linda's empty plate on her own with a deliberate clatter. Most people found the idea of a love potion amusing, interesting. No one had ever questioned the ethics of it. Certainly no one at BioDerma whose jobs depended on fulfilling the contract. 
"It can be if it's directed at the wrong person. And if the subjects believe they're in love."
She scraped David's uneaten broccoli onto her plate. "Since when do CEOs of multi-national corporations concern themselves with ethics?" The ice in her tone froze the room. "Or are you going to tell me the paint sold by National Paints is completely harmless to fish if I tip it into the ocean?"
She leaned across the table to collect Sam's plate but his large hand clasped hers so she couldn't move. She didn't want to. She glanced up into the blue eyes studying her, sucking her into their depths. Prickles of heat crept across her skin to the tips of her ears. But as embarrassed as she was, she couldn't turn away. His mesmerizing gaze triggered a familiar memory that made her knees wobbly and her mind wobblier.
"You're right," he murmured in a low rumble. "Let's not argue about this. Although it's an interesting discussion. Maybe we could—"
"Auntie Mad." Emily tapped Maddie's arm. "Can I have ithe cweam?"
"Huh?" The spell broken, Maddie jerked her hand away and picked up his plate. "Oh, ice cream, sure thing, Sugar. Want to come and help me?"
"I'll come too," said Linda handing the unfinished task of feeding Ronan over to Pete. 
Safely in the kitchen, Maddie placed the plates in the sink then opened the freezer door and stuck her head inside. The cool rush soothed her burning cheeks and she sighed. Damn Sam Hennessy. He'd done it again. Baited her. Got a reaction. 
Even worse, he’d made her infatuated with him AGAIN. Made her lust for him AGAIN. 
This time she wasn't going to let him make a fool of her. She was older, wiser and could control her hormones. No way would she fall for a guy who taunted her for fun.
Emily tugged her skirt. "Auntie Mad, what are you doing?"
"Looking for ice cream."
"And if she doesn't find it soon," said Linda, bending down to her daughter's level, "she's going to turn into an Eskimo."
Emily giggled. "What’th an ethkimo?"
Maddie pulled her head out and grabbed the tub of chocolate ice cream. "It’s a person who lives in the North Pole which is where I'm running away to as soon as dinner's over."
"Are you crazy?" Linda said. "He wants you."
Maddie snorted. All class. "He doesn't want me, he just wants to debate the ethics of Pheramour."
Linda retrieved two bowls from the cupboard and placed them on the bench. "Didn't you see that look in his eyes?"
"The I'm-right-and-you're-wrong look?"
Linda placed one hand on her hip. "What's wrong with you? There's a gorgeous man out there who wants you and you're hiding out in the kitchen." 
Maddie raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure he wants me and isn't just trying to beat the nerd in a debate?"
Linda spooned ice cream into the bowls. "Fairly sure." She glanced up at Maddie. "Okay, I'm not, but what the hell. You're single and cute and you should be sending out available signals instead of talking about your work. Get back in there."
"Not without ice cream. Speaking of which, where's my bowl?"
"Are you crazy? You can't eat ice cream. It'll go straight to your hips and you never know who might be holding onto them soon."
"Linda! I am not going to have s-e-x with Sam Hennessy!"
Linda's dark brows drew together. "Why not? Don't you find him hunky?"
With a shrug, Maddie scooped out a spoonful of ice cream and ate it then licked the spoon clean. "That's not the point."
"It is to me. Well?"
Her sister was impossible. Maddie glanced down at Emily who blinked big brown eyes at her. "Your mother is unbelievable." Emily giggled. Maddie focused on Linda and sighed. "Yeah, I find him hunky. But that's all. He's nice to look at but that's not enough to interest me. So stop trying to set me up with him. Got it?"
Linda grinned. "Whatever you say, Mad."
***
Sam hadn't expected to enjoy the dinner party as much as he did. Although he'd been looking forward to catching up with Pete and Linda, he wasn't sure if reminiscing over mis-spent youth would be a good idea. Turned out to be the best thing he'd done since quitting as CEO of National Paints. That, and arriving back in Melbourne to consider his future.
But he would have enjoyed himself anyway, even if Pete and Linda had turned into the dullest people this side of the Great Dividing Range. Their kids were a laugh a minute. David had wanted to know if there were aliens in Sydney, Emily had made up stories involving her carrots as characters, and Ronan had found wearing his food more entertaining than eating it.
And then there was Maddie. Having her there gave the innocent dinner party an entirely new meaning.
Since when did scientists get so sexy?

Since when did 
Maddie
 get so sexy?

She'd always been cute, with her button nose, innocent brown eyes and luxurious black curls that she insisted on trapping in a tight pony tail, but now she'd moved beyond cute. She was a woman. And wow, what a woman. The slightly plump teenager had turned into Cinderella with curves to die for.
According to Linda, she was single. He couldn't figure out why. Beautiful, intelligent women with a sense of humor were hard to come by. He should know. He'd been looking for a long time. Too long.
Maybe she'd go on a date with him. Nope, unlikely now. He'd ruined his chances when he'd implied her love potion was a little on the unethical side. He couldn't take that back and he couldn't change his opinion but he could shut up about it. No need to spoil the evening. 
Emily came out of the kitchen and through the open door Sam caught a glimpse of Maddie eating ice cream straight from the tub. He smiled. At least some things never changed.
"Tham," said Emily, tugging his sleeve. 
He smiled down at her. Emily had her mother's face but her eyes were just like her Aunt Maddie's—big and trusting. "Yes, Pumpkin?"
"You know my Auntie Mad?"
"Yes."
"Thee thinkth you're chunky."
Chunky? Sam frowned at her. "Are you sure that's what she said?"
Emily nodded solemnly.
"Oh." He glanced down at his waist. The shirt puckered where it was loosely tucked into his jeans. He flattened it. He sat up straighter, squaring his shoulders. Better. He sucked in his stomach but that made breathing difficult so he let it out again before he turned blue. 
Chunky? He'd never been called that before. He jogged every morning and ate a balanced diet. Maybe it wasn't enough. Maybe he should go to the health farm that T.J. Hopkins, National Paints' Director of Marketing, visited last year. It had worked for T.J. Sort of. He still needed to lose several more pounds to be considered slim but at least he no longer thought vegetables were invented to make a steak taste good.
"What do you think that means?" he asked Pete who was pulling funny faces at Ronan to get him to laugh and open his mouth.
"I have no idea," Pete said. "Maybe she's referring to your muscles. You're not as skinny as you used to be."
He was about to ask Pete whether Maddie preferred thin or large men, tall or short, when the two sisters emerged from the kitchen. Linda placed two bowls of chocolate ice cream in front of David and Emily.
"Where's mine?" asked Pete.
"If he's having some then so am I," Maddie declared. "Sam?" 
"Maybe I shouldn't. Unless it's low fat."
"Low fat?" she said with disdain. With a shake of her head, she disappeared back into the kitchen. 
So much for good impressions.



 





EPILOGUE
 
Much, much later, Maddie curled into Sam. Her heart was full and her body loose. She felt content, happy. Like she was exactly where she should be.
"Thank you," Sam murmured against her hair.
She frowned. "What for?"
"For forgiving me for calling you a nerd."
"Like you said, it was a long time ago. I was probably being silly for worrying about it."
"Yeah, but it did worry you, and that worried me." He propped himself up on his elbow and looked down at her. His hair was a little mussed, his eyes smoky, his cheeks flushed. He was totally hot. "Maddie, I want you to know that I think you're perfect the way you are. Don't change a thing."
"Not even the tendency to over-plan everything?"
"Especially that. I need that in my life. Speaking of which." He caressed his hand down her thigh, sending little tingles spiraling through her. "I'm sure you have a plan for what you're going to do next."
She glanced down at his groin. "I certainly do."
He laughed. "I like that plan, but I was referring to your life outside the bedroom. Are you going to look for another job?"
"Actually, I've been doing something a little different these last few days. I was thinking of getting into decorating. Turns out I've got a knack for it. Who'd have guessed?"
"Me." He kissed her nose, her chin, her ear. "I saw you had good taste as soon as I walked into this place. So how about we team up?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean I'll renovate old houses and you'll put the finishing touches on them. Curtains, tiles, paint colors, that sort of thing. We'll sell at a profit if we buy the right sort of house in the right area." He leaned back to look at her. "So what do you think?"
"I think that you just made a plan, Sam Hennessy. The stars must be aligned or something."
"Is it a plan that you like, though? It would mean spending a bit of time together."
She reached down beneath the sheets and stroked him. "In that case, count me in. On one condition."
"What?"
"That you help me to loosen up. Teach me to be spontaneous."
"I said I liked you the way you are." He licked her nipple and she whimpered as sparks shot through her. "But sure, whatever you want. Let's start now. I know a great way to help you loosen up."
He disappeared beneath the sheet and she gasped when his tongue hit the right spot. Oh yeah, she could get used to being spontaneous. 
 
 
THE END
 






ABOUT KENDRA


Kendra Little writes sexy romance and erotic romance. Read free excerpts at her blog: 

http://kendralittle.blogspot.com

. Follow her on 

Twitter

 and 

Facebook

.

 
For now, please read on for an excerpt of BILLIONAIRE BAD BOY



 






Excerpt of BILLIONAIRE BAD BOY

Copyright 2013 Kendra Little
 
CHAPTER 1
 

"You're boring," spat the spiky-haired kid on the TV. 


Annie McCallum blinked at the screen then glanced at her colleagues sitting around the boardroom table. She expected to see shocked expressions but only saw resignation. It seemed that none of the other agents at McCallum and Horton wanted the kid to elaborate. Maybe he was right.


"Boring?" she prompted. She'd been called many things in her life, but boring wasn't one of them. Okay, so she'd started at McCallum and Horton straight out of college, she'd never lived outside LA and her love life could use a little something—like a man. And she probably lacked the get up and go of other LA agents, especially on Monday mornings before gulping down her second cup of coffee. But she was 
not
 boring! She refused to be boring. It wasn't good for her image as one of the top agents of the LA music industry.


Except she wasn't a top agent. Not even close.


"What do you mean boring?" She tried to keep the scathing edge out of her voice—not an easy task. She needed to be careful. She was talking to one of the most popular artists of the moment, and they wanted his business. They 
needed
 his business. He may be a snotty-nosed, high school dropout with a bad haircut, but Dug-E-Dug was the hottest artist around. His latest single 
Don't Call Me Dumb
 had been number one for four weeks and his concerts were a raging success. 


"Yeah, you heard me. You're all as dull as, as..." Dug-E glanced around, his eyes focusing on someone to his right, out of camera shot. "...as my mother."


Dug-E's mother's head popped into view. 


"Hello, Mrs. Douglas," said Bob Horton in his smooth agent-voice. "Nice to see you again."


The silver-haired woman with the wire-framed glasses smiled sheepishly at them and stared into the screen. She leaned forward, eyeing the equipment with suspicion, giving the McCallum and Horton agents an unpleasant view up her nose. It was like something out of a horror movie. The four seated around the boardroom table instinctively leaned back.


"You must forgive my son," Mrs. Douglas said. "But he has a point."


"A point?" Bob said. 


"Yes, a very valid point," she said in her schoolteacher voice that made everyone sit up straight. Everyone except her son. "He's a young, up-and-coming artist, Mr. Horton. He needs freedom to express his personality through his music, and his life outside of music. He feels—we both feel—that a younger, more hip agent would understand him better. I do apologize," she added sincerely. "But we feel Douglas's talent should be nurtured not stifled."


No
, thought Annie, 
but his obnoxious personality should
. Just ask every five-star hotel manager on the West Coast whose rooms he'd smashed to pieces last month.


"Right, er, of course," Bob said. "That's a real shame, though. We have some great ideas for him."


Annie couldn't believe what she was hearing. "You're not giving up yet are you?" she stage-whispered across the table. "Just like that?"


"He's not interested, Annie, let it go," he whispered back. 


Mrs. Douglas leaned forward again, this time turning and placing her ear closer to the screen. Clearly she hadn't mastered the art of video conferencing. The volume control was on the remote.


"What did you say?" she shouted.


Annie glanced at Bob. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and dabbed his brow with his handkerchief. He wanted Dug-E. McCallum and Horton 
needed
 him. Ten years ago the firm had represented some of the hottest talent on the charts but those groups hadn't performed in years and the young kids all went to the flashy, glitzy agents who got them entry into the hottest parties in town. McCallum and Horton just wasn't that kind of firm anymore. The party-throwers they knew had all grown up and become respectable citizens of LA with budding wild children of their own. The only vomit they cleaned up in the middle of the night now was a baby's.


Annie hadn't been around in those days. She'd joined the firm seven years earlier as a young assistant straight out of college. In that time she'd worked her way up to becoming one of the firm's most sought after agents. Well, as sort after as any of McCallum and Horton's agents were, which was nowhere near as much as her late father, the agency's co-founder, in his day. 


"We understand," Bob said quietly, his jaw squaring as firmly as his double chins would allow. 


Annie could tell he was working up to something. His face had that look—a look she hadn't seen since her father's death ten years ago. Ambition. He glanced around at his three agents seated at the table. They stared back at him, waiting expectantly as if he were the Messiah about to announce a prophecy. His gaze settled on Annie. Oh boy.


Slowly, very deliberately, he turned back to the screen. 


"I was saying that we have the perfect agent for your son, Mrs. Douglas. She's young, she's...er, hip and wired." He looked pleased with himself. "Yeah, wired. We think she'd be perfect for your son. She knows all the happening places. All the cool gigs."


Annie rolled her eyes. She only knew about cool gigs 
afterward
 when she read about them in the paper.


"Well, where is she?" Dug-E snapped. He peered into the screen, just as his mother had done, his pimply face coming into frighteningly detailed focus. 


Lenny, sitting next to Annie, cringed and gave his undivided attention to his blank notepad.


Bob indicated Annie. "Right here." He grinned, the unexpected movement shaking his jowls like a turkey's.


"Um, Bob, can we talk—"


"Later," he whispered, still smiling.


She sighed. Great. She was about to be hung out to dry. 


"Annie McCallum," Bob announced.


The pimply boy on screen glared at Annie for an eternity, then made a face. "Nup. Boring."


She squirmed in her seat. She had a million retorts to make and if she wasn't within earshot of a prospective client, she wouldn't hesitate to let one out. But she bit her tongue. Literally. The taste of blood snapped her attention back to the screen.


"She's very far from boring, Dug-E," Bob said quickly, his salesman's face still frozen in place. It was the one he turned on when he wanted to charm, to knock the socks off someone important. He rarely used it these days. Maybe it was about time he did. Annie just wished she wasn't the object he was trying to sell, and that Dug-E wasn't the buyer.


The teenager leaned back in his chair with an audible thud, a sneer of disgust distorting his features. He stabbed the pinky finger and forefinger of his left hand at the screen. "She's wearing a suit," he accused.


"Er, that's only because we make her wear one in the office." Bob winked at Annie. "She's really one wild girl. She rides a motorbike to work and parties all night. Oh yeah, and she always comes to work hungover, don't you Annie?"


She blinked at him. The person he'd described sounded disgusting. It may be exactly what Dug-E wanted in an agent, but it was an outright lie. 


"Annie?" Bob prompted, his face turning salmon pink when she didn't answer straight away.


"Yeah," she drawled. What the hell—she'd go along with his plan. For now. "I'm real...bad."


The relief on Bob's face was worth the effort, if nothing else. At least that dangerous reddish tinge subsided. 


But Dug-E didn't look convinced. "What sort of bike?" 


Uh-oh. 
Think, Annie, think
. "A Ducati," she said on a breath, recalling a name from one of the bikes in the motorcycle shop she passed on her way to work.


It must have been the right one. Dug-E looked impressed. He grinned and nodded. "Fine," he crooned. "Real fine. How does she do?"


She? Do? Were they still talking about a bike? "Um, good. Rides like...the wind." Annie 
felt
 the men around her cringe. Well, it was the best she could come up with on short notice. "She's a beautiful piece of metal," she added.


"She's more than metal, Lady, she's a sweet piece of ass."


"Yeah, sweet."


Dug-E's expression sobered and his face became a blank canvas. She could practically hear the cogs slowly grinding in his brain. Then he brightened. He pointed both be-ringed forefingers at the screen. "Okay, I'll give her a chance. But if she doesn't live up to my high standards, I'm going with Jamieson and Jamieson."


Pity his high standards didn't extend to his personal grooming.


Bob made an appointment with Dug-E's mother and the screen flickered off with her waving at the camera and Dug-E looking bored. Then he turned to his agents, eyes sparkling. "Okay, Annie, you're our girl. Go for it."


She blinked at him. "Go for it? Are you insane? Have you lost your mind?"


"What's wrong? You're perfect for this."


"Perfect! You just made me sound like a...a rebel." She threw her hands in the air. "I don't know anything about motorbikes or parties or drinking beer. I haven't been drunk since 2006 and even then it was only because someone spiked my soda. I'm not my father, Bob." Nor was she the daughter Reg McCallum had wanted her to be. He'd wanted a wild child, like himself. A party animal and socialite. He'd got a daughter whose idea of rebelling was to go to the library after school instead of straight home.


Bob shrugged. "Then you'll learn." He nodded at the other agents. They stood and left the room. When the door closed behind them he placed both hands on the table and leaned forward. On anyone else it would be a threatening move, but on a big teddy bear like Bob it was hard not to smile. 


"Look, Annie, you're our last chance. You're the only agent under thirty here. Hell, you're the only agent under fifty. We need you on this one. We can't lose Dug-E to Jamiesons."


"Why not? He's a snotty-nosed little—"


"Now, now. It's attitude like that that sends the kids elsewhere." He wagged a disapproving finger at her but there was no real admonishment in his tone. 


"But I'm no hip and happening young thing, Bob. I can't give Dug-E what he wants. I don't know what boys his age do."


"Don't worry. I've got the perfect person to teach you."


She narrowed her eyes. "Teach me what?"


"To ride a motorbike for starters."


"You're really going to make me get on one of those dangerous things? I could get killed."


"Calm down, Annie, you won't be killed. He's a great teacher. He'll make sure you don't even fall off."


She rolled her eyes. "Gee thanks. Is he going to teach me how to drink beer, swear like a sailor and flash my breasts at passing trucks?"


He grinned. "If you ask him nicely."


She crossed her arms and tried hard to swallow her simmering temper. Bob had been good to her, giving her a chance. He may have done it in memory of his best friend, but he'd stuck by her even though she didn't bring in as many clients as her father had. She owed him and she would love to repay him by getting Dug-E. But did she 
have
 to drink beer? 


"So who is this amazing teacher?"


"A friend of mine. We've known each other for fifteen years."


"Fifteen? How old 
is
 he?"


"Thirty-four."


"Isn't that too old to be a rebel?"


At least thirty-four was better than eighteen. He might not be as juvenile as Dug-E. Although he was male...


"He's perfect for the job."


She groaned. The noose tightened. "I can't wait to meet him. What's his name?"


"Zack DiMarco."


She laughed, but Bob didn't join in. "The millionaire?"


"No. The 
billionaire
."


"Why would Zack DiMarco teach me to ride a motorbike and drink beer?"


"Because we go way back."


"You must be close."


He shrugged. "I'll give him a call. I'm sure he'll free up some time to take you on as a student."


"Yeah." She sighed. "What better things does a millionaire have to do but teach me to be a rebel?"


"Billionaire." 


***


Zack answered his cell phone on the third ring. "Yo."


"Zack? It's Bob."


Zack broke into a smile at the sound of his friend's voice. "Hey, Bob. Long time no see. How's business?"


"Great. The most lucrative deal of the decade just landed on McCallum and Horton's table."


"Yeah?" Zack saved the spreadsheet on his laptop and closed the file. The financials of Deet Electric could wait. It wasn't often Bob called him. It must be important.


"We've got the chance to sign up a young rapper, Dug-E Dug—"


"That's his name?" Zack laughed. "Sounds like a gardening tools manufacturer I bought last week."


Bob chuckled. "He's about as smart as a shovel too. But we haven't got him yet. He thinks we're too old for his image." He snorted. "What would he know? McCallum and Horton invented cool. We put the hip in hippie, the roll in rock 'n roll."


Thirty years ago. From what Zack knew of the music industry, McCallum and Horton hadn't signed a hot artist in at least ten years. Not since Bob's partner had died. Whereas McCallum had been the talent scout, Bob brought the business brain to the partnership. Together, they'd been a force in LA. Alone, Bob was a jockey without a racehorse. Going nowhere.


"So, how can I help?" Zack meant it. He really wanted to do something for Bob, especially now when things weren't going so well for the agency. It was the least he could do for the man who'd helped him get started on his own path to fortune.


"Mac's daughter works for us," Bob said. "She's a nice girl. A great girl actually."


By which Zack guessed he meant she was an ordinary agent. "I think you've mentioned her before."


"She's our best shot at getting Dug-E but she's a little on the...conservative side."


"Your late partner's daughter? So she's not a chip off the old block?"


"Not even a splinter. She was never into the scene like Mac."


Zack's personal assistant entered his office and handed him some paperwork on Deet then left, closing the door silently. He threw the file onto his To-Do pile without looking at it. He'd had enough of Deet, enough of spreadsheets and profit and loss analysis. He needed to go for a ride on his bike, maybe head out to his ranch for a few days to clear his head. Lately, nothing at work could hold his interest for long. Why anyone would think what he did was glamorous, he'd never know. 


"I want you to show her a good time, Zack," Bob said. "Take her to parties, teach her about motorbikes, sex her up a bit."


"Turn her into the party animal her father was."


"Exactly. And I need it done in the next week."


The ranch could wait. This might be interesting. Zack needed a new challenge. Life was so same-old lately. "No sweat. I'll turn her into a woman everyone wants to know. Dug-E will think she's the coolest person on the West Coast by the time I've finished with her."


***


That afternoon, Annie sat at an outdoor table at La Merlina café, sipping iced tea and picking at a plate of fruit shaped into flowers. She'd been amazed that Bob had set the meeting up with Zack DiMarco so quickly. They must be very good friends if the wealthy playboy could drop everything on such short notice.


La Merlina was the flavor of the month in LA. The décor was so minimalist it was barren. The only decoration was on the walls, signed by the celebrity diners. It was so chic, the staff kept Annie waiting fifteen minutes before she was shown to her table. It was the sort of place she should take clients and be seen. She'd never been there before.


Anyone who was anyone sat inside where the air conditioning kept temperatures and tempers down. Only Annie and a few wannabe starlets sat outside under the umbrellas, trying to appear cool despite the trickle of sweat down their backs. 


She regretted not getting Zack to make the reservation. He was one of the hottest properties in town. He may not be an actor or agent or connected to the movie business in any way, but he was known around town. For all the wrong reasons as far as Annie was concerned. The self-made billionaire with a penchant for fast cars and fast women had a reputation most men envied. 


It was almost impossible for him to evade the limelight, even if he'd wanted to. Which he didn't seem to. Not if the gossip columns were anything to go by. Of course, Annie only read the gossips to keep her up-to-date on who was 'in' and who wasn't. It was necessary in her line of work.


She'd seen Zack's type before. She'd grown up around people like him. Her father had attracted the womanizers and she'd spend most of her childhood avoiding them. It seemed she wouldn't be able to avoid Zack DiMarco, not for a few days at least.


She drummed her fingers on the table. He was late. Typical.


She uncrossed her legs, hot from the stockings. She wished she hadn't worn them. She had on a short cream skirt, a matching short-sleeved jacket and black accessories. On her feet she wore a pair of three inch heels she'd bought two years ago in an attempt to make her appear taller around the supermodel turned pop princess McCallum and Horton were courting. The supermodel signed with Jamieson and Jamieson before Annie got to wear them and they'd been relegated to the back of her closet ever since. 


She hoped they might make her more conspicuous in a restaurant full of pretty young things. But no one took much notice of a five-foot two woman with caramel colored hair and breasts that didn't defy the laws of gravity. This was LA after all.


She checked her watch again. She'd give Zack another fifteen minutes. Usually she wouldn't wait that long but she owed Bob. He was more than her boss, he'd been her father's friend. If meeting Zack improved their chances of getting Dug-E, then she'd do it. Seeing Zack in the flesh had nothing to do with it. Honest.


Ten minutes later, the roar of an engine drew everyone's attention. She knew without even turning that Zack had arrived. Who else would be so arrogant as to be nearly an hour late for an appointment then offend all the diners with the noise of a fancy car?


She turned casually so as not to appear too eager, and watched as two long, jeans-clad legs stepped from a black Ferrari.


Wow. He was the total package. Her gaze traveled from his legs, past the intriguing bulge in his jeans, up to his narrow hips and broad chest, straight into the darkest eyes she'd ever seen. She nearly choked on her iced tea when those eyes gazed directly at her, then looked past her as if she wasn't there.

 

Download BILLIONAIRE BAD BOY by Kendra Little now.







CHAPTER 3
 
The following morning, Maddie drove to BioDerma's lab, located in a technology park in Melbourne's outer suburbs. The brick building, built in the Eighties, was just like every other brick building in the so-called park—boxy, brown and boring. Maddie had never liked it, but it had become her home away from home since she spent most of her days, and some of her nights, there. 
She shared her office and one of the small labs with Beaker, her partner. Beaker's side of the office was like his life—messy. Unsteady piles of papers threatened to topple off his desk at the slightest nudge and colored sticky notes decorated his computer monitor. He claimed the notes were color coded but Maddie couldn't see any connection between "Pick up laundry" and "Press Ctl+Alt+Delete to shut down", both written on pink paper. She didn't dare ask. Beaker's head was probably as untidy as his desk and she preferred not to see inside it.
Maddie unpacked the sandwiches she'd made the night before and placed them in her desk drawer where they would sit until she took her lunch break at twelve-thirty. She switched on her computer and read her emails while sipping double strength instant coffee. Once the caffeine seeped into her system, she finally felt ready to face the day. 
But for once she didn't immediately get up from her desk. Instead, she leaned back in her swivel chair and sighed. The image of a very sexy Sam Hennessy filtered into her thoughts and wouldn't budge. Damn, he was hot. Dark, brooding good looks with buns and biceps of steel. And those electric blue eyes that promised wickedness. A girl could lose her senses, and a few items of clothing, with one long look into those depths. 
"Ready?"
She jumped out of her seat and bumped her desk, sending the pencil holder toppling and the pencils rolling onto the floor. She bent to pick them up. "You startled me, Beaker."
"Sorry, I thought you'd seen me, considering you were staring straight at me."
She'd been staring at the doorway, but damned if she'd noticed him. Her mind had been several suburbs away. She returned her pens to the left section of the holder and her pencils to the right then lined up the erasers and sharpener. Beaker shifted from foot to foot but said nothing. 
"Okay, let's go," she said, smoothing her skirt. She followed him down the corridor to the lab, focusing on the back of his head. Beaker's haircut could best be described as a short back and sides, with a tuft on top. Like the Muppet he'd been nicknamed after, the tuft shot straight up as if he'd stuck his finger in an electrical socket. She wondered if he spent hours every morning gelling it into shape or whether it was nature's way of warning others about the danger of electricity.
They passed Miles in the corridor. Their boss grunted something which Maddie interpreted as "Good morning". It was the best they'd get out of him at eight-thirty. He needed at least three more cups of coffee in his system before civility made an appearance.
In the stark whiteness of the lab, Beaker tapped the wire cage of Fred the lab mouse. Fred paused in his running, twitched his nose in what looked like annoyance, then continued on his merry way around the wheel, going nowhere. 
"He looks ready," Beaker said.
Maddie watched Fred's little legs pumping away in a blur of movement. "I think he's ready for something, but I'm not sure about love."
"No man is ever ready for love. It hits him like a speeding bus."
She winced. "Painful. And kind of messy."
Beaker sighed. "Sure is."
Maddie didn't pry. She didn't want to know about Beaker's love life. She preferred to keep work separate from her private life. Except for that one time she and Miles had dated over three years ago, she never mixed the two. Considering she spent so much time at work, that probably explained why her love life was out of sync with her life schedule.
She retrieved a vial containing the latest version of Pheramour. Last week they'd added a small amount of ylang ylang to the solution and today they were ready to trial it on Fred and Wilma. 
Maddie dipped a dropper into the clear substance and watched it get sucked up the tube. She grinned at Beaker who grinned back, and held her breath as she squeezed four drops onto Fred's furry body. The little white mouse stopped running, looked up at them, twitched his nose a few times in indignation then returned to his running. 
Beaker opened the mouse cage beside Fred's. "Ready Wilma?"
She didn't look ready. She looked like she wanted to scamper away, but Beaker clutched her lovingly to his lab coat while Maddie dispensed four drops onto her back. When he placed her into the cage with Fred, the two mice sniffed at each other then Fred continued his running. Wilma retreated to a corner and rested her beady gaze on him. Probably she thought all that running was a sign her new roommate was crazy.
Maddie didn't blame her. She ran every second day on a treadmill and sometimes she thought it would drive her to insanity. It was boring and the scenery was the same but at least she had a nice butt to show for it. One day, someone would finally get to see her nice butt and all the hard work would be worth it. 
"I don't think it's working," said Beaker, tapping the cage.
"Give them time." But Maddie wasn't holding out much hope. She knew lust when she saw it, and Wilma wasn't showing the signs. "Maybe they just need to get used to each other first."
Beaker chuckled. "Maybe we should get some candles and play soft music."
She rolled her eyes but couldn't help smiling. "We could give them a piece of cheese. That way when they share it, they'll get nice and cozy." She studied the mice. "Or they might just scratch each others eyes out."
"You're so unromantic."
"If you'd dated the guys I have, you'd understand that romance is a figment of a masochist's imagination." She straightened with a loud sigh. "Looks like it's back to the drawing board.
She hated this part. They'd been so sure this time. The preliminary trials had been positive and all the chemical reactions had worked according to cutting edge pheromone theory. They'd carefully tested chemical with chemical, essential oil with essential oil, noting down the reactions, re-testing, changing ingredients until every permutation had been analyzed. After several months, Maddie was certain they'd reached the right balance to create a synthetic pheromone that made the wearers more attractive to the opposite sex. They'd left nothing to chance. 
"Maybe we wrote down the wrong figures somewhere," said Beaker, running a hand through hair that didn't need any more encouragement to stand up. 

"We did 
not
 write down the wrong figures. I'd never make a mistake like that." But as she said it, she opened her notebook and scanned the calculations. "I don't understand. It couldn't possibly have failed." 

"Hey, Maddie!" Beaker's voice was high and squeaky with excitement. "Check this out."
Her gaze followed his pointing finger. Inside the mouse cage, Fred had stopped running long enough to sniff Wilma's rump.
"Must be love," he said.
She grinned. "Typical man. Straight to the end where all the action is." 
***
Maddie delivered her report to Miles at five-thirty. 
"How'd it go?" asked her boss. 
Miles was only in his mid-thirties but he'd leapt to the position of Director of Development quickly. His skills as a chemist had been average, but his ability to kiss the right behinds had singled him out for a management role early in his career. He'd been Maddie's boss for two years and in all that time she'd never known him to smile. He'd cracked a lame joke once. No one had laughed and he'd never attempted it again. Before he was her boss, he'd been okay, although their one date had been disastrous from the moment he said "Let's go bowling."
"Great," said Maddie cheerfully, sitting on the other side of his desk. "Wilma and Fred are showing all the signs of being two mice in love. If all goes well, we'll start human trials later this month."
Miles shook his head. "We need to start sooner. I need results, Maddie." He passed a hand over shadowed eyes. 
"It takes time, Miles, you know that. We need to observe Fred and Wilma's behavior for at least three weeks before we trial it on humans."
He tapped his pen on the desk. "Look, here's the thing." The tapping grew faster and Maddie sat on her hands to stop herself snatching the pen off him. "I need to give the Marketing Director at Fleur Elise something on Tuesday. She's coming to visit and she's made it clear she expects to see results."
"But today's Friday! No way. That's too soon. We need to thoroughly test the reaction between the mice over the next two weeks at least, and document every aspect of their behavior, otherwise—"
"I know, Maddie, I know." He slouched back in his leather chair. The dark circles under his eyes made it look as if he'd partied hard all night. But Maddie knew he wasn't the partying kind. He sat perfectly still, which was dangerous for Miles. Since his promotion, he'd developed every nervous habit going around. He fidgeted in meetings, played with his hair, his glasses, his tie, his pen. When his fingers didn't move, it meant something was wrong. 
"Miles, we haven't got anything to show yet. Apart from two horny mice, that is. We need to trial it on people—"
"Then find some."
"Miles—"
"Maddie, listen. I shouldn't tell you this, but I think you need to understand the importance of Pheramour. This contract with Fleur Elise is vital to the survival of BioDerma. If we can't show progress by Tuesday, they're going to pull the pin. Where that leaves BioDerma..." He shrugged.
Maddie squeezed the bridge of her nose, feeling a headache coming on. A big one. She really didn't want to do this. They should follow every procedure to the letter, analyze and re-analyze every observation, every result. Skipping steps could lead to disaster. It went against not just her training but her very fiber. She was not the sort of person to leave out a vital part of the process.
She chewed her lip and focused on Miles' face. He was tired, sure, but there was desperation in his eyes. This job, this company, meant everything to him. As far as she knew, he had no family in Melbourne, no friends outside BioDerma and no hobbies. If the company went under...well, she didn’t want to contemplate what might happen to Miles. 
Still, allowing procedures to slip went against every instinct. Instincts that had served her well in the past. She never went for the long shot, never took risks to reach a goal sooner. She'd always done things correctly, never cutting corners, and she'd reaped the benefits of that philosophy so far. She was team leader for this project, in charge of five other scientists. After its completion, she hoped to move to a more senior level, then after six years in that role, she calculated she'd have enough experience behind her to do Miles' job. 
But Miles was a determined man, but his haggard, vulnerable look tore at her. Poor Miles. He needed a break.

She sighed. "I don't 
think
 there are any dangerous side effects."

"Good. It's settled then. You can start tonight."
"Tonight? But, but there’s too much to do! I need to organize volunteers—"
"Do we need volunteers?" Miles leaned forward, picked up his pen again and drummed it on his desk. "Perhaps you and Beaker could do it."
Whoa. That went against every grain of her scientist's being. She and Beaker had a vested interest in Pheramour and might subconsciously skew the results in their favor. They needed to remain objective throughout the trials if they wanted to be sure Pheramour worked. 
"BioDerma needs this, Maddie. Your career and that of your colleagues needs this." The look he gave her could have been straight off a tissue commercial. "Please."
Damn. Damn, damn and crap. He was right. For the sake of her staff she had to go ahead with human trials. Now. Otherwise all their jobs were on the line. There just wasn't any time to form a trial group. Since she'd already broken one rule by agreeing to proceed without further tests, why not another? 
Next she’d be robbing banks.
"I guess that would be okay," she conceded.
The grin looked unnatural on Miles' face, but she was glad to see it. "Great. Let me know how it goes."
She returned to the lab but Beaker and the others had already left for the weekend. That left only her and she hadn't planned to see any men tonight, or tomorrow and Sunday for that matter. 
Maybe she could call someone...

Why did Sam's perfect face and even more perfect body spring to mind? She 
could
 call him. At least she'd know for sure if Pheramour worked. He wasn't the sort of man who'd usually be interested in a boring scientist so any extra attention he gave her would be a positive indicator.

She filled a container with some Pheramour, sealed it tightly and placed it in her briefcase. She closed the lab door with a loud sigh. She really didn't want to do this. They should have waited. 
But she had no choice. She didn't want to be unemployed. There weren't many jobs for scientists in Melbourne, let alone Australia. Although she might find something quickly, her inexperienced junior colleagues probably wouldn't be as lucky.
By the time she'd reached her car in the parking lot, Maddie had considered all the positives and negatives. The pros outweighed the cons but not by much.
She'd do it, and Sam would have to be her subject. She didn't particularly want to hang out in singles bars, nor did she want to create problems with her ex-boyfriends. Any more problems, that is. No point stirring up old emotions that could lead to trouble on completion of the trial.
If Pheramour worked—and she was reasonably confident it did—Sam would instantly lose any attraction to her when she stopped using it. He'd probably be relieved to find out it was just an experiment and not his real emotions. Men like him don't want to fall for one woman, especially a nerdy woman. 

And 
she
 wasn't likely to fall under 
his
 spell. As a teenager, yes, but not as an adult. She was much too mature now for the likes of Sam Hennessy. 




 






CHAPTER 4
 
Sam stretched out his legs under Pete and Linda's kitchen table, keeping one eye on little Ronan crawling faster than some people can walk towards the cupboards. He pulled at the handle of one but it caught on something and wouldn't open more than half an inch.
"Child locks are the best thing ever invented," Linda said, following Sam's gaze. 
Ronan repeated the procedure again and again. Each time the door closed with a bang, making Ronan blink.
Sam watched, fascinated. The little guy was cute, his entire attention devoted to opening the door and watching it shut again. It was as if nothing else existed in his world.
"Doesn't he realize it won't open?" Sam asked.
"Sure he does," Linda said. "He just likes the noise. It's fun."
Ronan giggled at a particularly loud bang and Sam couldn't help smiling. Yeah, real cute.
"So what do you think of my little sister?"

Whoa, thanks for the warning
. Linda certainly didn't like beating around the bush. He should've been prepared. Linda had always been the blunt one at high school, getting the gang in trouble with her brutally honest observations and candid questions. She was the complete opposite to her shy sister. If Maddie had any brutal observations, she kept them firmly to her chest.

He groaned. Do NOT think about Maddie’s chest. He’d barely been able to keep his eyes off it all evening over dinner.
He shrugged. "She seems nice. Different to how I remember."
It was just Linda, Sam and her youngest two children at home. David was at kindergarten and Pete at work. Linda had called Sam and asked him to do her a favor. A cup of coffee and a piece of cake later, he was still waiting to hear the favor. He was in no hurry, but Linda's delaying tactics intrigued him. Her reference to Maddie had finally answered that question.
"Different how?" Linda prompted, steering Ronan away from the cupboard.
Sam shrugged one shoulder. "Older, I suppose."
"Fifteen years will do that to a person."
He gave her a wry look. "I mean more mature, more..." he searched for the right word, "...comfortable with herself."
"Maddie? Really?" Linda blinked back at him. 
"You disagree?"
"No! Well, maybe a little. To me she's just my geeky little sister. Although the geekiness has lessened over the years."
It sure had. Sam hadn't seen any of the awkwardness Maddie had possessed as a teenager. Not that he remembered a great deal of her as a kid. They hadn't socialized together much. She'd just sort of been there. Linda's quiet, little sister, always hanging around, much to her big sister's annoyance. Sam had never minded though.
"I guess she's a little uptight still," he conceded, remembering her vehement defence of her work.
Linda snorted. "You said it." She cocked her head to one side, a cheeky grin brightening her attractive features. "Maybe you could help her relax..."
"Me? How?"
Emily entered the kitchen and asked her mother to tie a bow in Barbie's hair. The task completed, she left again. "Oh, I don't know," Linda said. "Take her out maybe. Help her have a good time."

Aha, so 
that
 was the favor. "Like on a date?"

"No, of course not. Just something casual, like two old friends catching up."
He could do that. They were old friends, sort of. And if Maddie misconstrued it as a real date, so what? It might make the evening more interesting.
A date with Maddie—the idea quickly grew on him.
"But would she go out with me? I mean, as friends? We weren't exactly close."
Linda's attention was momentarily diverted to Ronan as he returned to the cupboard door. "You're beginning to drive me nuts, young man." She picked him up and handed him a teething rusk. "Knock yourself out." She sat back down. "Where were we? Oh yes, taking Maddie out. And yes, she'll go out with you. Trust me."
"I don't know," he hedged. "I'm not really her type."
"Yes you are." She said it a little too vehemently for Sam's liking. "But just in case, I'll send you there on an errand so it doesn't look contrived."
That might work. "Okay," he said, feeling like he’d just been snow-balled.
"So, how's your job?" she said. "Any plans to move back to Melbourne permanently?"
"Actually, I do. I've quit."
"What! But you were earning a fortune!"
He shrugged. "It's only money."
Linda stared open-mouthed at him until Ronan, crawling at top speed across the kitchen floor, banged his head on the table leg and cried. She picked him up and he instantly stopped as if Linda had pressed the OFF switch.
"I had no idea," she said. "Why didn't you say something earlier?"
"I told Pete last night."
She frowned at Ronan. "I'll have to have a word to your daddy when he gets home." She looked at Sam again. "But why? You had it all in Sydney."
"No, Linda, I didn't. And does it matter why? I've quit and it's final." She was worse than the Inquisition. Worse than his mother. No, not that bad.
"Okay, I get the picture."
She didn't look like she got it. She looked like someone dying to ask a million questions but not sure if it was appropriate to pry. Maybe it was time he left before she decided to fire away. He didn't want to be lectured by his best friend's wife. 
A little blonde head poked around the door. "Mummy, poos."
Yep, definitely time he left.
***
If it wasn't for the doorbell chiming, Maddie might have fallen asleep in the bath. Next time she'd bring an alarm clock into the bathroom with her—drowning wasn't on her list of things to do this year. 

If
 there was a next time. She rarely took baths because when she did, she never wanted to get out and she couldn't afford to waste time luxuriating when there were things to do, like checking up on her ebay items or reading through her work notes. But tonight was an exception. Pheramour needed to be diluted in water and applied to her entire body, so a bath was the obvious way. True to form, she didn't want to get out. She loved it. Oh well, she could always take the notes into the bath with her next time.

She got out and wrapped a towel around her body. She needed to get moving anyway if she wanted to see Sam tonight. It was already seven o'clock and he might make other plans soon if he hadn't already. She'd decided against calling him because it was easier to back out over the phone. Why make it easier for him?
She dried her feet so she wouldn't drip on the carpet and hurried to the door as the doorbell chimed a second time. 
"All right, all right," she muttered, opening it. "Sam!"
Sam leaned against the doorframe, a plastic shopping bag dangling from his fingers. He straightened and his gaze fell to the swell of her breasts above the towel. She hiked it up but that made them jiggle. She dropped her hands to her sides and pretended Sam Hennessy wasn't staring at her breasts. True to form, everything heated, from the tips of her ears to her toes. Crap. 
"What are you doing here?"
Finally, slowly, his gaze shifted to her face. "Is that any way to treat a man bearing gifts?" He held up the bag.
"Sorry, I wasn't expecting anyone." She stepped aside. "Come in."
He moved past her, his bare arm grazing hers. The teenager that still lurked inside screamed "Sam Hennessy just touched me!" She caught a whiff of his masculine scent and the combined effect of his presence on the four senses—touch, smell, sight and sound—sent a thrill through her. All she needed now was to taste him. She bet he'd be delicious.
Down girl. He was not chocolate ice cream. He’d taste good smeared in the stuff though.
She followed him into her living room, concentrating on the back of his head and not the back of his jeans. "So what's in the bag?" 
"Your sister asked me to give you this. She said it was important you get it and Pete was working back late and she didn’t want to drag the kids out." He handed her the bag. 
Maddie peered inside. "It's my pair of sneakers she borrowed last year. I'd forgotten about them." She sniffed the bag and screwed up her nose. "Not sure I even want them back."
"Why the emergency?" 
She wasn't fooled by the innocent question. A crooked grin lifted the corners of his mouth and she knew he knew Linda had set them up. God, how embarrassing. Even more embarrassing was the slipping towel. She gripped it at her cleavage and held it firmly in place.
"Guess she figured I need to work off the ice cream from last night." 
His hot gaze skimmed down her body, across her breasts, past the towel to her exposed legs. Every inch turned to molten liquid under the intensity and pooled between her thighs. 
Her face, however, burned. With anger. What was she, a piece of meat?
"I don't think you need to worry about the ice cream," he murmured. The soft cadence of his voice rippled through her, sending her goose bumps into a frenzy, and several other vital parts of her anatomy. 
Okay, he could look at her like that if he kept paying her complements. She appreciated her own hypocrisy, but hey, it was a woman's prerogative to change her mind. Besides, men liked to eat meat. 
Now there was a thought to make a girl squirm with pleasure.
"I'd better get dressed." She turned away before the towel completely slipped away. She heard him clear his throat as she closed the bedroom door behind her.
Maddie threw on jeans and a T-shirt, thanking her lucky stars that Sam had come to her and she didn't have to chase him down. If he hadn't been home, she didn't know who she'd use instead for the experiment. She didn't know too many men. A few ex boyfriends, her work colleagues and Pete made up the total of her male acquaintances. The thought of testing the effects of Pheramour on any of them was creepy.
She checked her appearance in the mirror then fluffed out her hair. Too messy. She pinned it back in a ponytail. A little boring but at least it kept it out of her eyes. No need to encourage Sam too much anyway. Pheramour would do all the work tonight.
The chemist in her was excited by the prospect. 
The woman in her was absolutely terrified...and yet thrilled at the same time.
***
Sam glanced around the neat living room. It was comfortable, cozy, and held Maddie's touches everywhere. Colors matched, from the lived-in cream sofa and bright red cushions to the elaborate drapes and floor rug covering polished boards. Books stood erect in a floor-to-ceiling bookcase and several prints and photographs hung on the walls, not a single one lopsided. She had good taste. Classic, clean, simple. He liked it. 

He liked 
her
. Last night he'd thought her kind of cute, if a little nerdy, like when she'd been in school. Now, seeing the swell of her full breasts above the towel and those smooth thighs and shapely calves, he thought her the sexiest woman he knew. Maddie Clarke had definitely grown up. What he wouldn’t do to get his hands on her now. 

But a woman like that could wrap a man around her little finger if she wanted to. The jury was out on whether that was a good thing.
He regretted not touching the soft flesh above her towel as he’d passed her in the hallway. He'd wanted to. Hell, he'd ached to. But that would only have got him a slap across the cheek, going by the glare she'd given him. 
Nevermind. There was always later...
"Have you eaten?" he asked when she emerged from her bedroom. She wore her hair up again. When she'd greeted him at the door the damp curls had tumbled around her face unchecked. He preferred it like that—the come-and-grope-me look. Getting her to release her hair so he could play with it would be a challenge. 
He loved a challenge.
"Not yet," she said. "I guess I should offer to cook something, but I'm a terrible cook. I've been known to boil pots of water dry."
"Guess we'll go out then."
"Oh." She glanced down at her jeans. "I should change."
"No need. How's pizza sound?"
"Cheap."
He raised a brow. He'd never been called that to his face before.
She bit her lip and shrugged an apology. "I just expected us to go to an expensive restaurant."
"Because I'm the CEO of National Paints?"
"No, because you're a millionaire."
"An unemployed millionaire."
Her jaw dropped. So far everyone had the same reaction—his mother, his colleagues, Pete and Linda. No one seemed to get it. He'd kind of hoped Maddie would, although he had no idea why. It's not like they were old buddies or anything. It’s not like she was the sort of person who did things on a whim. Not like him. Nope, she was a by-the-book, do it the right way kind of girl. Everything in order, nothing out of place. 

He wondered what would happen if her perfectly ordered life suddenly threw a curve ball at her. What would happen if 
she
 quit her job? Would she go into complete meltdown or would she blossom? 

It would never happen. Not in a million years. 
But there were other ways to lose control. Like in bed. Like having an orgasm that could drive clear thinking right out the window. Maddie would look amazing having one of those orgasms. Her body would flush all over. Her hair would loosen from its knot and fall about her face. Would she scream? Would her body buck? Would she call out his name?
Oh Hell. Now he was thinking about Maddie having an orgasm when he was supposed to be thinking about...what were they talking about again? Jeez, it was hot in the restaurant.
"What happened?" she asked, eyes agog. "Did they fire you?"

"Huh? Oh, uh, no. And why does everyone keep asking me that?" 
Focus, Hennessy, don’t scare her off before the mind-blowing orgasm.
 

She shrugged. "It's just that you got into trouble a lot in high school, so I thought..." 
"That I was still that high school kid?" He scoffed. "Give me a little credit. I've changed in the last fifteen years."
He should be annoyed but he liked honesty and it seemed Maddie had it in brutal proportions, just like her sister. He definitely wasn’t the only one to have changed in the last fifteen years. 

At least she didn't tell him he was an idiot like Carla, his girlfriend. 
Ex
-girlfriend. She'd decided she preferred dating a CEO to a nobody and had packed her bags after telling him how selfish he was for not thinking of her before quitting. It seemed she was under the impression that using his corporate credit card to take her friends out to dinner when he worked late was in his job description. 

"Still want to go on a date with an unemployed bum?"
"Of course. But maybe we should go Dutch."
He grinned. "No way. I asked you out, so it's my treat. I think I can still manage a pizza."
"Are you sure?" She glanced over her shoulder at him as she walked back into her bedroom to retrieve her purse. "Because I can eat a lot of pizza."



 






CHAPTER 5
 
Joey's Pizza Parlor was full of families enjoying a Friday night out. Sam seemed to like the noise and activity of excited children high on Coke and junk food. Maddie wasn't so sure. She liked kids, but a volume control would be nice. 
They sat in a corner and ordered a pizza each. Sam doubtfully asked her if she could manage on her own.
"I told you I liked pizza," she said. "And I've got a big appetite."
"I like that in a woman. And you don't show it."
"I hope not. I've worked hard enough on the treadmill to make sure it doesn't."
"You run on a treadmill?" He shook his head. "You should try the great outdoors. It's much more exhilarating running in the open air, the breeze on your skin, the smell of—"
"Dog doo-doo on your shoes? No thank you. Besides, I run kind of funny. People will laugh."
Sam laughed. 
"See!"
He took her hand and rubbed his thumb across the fleshy part between her thumb and forefinger. She froze. Sam Hennessy was touching her again. Twice in one night! Wait till she told Cynthia Bolowski. Damn, but it felt good. Made her feel warm and gooey inside.
He let go, and Maddie missed the intimacy.
"I'm not laughing at you," he assured her, glancing around the restaurant. He looked a little flustered but she didn't know why. She was the one sitting opposite her high school idol. He was sitting opposite the high school nerd. Maybe he was embarrassed.
But he seemed to compose himself. "If you come jogging with me tomorrow around Albert Park I promise I won't laugh. Even if you run like a girl."
She rolled her eyes. "I think I'll pass."
"Why?" He studied her and she glared back at him but lost her nerve after only a few seconds because he had eyes like a deep lake, easy to drown in. She didn’t want to drown. She focused on the table instead. 
"It'll be fun," he went on. "I like company when I go jogging."
"Well I don't." Maybe. She had no idea because she'd never run with anyone else before, and she wasn't going to start now. She had to be careful not to get too comfortable around Sam, or too close. This fling wasn't permanent and certainly wasn't going to last beyond the weekend. Probably he'd regret asking her to join him by Monday morning, after she stopped using Pheramour. No point starting something now that would only make them feel awkward later.
"So tell me, Sam," she said, hoping to distract him, "why did you leave National Paints? I thought you had a great job there."
"I did. I gained a lot of experience, but it was time to move on."
"So you've got another job to go to?"
"No."
"Oh. But you'll be looking of course."
He shook his head. "I think I'll start my own business. I've always wanted to renovate houses. I love restoring old places, peeling back the layers to discover their original glory then breathing new life into them."

"Sounds wonderful." She meant it. It 
sounded
 great, romantic even, but the reality was probably quite different. Dusty for starters, and messy. Very messy. "Old places have character. Take my house for example. It's got so much character it gets frightened during thunderstorms. Seriously, it trembles and everything."

He laughed, a deep, throaty laugh that resonated in his chest. Maddie wanted to press her ear to his ribs and listen to that laugh all night. Of course, the added bonus would be feeling the hard muscles she suspected lay beneath his shirt.
"How about I make your place my first project. You live in an inner city weatherboard don't you?"
Uh-oh. "I can't afford to pay you."
"I won't charge an old friend."
"We weren't friends. You barely spoke two words to me in high school and when you did—"
He held up his hands in surrender. "Okay, okay, I get the picture. So we weren't close. I was two years older, so I guess it's not surprising. Anyway, I won't charge you. You're my best friend's sister-in-law. Besides, Linda would skin me if I asked you to pay."
Maddie relaxed. Thank God he'd stopped her before she put her foot in her mouth and mentioned the nerd thing. She didn't want to dig up the past when the evening was going along so nicely. "Lucky you worked at National Paints," she said. "I guess you gained a lot of knowledge about the right paints to use."
His brows forked. "I guess. I never thought of it that way."
"You never planned it to happen like this?" That didn't make sense. Everyone with a dream made sure they followed a path that would help them to fulfill it one day. Sort of like studying or doing an apprenticeship. Why else would he work for a paint company if he wasn't interested in using paint in his dream job?
"I only recently decided I wanted to start my own renovating business." He shrugged. "I mean, I've always been a handy man and I like old houses, but I didn't think about turning my hobby into a job until I quit National."

"Oh." She blinked at him. He quit 
before
 he made his decision? "How strange," she said weakly.

"You think so?" He rubbed his jaw. "I never plan too far ahead. I prefer to go with the flow. If a job offer comes my way and it feels right, I take it. When it no longer feels right, I quit. I guess I'm fortunate in that I'm in a financial position to start up my own business now. It'll take a while to get going and money'll get tighter but," he shrugged, "I'll just ask the bank for a loan when that happens."
Maddie couldn't believe what she was hearing. She wanted to stand up and shout "madness, just madness" like some loony character from a B-grade horror movie, but that would attract too much attention.
"Have you worked out how long you can survive before you'll need the loan?" she asked.
"Nope."
"But surely you've got a plan, at least in your head."
"A plan? You mean a financial one?"
She leaned forward and nodded. This was her area. Plans were what she was good at. "Yeah, like the cost of materials, a fee schedule that you'll charge in the first year, the second and so on until the business becomes viable."
He shrugged. "I used to do all that stuff in my day job. It got pretty dull after a while."
"The banks will need it."
"And I’ll give it to them when the time comes." He gave her a typical Sam Hennessy lopsided, who-gives-a-damn grin. "Don’t worry about it, Maddie. It’ll all work out fine."
That grin unhinged her. She’d been thinking about financials and business plans and then he completely turned her mind to mush with that smile. Not to mention what was happening to her insides. Her stomach was flip flopping all over the place and her inner thighs, well, she never knew there was a pulse located down there.
Damn, but he was handsome. Gorgeous. The best looking man she'd seen. So why was such an attractive and friendly man still single? Usually she'd be asking herself an additional question—what the hell was he doing there with her? But she knew the answer to that. Pheramour. 
She hid her smile behind her hand. Thank God for chemical reactions because she was going to enjoy this while it lasted. As much as her conscience would allow anyway. 
Or maybe beyond that, like into the bedroom kind of beyond. Definitely maybe.
"Answer me one question," she said, trying to focus. "How did you get to be CEO of National Paints with such a lousy business brain?"
His frown deepened. "Gee, don't spare my feelings or anything."

"Sorry. But I 
am
 a little curious."

He shrugged. "No big secret. I can talk. End of story. I know what to say, when to say it and," he leaned forward and brushed his fingertips lazily down her cheek to her chin, "how to say it."
Oh yeah, did he ever. That one simple movement, so tender but so masculine, unlocked something deep inside. Her throat and chest constricted. Her tongue went dry and thick. Imagine that seductive touch over her entire body, down her stomach, her thighs, her...oh boy. 
"It's a talent, and it's got me through more interviews, press releases and meetings than I can count."

Get a grip, Maddie. It’s only the Pheramour talking.
 "How many different jobs have you had?"

He glanced up at the ceiling just as their pizzas arrived. "Including the gig where I dressed as a hot dog at Jerry's Hot Dog House when I was fifteen, I think it's about twenty-eight."
"Twenty-eight! I've only had two. One during university at a book store and this one at BioDerma was my first after uni."
He picked up a slice of pizza and piled the topping back on when it fell off. "You haven't lived until you've had at least ten."

She shook her head. "I won't have 
that
 many. I plan on moving up the ranks at BioDerma in the next eight years but after that I'll consider switching companies, unless BioDerma can offer me something worthwhile to stay. Then I'll be where I want to be and I'll retire at around fifty. Of course, if I have children that'll put everything on hold by about a year but that's okay because I've factored that in." She'd been factoring it in for years now, readjusting every time a relationship fell through.

He stared, mouth open to receive the pizza halted mid-route. "Sounds like you've got it all figured out."
She chewed and nodded. Her work life was running like clockwork. It was her private life that lagged behind the schedule by approximately three years. She was supposed to be married with one child by now, the second one to be conceived early next year.
If only meeting decent men was as easy as studying for an exam or mixing a few chemicals to develop a non-allergenic hand cream, she'd have the whole marriage and baby thing all wrapped up by now. 
Sam was the complete opposite. He'd floated aimlessly through life but somehow managed to land on solid ground. Women fell over themselves to date him, he drove a Porsche and he was about to turn his hobby into his dream job. 

The only way 
she
 could get a date was to trick a man with a synthetic pheromone.

Life really sucked sometimes, but it could be worse. She could be sitting across a pizza tray from Beaker right now if he hadn't left work early.
***
Sam tried not to look at the woman sitting in the passenger seat of his car, but he was a sucker for a curvaceous figure and a sexy mouth. 
He couldn't believe how much fun the date with Maddie had been. Not only was she easy on the eyes, she was great company. Funny, smart and a sassy attitude to keep him on his toes. Not to mention challenging. He liked a challenge.
He tried to remember what she'd been like in high school but he couldn't. She was a distant memory. Not a bad memory, just a fuzzy one. She'd been quiet, shy and, as he'd said to Linda earlier, immature. Considering he was two years older, a huge gap for teenagers, it wasn't surprising he thought of her that way. 
The only other clear recollection he had of her was the time she'd made him feel stupid. He'd had a science test to study for and she'd tried to explain her sure-fire way of remembering the chemistry symbols in the table of elements. To have his friend’s little sister tutor him had been embarrassing enough, but when he’d failed miserably because he couldn’t remember a single element, it had been downright humiliating.
Ever since then he'd been a little intimidated by her intelligence and purposely avoided her. He hated admitting that, but fifteen years later, thankfully, he was man enough to understand it at least. 
Not that he could say it out loud. His ego would never forgive him. 
"Where are we going?" Maddie asked.
"Mount Dandenong."
"Make-out Mountain? I haven't been there for years."
"Me either. Thought it would be nice to reminisce up there. It's got a great view of the city."
"It might be full of horny teenagers."
Then he'd blend right in. He felt like a teenager again, wanting to touch this sexy woman everywhere and hear her whisper his name. Or shout it. Yeah, definitely shout it.
Only this time, it wasn't just any girl he happened to ask on a date at the last minute. This time it was Maddie Clarke, high school brain who'd turned into the only woman he wanted to be with right now. He'd known it since last night at Pete's place. Thankfully, she hadn't taken much convincing. And thankfully Linda had pushed him to take the first step.
Mount Dandenong's lookout was deserted so Sam was able to angle the Porsche to get the best view of the city. Not that he planned on seeing much of it.
"Guess the teenagers have found another place to make-out," said Maddie, digging her nails into the car seat and staring straight ahead.
Sam leaned across and touched her hand. "Don't be nervous."
"Nervous? I'm not nervous." She laughed. "What makes you think I'm nervous?"
"You're tearing up my car seat."
She retracted her nails. "Sorry."
"Don't be." He rubbed his fingers along hers. She had nice hands, fine-boned and slender with shortish nails. He liked short nails. The long, talon-like ones made him anxious during foreplay. "They're just car seats."
"Expensive car seats."
He shuffled closer and placed his arm across the back of her seat. "Don't worry about it. I'll be selling the Porsche now that I'm going into the building trade."
The Porsche was just a car. It hadn't always been just a car, it had once been his kick-ass dream car. The one he'd always wanted to own. The one he'd wanted to drive past Mr. Dixon, his English teacher, and shout, "See! I did amount to something." 
But that was when he'd graduated from high school. The sentiment disappeared when he left Melbourne, but his idea of the dream car had remained. Eventually that had evaporated too when he actually bought the Porsche three years ago and he realized it was nice to drive and great for picking up women, but Chewy, his golden Labrador retriever, didn't fit in the back seat unless he had the sun roof open. Combing out the knots from Chewy's coat was a chore he could do without. 
Sam would sell the car as soon as he bought a place of his own. Not that he didn't like living with his mother again—it was nice having home cooked meals—but he hated the constant questions about where he was going and with whom. 
Some things never changed. Tonight, when he'd said he was going to see Maddie, his mother had actually praised him on his choice. During high school, she used to shake her head and mutter "She's a floozy" no matter who he dated. 
Once he got his own place, he'd retrieve Chewy from the Sydney friends taking care of him, then he'd get a Chewy-friendly car. One that carried planks of wood and dogs. That sort of car would probably spoil his chances with a lot of women, but too bad. He was past the phase of his life where he had to impress the opposite sex. 
Although Maddie didn't look like the sort of woman who worried about leather seats, a five-stack CD player and 500 horse power. She was practical. He was ready for practical. Practical far outweighed flighty any day. Practical meant someone to get him ready on time, someone to remind him of important dates without worrying if he forgot their eight and a half week anniversary. Practical was definitely good. Especially if it came in a package like Maddie. Sexy, delicious Maddie with her ride-me hips and innocent eyes. A heady mixture.
He moved as close to her as the gear stick would allow. Mmmm she smelled good. 
"Sam?"
"Hmmm?"
"Why are you sniffing me?" She leaned back towards the door. 
Damn. Too far away to kiss. "I like the way you smell."
She raised her brows. "You can smell it?"
"Your perfume? Yeah." He breathed in again, drawing the scent of Maddie deep into his lungs. 
She flinched. Was she self-conscious about her smell? If only she knew how wild it drove him.
"I'm not wearing any perfume."
"Then it must be just you. You smell like my favorite flower."
"What's that?"
"The one that smells like you."
She snorted. "Using all your old lines on me, Sam Hennessy?"
What the hell did she mean by that? He sighed and sat back, a little stab piercing just below his rib cage. "I don't have any lines, Maddie." He looked down at the twinkling lights of Melbourne below them. It seemed so small from their vantage point, like a toy city. "Not any more anyway."
"Riiiight."
He turned to her but she was looking out the side window, her face shadowed. "Are you mad at me for something?" he said.
Maddie cringed. Why couldn't she have kept the sarcasm out of her voice? Sam Hennessy had been with a lot of girls during high school, but so what? He might be reformed now. He might be...
Okay, okay, he probably still dated a lot of women, but tonight he was with her, so she should just make the most of the evening. She’d be crazy to let a chance like this slip by without kissing him.
But it was more complicated than that. She was enjoying herself with him, more than she'd thought she would. She’d expected to be bored, or worse, disappointed that he didn’t live up to her fantasy. But he did. 
Damn.
Now he wanted to kiss her. It seemed that Pheramour was working, except for the glitch of the slight odor. What else could explain his behavior? He'd almost kissed her!

Perfect. It’s what she wanted. Sam Hennessy hot for her. 
Her
!

Wasn’t it? 
Pheramour was successful beyond her highest expectations, and she was absolutely, positively ecstatic about that. Couldn't possibly want it any other way. Nope. Nuh-uh.
Damn.



 






CHAPTER 6
 
Maddie swallowed the lump in her throat and forced her reservations to shut the hell up. Get back in there, girl, and go for it. This is a once in a life-time opportunity. Kissing Sam Hennessy won’t happen again this century.
"No," she said, "I'm not mad at you. I was just kidding around." She tried to sound light, girlish, like the sort of woman he’d like.
"Oh." Sam grinned and Maddie melted. He had an amazing smile. His lips curved up to form a perfect Cupid's bow and two dimples punctuated either end. She wanted to touch them and taste his soft, kissable lips. 
"Good. I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression of me," he said. "I’m not the kind of guy I was in high school."
"What kind of guy is that?" she asked innocently.
"The kind that didn’t know a great girl when he met one."
Ah. Right. She was sure he meant something by that but her scrambled brain couldn’t think properly. "And I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression of me," she said.
Even as she said it, she wondered what the right impression was. Deep down she was still the nerd he'd accused her of being years ago, only now she'd added other layers to her personality to hide it. But when push came to shove, she was still the same person, still a boring nerd. She organized her books alphabetically by author, she read science journals and she made love with the light out. Not even a lamp on.
Would that bother him?
"No wrong impressions here," he murmured. 
How had he got so close without her noticing? The man was as stealthy as a panther and had more tricks up his sleeve than David Copperfield. And he looked at her the way she looked at dessert. The intensity behind his stare unnerved her. She felt naked and vulnerable, and yet beautiful at the same time.
"Oh. Good." Her voice was so high, the words sounded like they came from Mickey Mouse. "So are you taking me home now or what?"
The "or what" hung in the air between them. If his answer had the word kiss in it, she was going to get out of the car and walk home. As much as she wanted to taste his lips, her conscience couldn't allow the date to go that far. He had no control over his behavior because of Pheramour so it wasn't fair to—
The kiss she was trying to avoid took her by surprise. Once she got over her initial shock, no way could she stop it. Her conscience could go take a hike. This was Sam Hennessy! She could definitely allow the date to progress beyond the friendly chatter they'd exchanged up till now. 
It was just a kiss, not sex. 
But what a kiss! Heat arrowed through her body, scoring a direct hit on her inner thighs. The kiss was hard at first, but softened, became slow and consuming like a brush fire. He tasted of pizza and he smelled all male. The combination was delicious and Maddie sank into his lips, wanting his silky tongue in her mouth, on her throat, her nipples...everywhere.
Most dreams never live up to expectations when they become reality. Sam Hennessy's kiss not only lived up to her childhood fantasy, it exceeded it with flying colors. She'd give him an A+. Kissing him was everything she'd dreamed of all those years ago in Cynthia's tree house. 
Everything and more. The young Maddie had never imagined it would be so hot, so passionate. He had the softest lips of any man she'd ever kissed. And when he cupped her cheeks and gently stroked her face with his thumbs, there wasn't a word in the dictionary to describe the sensations thundering through her body. 
Wow, the man who'd kissed so many women was kissing her! The man she’d dreamed of for fifteen years, had her locked in a thrilling embrace.

Oh God. What if she wasn’t doing it right? How could 
she
 live up to 
his
 expectations? 

She pulled away, then instantly regretted the loss of contact. A wisp of air separated them, cooling her. She sighed involuntarily and licked her lips to try and taste him all over again. 
Why in hell had she broken the kiss?

But it was the right thing to do. She was the school nerd. She may have changed, but she hadn't changed 
enough
 for Sam Hennessy to want to kiss her. Not without Pheramour.

"What's wrong?" He lifted her chin with his thumb and forefinger to look into her face.
She jerked her head away so she didn't have to look in his eyes. Those blue pools were like a truth serum—how could you lie to someone with such honest, trusting eyes?
"Nothing. But I think I'd like to go home now." 
Damn it, why did she have to think? Why did she have to analyze and decipher and calculate? Why couldn't she be one of those women who kissed men just for the hell of it? 
Because she was Maddie Clarke, and thinking through the consequences of actions was what she did best. She couldn't change that fact even if she'd wanted to.
Sam shuffled back to his side of the car. She thought she heard him sigh but she must have been mistaken. Sam Hennessy wasn’t a sigher. Although there were definitely waves of chilly confusion coming from his direction. 
He revved up the Porsche and drove down Mount Dandenong, his face lost in the shadows. They drove in silence back to Maddie's place, giving them both time to think about what had happened. As much as she tried to convince herself otherwise, she had enjoyed the kiss, she just wished the atmosphere wasn't so tense between them now because of it. The silence practically throbbed.
"Maddie," Sam said when he parked the Porsche outside her place. He rubbed his jaw and looked everywhere except at her. "I'm sorry if I did something I shouldn't have up there. I just couldn't help myself. Forgive me?"
How could she not? His crooked smile revealed one sexy dimple and his long lashes framed eyes that, now they were looking directly at her, made her knees quake. 
"Nothing to forgive," she said breezily. "It was just as much my fault."
"Sure was." His voice was husky, low. "Can I come inside?"

Uh-oh
. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Why? Afraid I'll kiss you again?"
Not half as afraid as she was of sleeping with him. 
She got out of the car and he followed. He took her hand and led her to the porch steps. He sat on the second one and drew her down on the top, her feet on the step beside him. He leaned back on his elbow and stretched out his long legs. Insects serenaded them from the depths of the evening darkness. Maddie breathed in the fragrant summer air, relaxing for the first time since the kiss. No, since before then. Since he’d strolled back into her life as if he’d never been gone.
"Beautiful night," Sam said quietly. "I miss Melbourne's nights. Sydney's just aren't the same. Sounds silly I suppose, but the stars seem brighter down here. It's nice to come home and just sit outside like this on a warm night and watch them."
"You still consider Melbourne home, even after all these years?"
"Yeah. I did a hell of a lot of growing up here."
"You did a hell of a lot of all sorts of things, but is that a reason to come back? Especially when everything's changed so much?"
He fingered the cuff of her jeans. "Some things changed." His knuckles grazed her ankle and Maddie caught her breath. "Others not so much, but I see them differently now. Maybe that's why I'm back." He glanced up at her and his eyes twinkled in the moonlight. "To discover the things I missed the first time round."
Oh boy. So much for loosening up. Everything inside her suddenly coiled up like a tight spring. 
"Relax," he said, laughing softly. 
"I’m relaxed." About as relaxed as a mouse that had just spotted a cat prowling outside its mouse hole.
Sam’s hand rubbed slowly up and down her calf beneath her jeans in what she supposed were meant to be soothing strokes. She felt anything but soothed. Her pulse rate spiked and blood pounded between her ears like a waterfall. Sam Hennessy was coming onto her. First the kiss, now the leg thing. Yep, definitely coming onto her. She didn’t need to have a science degree to read the signs.
Thank God she’d shaved her legs. 
"Maddie," he said, massaging her calf muscle. 
"Hmmm?" He was good. He definitely knew how to lull a girl into a false sense of security. She was aware she had to be on her toes right now but damned if she couldn’t think straight. Not with Sam Hennessy feeling up her leg.

Boy, she was in 
way
 over her head. None of the guys she’d dated in the past had made her feel this good. None had taken the time to gently caress her calf like this. They all seemed to want to start at her chest. 

"Are you going to invite me inside?"

Oh. So he did want something more. She should have guessed. He 
was
 male after all. "It’s nice out here," she said.

"Yeah, but these steps are getting hard."
"Your car seats are soft." She cringed as soon as she said it. It sounded like she wanted him to leave and she definitely didn’t want that. He might have only one thing on his mind, and it might have been put there thanks to Pheramour but it felt sooo good. To hell with it. The opportunity to kiss Sam Hennessy wouldn’t come around every lifetime so she might as well make the most of it in this one. "But so is my couch. Let’s go."
She led the way inside and pointed at the couch. He made a show of testing the cushions. "Yep, they’re softer than the steps." He sat and stretched his legs out under the coffee table, looking like he belonged exactly there, on her couch, in her lounge room. All he needed was the TV remote.
"Coffee?" she offered.
"Got any ice cream?"
He was kidding, right? "You want ice cream?"
"Yeah, sure. Why?"
"Well," she regarded him quizzically, "it’s not very sophisticated."
He shrugged. "I’m not a very sophisticated guy."
"It’s not low fat," she said.
"Good."
Where did he put it? He didn’t look like the kind of guy who ate ice cream every night. She went into the kitchen and came out a few minutes later with two bowls of triple chocolate and handed one to Sam.

He ate his with all the attention ice cream deserved—in deferential silence and with a great deal of attention. He even licked the spoon clean. She watched it slide in and out of his mouth, his tongue lapping up every last morsel, his eyes half-closing with the goodness of it. For a moment, she even forgot to eat her own ice cream, 
that’s
 how good the show was.

When he finished, he put his bowl on the coffee table and watched her. She pretended she didn’t notice when all the while her body was aware of his eyes on her, taking in every little thing she did to that spoon just as she had noticed him. 
Unfortunately she spoiled the moment and spilled some ice cream down her chin and it dripped onto her lap. What a loser.
"Here, let me get that."
Before she realized he meant the drip on her chin and not the one in her lap, he’d already pressed his mouth to her lower lip. His warm tongue darted out and licked away the ice cream. Oh, yesssss. He was the world’s best kisser, no doubt about it. Gentle yet insistent, exploring without probing. Tingles radiated from every corner of her body and bubbled inside her like fizzy cola. One shake and she’d explode.
Without breaking the kiss, he took her bowl and placed it on the coffee table. One hand then went to her hip, his other scooped around her lower back and pulled her to him in an expert move. 

Pressed against his hard body, she couldn’t go anywhere and certainly didn’t want to. This was too good, 
he
 was too good. Slowly, slowly, the coil inside her unwound. The tension of earlier eased and then completely disappeared, leaving her feeling like the ice cream she’d just consumed. Melted. Gooey through and through. 

"That’s better," he murmured against her lips. "Now, how about seconds?"
He wasn’t referring to ice cream. He kissed her again while his fingers caressed her thigh, tickling and teasing. She shifted and somehow the movement brought his fingers closer to her crotch. He cupped her through her jeans, pressing the stiff fabric into her most sensitive area. She gasped into his mouth. He smiled against her lips as he unbuttoned her fly.
In one swift movement, he opened it and slid his big hand down between jeans and panties, finding her clit without seeming to try. The only thing separating skin from skin was a filmy piece of pink cotton.
Oh boy! She heard her own ragged breathing, her gasps and sighs, but didn’t care. To Hell with what she sounded like, this was Heaven with a capital H. 
She arched her hips up to meet his fingers, wanting them to explore further, deeper, beyond the panties. Christ, what had she been thinking wearing underwear! The damn things only got in the way. 
His mouth moved to her throat, nibbling and licking the sensitive flesh, driving her closer to something she knew would be amazing. She didn’t know how she knew but if Sam Hennessy was involved, it had to be extraordinary. And all the while one of his fingers rubbed her through the thin fabric, now moist with her juices. Heat swept over her, caressed her skin and drove her wild. God, if it was this good with just one finger, imagine if his cock were inside her.
That thought reminded her of her selfishness. Something she wanted to correct and fast. For years she’d wondered what his penis would feel like and now she had the perfect opportunity to find out. Just as he had done to her, she pressed her hand to the front of his jeans. The hard length of his erection strained against the denim, long and thick. 
It was all for her.

He moaned into her mouth and she felt his body shudder. 
She
 had caused that. Her hands. The power of it was thrilling. What would happen if she touched skin with skin? 

She unbuttoned his fly—
The phone rang. She ignored it and continued with her task. But it rang. And rang.
She swore. What if it was important? Who rang late at night anyway? Oh no, Linda! The kids!
She broke the kiss. "I have to get it."
"No you don’t," he rasped.
"I’ll never be able to keep my mind on the task if I don’t know who’s calling." She got up and refastened her fly as she ran for the phone. "What?" she said into the receiver, half-irritable, half-anxious.
"It’s me," came Linda’s too-perky voice.
"What’s wrong? Everyone okay?"
"Yeah, sure. Why wouldn’t they be?"
"Because you’re ringing me at," Maddie checked her watch, "quarter past eleven. Shouldn’t you be in bed?"
"Shouldn’t you?" Linda said, teasing. "Well? How’d it go? Did you kiss him? Did you do the deed?"
Almost. Maddie risked a glance back at Sam, still sitting on the couch. He’d done up his fly and was watching her with equal parts curiosity and annoyance. Damn but he was sexy with his lips swollen from kisses and a lazy, take-me smile softening his features. 

It hit her like a slap to her forehead. He’d wanted her. He’d wanted to do it right there on her couch. With 
her
!

Or was it Pheramour making him want her? 

Crap! 
Way to go, Mad, you sure know how to let reality destroy fantasy.

"Well?" Linda prompted.
Pete’s voice in the background said, "Hang up the phone and come back to bed."
"Do as your husband says for once," Maddie told her sister. "I’ve gotta go." Go and make excuses to the hottest guy in Melbourne. 
He was going to think her insane. She probably was, but she couldn’t do it. Now that she was thinking properly again, she couldn’t let the evening progress any further. Not as a scientist, not as a woman, and not as a friend. She couldn’t take advantage of Sam while he was under the influence of Pheramour.
Damn, damn and crapola!
She heard Linda demand to know what had happened but Maddie said a quick goodbye and hung up. She turned back to Sam and made a big production out of yawning and stretching.
"Boy, I’m tired. Really, really tired."
Several beats passed in which he watched her from beneath lowered lids. No way did he believe her but he finally lifted one shoulder in a shrug and stood. "Guess we’ll see each other around sometime."
"Yeah, sure. Thanks for the date."
"Thanks for the ice cream." He leaned down and she thought he was going to kiss her on the cheek but instead he whispered, "and everything." His nose and lips brushed the spot beneath her earlobe as if he wanted to taste her there, smell her.
Her eyelids fluttered closed and it was all she could do to stop herself from kissing him again. The man had so much magnetism he was dangerous around metal, and women.
"Bye," he said, withdrawing way too quickly.
Her eyes flew open and she tried to pretend she was completely at ease and in control when in reality her head was spinning and her heart racing. She couldn’t let him walk out, not like this. 
Yet she had to.
He opened the door himself because she was rooted to the spot. Then he was gone. She still couldn’t move. Didn’t want to. Didn’t want to break the spell of Sam Hennessy still lingering in her house. When she finally did, it was to take the empty bowls back to the sink but not before she picked up his spoon and licked it all over.



 






CHAPTER 7
 

Sam was on his morning jog around the lake when he decided Maddie needed to loosen up. Something had wound her up so tight last night that she'd pulled away from the kiss. Granted, the phone had rung at completely the wrong time, but she hadn’t been willing to rejoin him on the couch and restart what the call had interrupted. She’d shut him out and turned him down cold when 
he
 was still hot all over. 

He was going to kill Linda when he saw her next. 

That was an easy decision. The big question was, what to do about Maddie. Should he confront her? No, he wasn’t a confrontational kind of guy. He could let it go, let 
her
 go, and get on with his life. Nope, he didn’t like that idea either. The only alternative was to pretend it didn’t happen and get right back in there. He’d distracted her once with a kiss, he could do it again. 


Good plan, Hennessy
. Keep her occupied so she couldn’t think about whatever issue was stopping her from losing control with him.


He got the feeling that when Maddie Clarke lost control, she 
really
 lost control. He wanted to be in her life when she did it. Maybe it was her sense of humor, or perhaps it was the way they'd clicked last night, but he knew she was capable of letting her hair down and experiencing life the way she'd never experienced it before. 

"Hey, Sam-my-man!" The shout came from Pete standing on the grassy open area nearby, a small football in his hand. Emily and David stood a few yards away, waving. 
"Come play with us," shouted David, running towards Sam. Emily followed. Until she flopped face first into the grass.
Sam trotted over and picked her up as Pete approached. 
"Thanks," he said, puffing. "Did you hurt yourself, Sweetheart?"
Emily, tears spilling down her cheeks and bottom lip wobbling, nodded. "Ow." She pointed to her knee, green from grass stains.
Sam rubbed it. "Do you think a milkshake will make it feel better?"
The tears stopped. "Chocolate?"
"Of course. Is there any other kind?"
"Not for a female," Pete muttered.
"But Dad," said David, taking the ball from Pete, "I thought we were gonna kick the footy."
"How about we play ball first," said Sam, "and have milkshakes after."
David grinned and ran off with the ball. Emily wiggled and Sam let her down to run after her brother. She fell over twice but there were no more tears.
"You're a natural at this," said Pete. "Ever thought of having any of your own?"
"Sure." Especially lately, now that he was home and his future seemed so much clearer. "I just haven't found the right woman yet." He ran after the ball that David threw too far to the left.
When he returned, Pete said, "Maybe you and my sister-in-law should get together." He snorted, apparently thinking it was a crazy idea. "Linda tells me Maddie wanted to have kids by now, but she hasn't found the right man yet."
"Really?" Sam smiled as he tossed the ball gently back. It slipped through David's hands, bounced off his shoe, and hit Emily in the chin. She stuck her bottom lip out but didn't cry. Apparently chocolate milk shakes were powerful incentives for three year olds.
"Yeah. And Heaven forbid Maddie's plan should be off-schedule. You remember what she's like."
"Not really. I remember her being smart and shy, but that's about all. Did Linda tell you I saw her last night?"
"Yeah, she said something about it. Did you bump into her?"
"Not exactly. We went on a date. Your wife thought it would be fun to set us up."
Pete took his eye off the ball and it hit his cheek. David and Emily fell on the ground laughing and Pete smiled. "Good shot, David, your aim's getting better." He tossed the ball back. "My wife set you up on a date with her little sister? I really need to talk to Linda about letting me in on her schemes before she puts her foot in it." He received David's throw and kicked it back. "So, how was it? Did you get to first base?"
"Pete, we're not in high school anymore. I don't kiss and tell now."
"Ah ha, so you did kiss her."
Sam groaned. "I've changed these last few years. I don't count a date's success by the number of bases I reached."
Pete sighed. "That's it, we've officially hit middle age. You were my last hope and look what's happened. You've gone all respectable on me."

Last night definitely couldn’t have been counted as successful. When a date left him aching all over and with a painful hard-on, it definitely couldn’t be called great. Although it hadn’t been a complete failure either. She 
had
 kissed him. She’d almost done so much more too.

Damn Linda and her late night phone calls.
"So are you going to see her again?" Pete asked.
Sam watched Pete and Emily both run after the ball, clash heads and fall over laughing. "Yeah," he said, smiling. "I think I will."
David ran up to them. "Hey, Sam, can we have our milkshakes now?"
"Sure thing. Ready Emily?"
Emily, hot on the heals of her brother, nodded and slipped her hand inside Sam's. "Weady. Let’th go Tham."
***
Maddie wanted to curl into a ball and die when Sam rang. How was she supposed to face him again after sharing an intimate moment then kicking him out of her house? He must think her weird at best, frigid at worst. Crap. Why couldn’t she have just put her brain aside for one night and thought with another part of her anatomy instead? The part that still throbbed when she thought about his hand down her jeans.
In the end, she managed not to curl up and die and even agreed to see him again. It was the adult thing to do. The right thing to do. It also gave her another chance to test Pheramour. No point in wasting the entire weekend.
Fortunately he wasn’t picking her up until the afternoon because Maddie needed hours to get ready. It felt like her first ever date with a boy all over again. Choosing just the right outfit, trying not to bite her nails to the quick and thinking about what to say. Except this time, her date didn't wear braces or keep a calculator in his pocket. And he was the sort of date other girls drooled over.
She tried to calm her nerves by convincing herself she was doing this in the name of science. It was just another day to test his response to Pheramour, nothing more than that. Definitely nothing more. She may not be able to test it the way she wanted to, in a controlled environment, but she could give it her best shot under the circumstances. 
That’s it. No going further this time. As soon as she saw the signs, she would end the date. Like last night. No, not last night. Way, way sooner.
She was bathing in diluted Pheramour when the doorbell chimed. 

Déjà vu
. The man had very bad timing. Or very good timing if seen from his perspective. He'd get an eyeful again. She hiked up the towel as best she could, clamped a hand to the swell of her breast and opened the door.

Sam smiled lazily down at her. He wore his regulation jeans and white T-shirt, a few stray forks of jagged hair falling across his forehead. He looked sexier and cooler than ever. How was that even possible?
"You're early."
"I couldn't wait." His gaze brushed across her skin where breast met towel. "I'm glad I didn't."
Face heating, she turned and led the way inside. "I'm beginning to think your timing is off on purpose."
"I'm only a man."
She headed to the bedroom where the clothes she wanted to wear for the day were folded on the end of the bed. "Help yourself to coffee," she called back to him. "I won't be long."
"You know," he said, suddenly right behind her, his voice a hoarse whisper in her ear, "you don't have to get dressed right away." His knuckles skimmed lightly down her arms and he kissed the top of her bare shoulder. "I don't mind."
Her quiver was involuntary and damn inconvenient. He must have felt it. Now he knew his touch sent her into a spin. Or was it the room that was spinning? Oh boy. If she wasn't careful she was going to lose it. 
She couldn't afford to lose it—not when Pheramour was the reason behind his attraction. 

The flutter in the vicinity of her heart brought her senses crashing back to reality. That was a good thing. Definitely a good thing. She could 
not
 let him get under her skin. Too much was at stake. 

Like her heart.
"Don't," she whispered, pulling away. She heard a sigh behind her as she closed the door. 

In the safety of her bedroom, she dressed in a thin pale pink push-up bra and matching, high-cut panties which she'd bought for a date nearly a year ago but chickened out of wearing at the last minute. She figured she needed to do something different in her life, just once, and since she was dating Sam Hennessy—another first in her life—she might as well 
feel
 sexy. 

She put on a flighty, knee-length summer skirt and tight T-shirt over the lingerie and admired what expensive underwear could do for a girl's figure. She applied makeup, then took it all off. No need to encourage him too much. On the other hand, she was going out in public and she didn't want people wondering how such a plain, nerdy looking girl could snare a man like Sam. 
She re-applied pale peach lipstick and black mascara then brushed her hair. It had no effect on the unruly mop. The dark curls had a will of their own and sprang out from her head at weird angles. It looked messy so she forced it straight back into a ponytail and secured it with a heavy duty hair clip. She pushed her glasses up her nose and studied her reflection. Not too bad considering what she had to work with.
"Ready," she said, returning to the living room. 
Sam leaned against the bench of her adjoining kitchen, ankles crossed, mug in hand, oozing sex appeal. He drained the contents of the mug and placed it in the sink. "You look fantastic," he said approaching. 
She rolled her eyes. Pheramour. "Let's go." She pushed him out the door.
"Wait." He reached out and undid the clip holding her hair. It tumbled around her shoulders. "Better."
"Really?" She touched a curl bouncing near her cheek. "I always thought it made me look like a shaggy dog."

"You're cute but you're not 
that
 cute."

She frowned and he caught her shoulders, pulling her gently to him. Her breasts pillowed against the hard muscles of his chest and her nipples tightened at the contact. His lips lightly brushed hers. "I was kidding."
That was a kiss. That was definitely a kiss. Oh God, Sam Hennessy just kissed her again and she had no idea what to do or say next. So she said nothing and followed him out to the car like a zombie. 
"Where are we going?" she said, sliding into the Porsche’s passenger seat.
He climbed into the driver’s side but instead of starting up the car, his gaze settled on her thigh. She pulled down her skirt as far as it would go, which wasn’t far. Maybe she should have worn something longer, like a sack.
"The market," he said.
Ten minutes later they found a parking spot in busy St Kilda and joined the throng of people wandering around the market on the Esplanade. On a warm summer day like today, people flocked to the cosmopolitan area looking for a bargain but usually ended up buying junk they didn't need.
Maddie and Sam shopped, ate ice cream cones and shopped some more. The only thing Maddie bought was a wooden tray with cows painted on it. She needed a tray—the cows she could do without, but the only other choice was chickens. Sam bought five second-hand books, a broken clock, a cup without its matching saucer for his mother and a chew toy for his dog. 

Maddie rolled her eyes at every purchase—he assured her he'd get around to reading 
War and Peace
 one day—but held back any comments until he bought the cup. 

"What will your mother do with a cup and no saucer?"
He held the cup at eye level, turned it, flipped it over and studied it. "It looks like one she already owns. If she breaks the original she can replace it with this." He grinned at her. "See, I'm thinking ahead, like you."
"Me?"
"Yeah. You know how you like to plan ahead."
She frowned. "You noticed?"
"Well, yeah. How could I not? You directed me here so we'd miss the traffic and you planned our route around the market so we'd hit the ice cream stand at five minutes past one when you figured you'd be hungry."

"I said 
around
 one, not five past. Besides, that's all logical and efficient."

"I know. Good thinking." He stood so close she could smell the citrus scent of his soap.
"Being efficient and logical is just sensible. You got a problem with that?" She couldn’t keep the challenge out of her voice even though she regretted her words as soon as she said them. Of course he’d have a problem with it. Most people would. Most people thought she was odd to plan and plot her way through life. Maybe it was odd, but it was her way. If Sam liked her less because of it then he could go to hell where all her previous boyfriends resided.
There. That sounded ballsy. Score one to Maddie.
Pity she felt like she’d lost the game.
"I wouldn't have noticed your planning fetish unless Pete and Linda mentioned it," he said.
"Oh really," she said tightly. "Remind me to thank them."
He smiled down at her and tugged on a curl. "Don't be mad at them. It's a good trait. I like a woman who knows what she wants."
So why did Maddie get the feeling he was patronizing her? Was it the teasing tone of his voice? Or the way he tugged on her curls? He and Pete used to do that all the time when she was a kid. It annoyed the hell out of her at thirteen. At thirty it drove her nuts. If Pete did it, she'd punch him hard on the arm, but it was an entirely different ball game with Sam. A game where she didn't have a clue about the rules, the opposition team or even what stadium she was playing in. 
Being around Sam was screwing with her head. 
She tried to think up a witty retort to his comment about her planning fetish when someone called her name. She turned towards the familiar voice and nearly smacked into a person she'd managed to avoid for an entire year. 
"Justin! How nice to see you again." She pecked her ex-boyfriend on the cheek, clenching her jaw to stop her teeth from grinding. The sight of Justin usually made her want to do that these days. Or knee him in the family jewels. Funny how she'd never had violent tendencies until she'd learned he'd cheated on her after only a month of dating.
"You look great," said the tall, blond jerk...er, jock. "Done something with your hair?" He put a hand up to touch a curl but withdrew it suddenly after glancing over her shoulder. His Adam's apple bobbed up and down like a buoy in a storm.
Maddie spun round and Sam grinned at her, both dimples on full display. The effect was one of cherubic innocence. 
Yeah, right. Sam, cherubic? Or innocent? Not likely.
"Oh well, gotta go," said Justin with a wave. He took off. Fast.
"Who was that?" Sam asked. "Looks like he should be performing in a boy band."
"Very funny," Maddie said, rolling her eyes. "Actually Justin and I used to date."
"You dated that jerk?"
She raised both brows. "Wow, you're good. It took me over a month to realize that. Maybe I should take you on my next dates—"
His glare stopped her from putting her foot further into her mouth. Probably not a good idea to talk about dating other men in front of the guy she's dating, or sort of dating, or doing whatever it was they were doing. Maddie shrugged off her comment and flashed a smile but his blue eyes had dulled. 

Me and my big mouth
. 

Oh well. He'd get over it once she stopped using Pheramour. 
"We need to talk," he said, taking her by the arm. "I’ve got something to say to you. But not here."
Uh-oh.



 






CHAPTER 8
 
"Wait! I want to see the rest of the market." She jerked her arm free and walked off. She didn't really care about the rest of the market, she just wanted to avoid getting personal with him. Maybe he wouldn't notice her tactic, but she was a terrible liar. Pinocchio had a better chance of getting away with lying than she did.
"Okay, we'll walk around some more," he said, not sounding happy about it. "Then we're going somewhere to talk."
Not if Maddie could help it. She stopped at every stall, commented on every knick knack, read the back cover blurb of every secondhand book. 
"Oh, look at these little jump suits," she cooed at a table full of knitted children's clothes. "Wouldn't Ronan look cute in one of these?"
"Very cute." Sam's voice rumbled behind her. He'd stopped sulking about ten minutes ago and she hoped he'd forgotten about the little talk he'd wanted to have. Nothing like an excess of shopping to numb a man’s brain.
"I'm getting one," she said.
"While you do, I'm paying a visit to the gents."
He squeezed her shoulder and his fingers lightly caressed her arm. Oh boy. That simple touch reminded her of last night, of his warm kisses, his smooth skin and his hand down her jeans.
"Are you interested in one of those jump suits, Ma'am?" said the man behind the table.

Focus, Maddie
. "I'll take this blue one."

"Great choice." He took the jump suit and placed it in a brown paper bag. As they exchanged money, his fingers touched hers. Deliberately. Whoa! What the hell? She knew a pick-up touch when she felt one. 
When she glanced up, he smiled at her. He was in his late thirties, a little taller than her with brown hair and eyes. He had a pleasant face, not handsome, but nice to look at nevertheless. 
"Was that guy your boyfriend?" He nodded in the direction Sam had taken.
Good question. What the hell was Sam to her? Definitely not her boyfriend. Hell, he wouldn't even be interested in her after the weekend. 
Ouch. Admitting that hurt. She tried to smile even though her heart was somewhere down near her toes and her stomach was churning. Although that could have been from too much ice cream.
"He's just a friend," she said.
The man smiled again, a nice open smile. "Good. In that case, would you go out with me tonight?"
Wow, he was fast. He must be tuned into Pheramour in a big way. She knew it wouldn't work on all men, even natural pheromones didn't, but at least she had some validation that it worked on more than just one. Two, if Justin counted. She was pretty sure he would normally have given her a wide berth if he saw her in public, but instead he’d come right up to her. 
Yep, Pheramour was definitely working. No doubt about it. It was exactly what she and Beaker had hoped. 
She could have kicked herself though. She should have been watching the reactions of other men in the market—and last night at the pizza parlor too—but she'd been so engrossed in Sam she'd almost forgotten this was an experiment, not a date. She wasn't meant to be forming life time attachments to anyone. Or having sex with them on her couch, or elsewhere, for that matter.
Maddie rubbed her stomach. Damned ice cream. Probably she should've avoided the second scoop.
"I'm busy tonight," she said to the vendor. "But thanks for asking."

He looked disappointed. Too bad. She felt sorry for him, but what could she do? He was attracted to Pheramour, not her, and she didn't want to give 
two
 men the wrong idea. It was going to be bad enough when Sam lost interest after she stopped using it, she didn't think she could face more than one disappointment. Some women would get a kick out of the power Pheramour gave them but Maddie only felt guilty for messing with their emotions. 

And her emotions. Sam's attention, his feelings, weren't real. It was only a matter of time before his olfactory senses returned to normal and when they did, she was going to have to get used to the idea. She couldn’t afford to wallow and feel like, well, like she’d been dumped. 

But being with him felt so good, so wonderful, that a sense of loss would be inevitable. She knew that like she knew the sky was blue. The little demon inside told her Sam's rejection would sting when she finally revealed the truth to him. She needed to prepare herself for it. Not encourage him too much, and definitely 
not
 sleep with him. 

Maybe she should reject him first. That might help ease the pain. Or not.
She watched Sam as he approached. He was all tightly packed muscle on a lean frame, his walk lazy, not quite a swagger, and his shoulders wide and perfect for snuggling into. Desire coiled through her and headed south. She swallowed. Not sleeping with him was going to be torture. Perhaps fondling on the couch might be permitted...
Who was she kidding? Fondling last night had nearly led to sex. She couldn’t rely on Linda to call her whenever things got hot and heavy with Sam. She couldn’t rely on her scatterbrained sister for anything.
Sam grinned when he saw her. "Guess what I was thinking." The sparkle was back with a vengeance in his blue eyes. "Have they still got the paddle boats on the ake?"

"Huh?" 
Great. Real intelligent response, Maddie
.

"Want to go for a ride on a paddle boat?"
Paddle boats only held two people. That meant close proximity to Sam. Alone. The thought sent ripples of excitement through her. Or was that the ice cream again? Most likely it was gut-wrenching terror. Being alone with him would lead to a talk about what was happening between them. Bad bad idea.
She looked up into his smiling face. He looked like he'd forgotten her earlier reference to dating other men, so maybe she was safe from a deep and meaningful conversation. What the hell. It was time she stopped over-thinking every situation and just did something spontaneous for once.
"Sure," she said. "Let's go."
They drove the short distance to the lake and hired the last paddle boat. The others were already on the water, filled with twelve year olds using them like dodgem cars to topple each other out. The paddle boats were sturdy but not enough to stop a few of the smaller girls from going for an unscheduled swim.

"This reminds me of when I was a kid," said Sam. He looked just like a kid too—dimpled cheeks, hair ruffled by the wind, jeans rolled up to the knees. He paddled hard towards the middle of the lake and Maddie was happy to let him go. No point in them 
both
 getting tired. 

"Are you going to help me here or do I have to do all the work?"
"You're doing so well on your own, and I'm enjoying the scenery more this way."
He stopped paddling once they reached the middle and the boat drifted gently across the surface. Ducks and swans swam nearby, not seeming to care about the much larger creature sharing their lake. It was peaceful on the water, the noise from the traffic and crowds only a distant hum carried by the breeze. Maddie settled into her seat and enjoyed the serenity.
Until Sam placed his arm around her shoulders and drew her close. "This is nice," he said. "Just like when we were teenagers."
She leaned away and looked at him, one eyebrow arched. "I don't recall coming here with you as a teenager."
"You came here with your friends, right? Pete and I used to pick up girls in these boats." He chuckled. "Actually, we used to bump their boats until they fell in the water and got all wet. That's how we found out Mary Ellen didn't wear a bra."
"Mary Ellen's got four kids now." It was all she could say to keep the image of a bra-less Mary Ellen out of her head.
"So what about you?" Sam asked, looking at her through lowered lashes. 
"I always wear a bra."
He laughed. "I mean, did you come down here and drive the men crazy in your wet T-shirt?" His gaze lowered to her breasts and heat prickled her neck. 
"Not exactly crazy." Not with her extra pounds. And she was more likely to bore them to insanity in those days. Back then, her conversational skills were limited to test scores and homework. She liked to think she’d progressed beyond that but going by her track record with men, she couldn’t be entirely sure.
"You would now." His hot breath warmed her neck. He kissed her just below the ear and his hand touched her waist. 
Oh boy. Now what? She was stuck in the middle of the lake with a man she'd wanted to bonk ever since she'd heard of sex, and now he was kissing her again. There was nowhere to go. 
The hand felt warm on her stomach and his lips soft as he nibbled her throat, her ear, her lips. She squeezed her eyes shut as the kiss deepened and clenched all her muscles so she wouldn't give in to the urge to jump him. 
"You feel so good," he murmured against her lips. "So soft. And you smell fantastic."

Smell? Maddie jerked away and pulled herself together. 
It’s just Pheramour, Maddie, not Sam
. Nope, definitely not Sam. "I think we should go back now." 

He blinked at her, his eyes half hidden by long lashes. "Not yet," he said, voice rougher than gravel. He took off his T-shirt and Maddie had to grip the sides of the boat to steady herself. 

Mama Mia!
 His tanned skin was drawn tight over hard, corded muscles and a light dusting of hair trailed down his broad chest to his ridged stomach. Her fingers twitched, wanting to entwine themselves in the tiny curls disappearing into his jeans.

Down girl. 
He made a sound in the back of his throat which she couldn't identify—maybe he was sniggering—and turned away, giving her a very pleasant view of a very powerful and smooth back. He was a mighty fine example of the male species. Oh yeah, a woman could dig her fingers into a back like that and hang on while he—
Sheesh. She needed to cool off. 
He turned round again and touched the side of her mouth with his thumb. Had she been drooling? Or was he going to kiss her again? Neither if his mischievous grin was anything to go by. Had he known what she’d been thinking?
She blushed. Of course he knew. Sam Hennessy knew everything about women.
He stood.
"What are you doing?" She gasped. "You're not going in the water, are you?"
"Why not? I need to cool off." He grinned crookedly down at her. "You look a little hot yourself. Coming?"
She eyed the murky water. It wasn’t dirty but it wasn’t crystal clear either. She couldn’t see the bottom. "No thanks. I haven't got spare clothes."
"Don't worry about that. The sun will dry us off quick enough."
She glanced around. People milled on the banks and kids paddled around them in their boats. Some splashed in the water, others swam around after falling out, chasing each other and laughing. It looked refreshing and fun but not something she'd usually do, especially when wearing a short skirt and white T-shirt. 

Then again, maybe that was exactly why she should jump in. Do something out of character once in her life. Hell, she was thirty, she'd been in the same job since college and never done anything more radical than sign a petition or two. She 
should
 do this.


Maddie stood, then remembered what she was wearing 
under
 her skirt and T-shirt. Very skimpy, very see-through underwear. If she got wet, 
everything
 would be on display. 

She chewed her lip. On the positive side, at least someone other than herself would get to see her expensive lingerie. On the negative side, it might encourage Sam. She couldn't afford to encourage him any more, not when Pheramour was the motivator. She might not have the will-power to say no again.
"I don't think so," she said sitting down again. "People will see."
"So? Come on." He held out his hand. "Jump in."
She shook her head. 
"Why not?"
"I think the question should be why?"
He shrugged. "Just for the hell of it." He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, making the boat wobble. 
Maddie gripped the seat and glared at him. 
"Come on, Maddie, don't think so much about it, just do it."
She sighed. Maybe it wasn't such a big deal. The sun would dry her quickly. All she needed to do was cover herself until it did. And it was about time she did something to break out of her good girl image. She was getting tired of it anyway and it hadn't got her where she was supposed to be except in a job which paid her bills but no longer inspired her the way it once had.

Oh hell, she 
should
 jump in. She looked at the water again. Did doing something radical have to involve getting wet? Maybe she could try a different cuisine instead. Tibetan sounded interesting.

She glanced up at Sam. He looked like the devil with a wicked half-grin as he rocked the boat. It was only a matter of time before they both toppled in. 

"Stop it, Sam." If she was going to get wet, it would be when 
she
 was ready and not by falling out of the boat and making a fool of herself in front of everyone. In front of Sam. 

He sat down with a thud. "What's wrong, Maddie? Why are you being such a—"
"Nerd?" 
"I was going to say—"
He didn't get a chance to finish. Another paddle boat, powered by two teenage boys, slammed into them. The boys thought it was hilarious. So did Sam when Maddie slid off her seat and into the water.



 






CHAPTER 9
 
When she surfaced, Maddie bit back every swear word in her vocabulary. The teenagers might be brats, and probably knew more expletives than her, but she wasn't going to let it rip in front of two kids. 
Sam leaned down and lifted her up onto the paddle boat. By the time she settled into her seat, the boys had paddled away. 
"You're lucky I don't know who you are," she shouted after them, "or I'd be calling your mothers."
Sam chuckled. "I'm glad I didn't do it. I wouldn't want you telling on me to my mother."

His eyes dipped from her face to her chest and a small, strangled sound escaped his throat. She crossed her arms over her breasts but not before she saw what he saw—white T-shirts and sexy lingerie were 
not
 a suitable combination for swimming. 

Her face and neck heated. "I think we should go back to shore."
Sam cleared his throat. "Not yet." He handed her his T-shirt. "You might want to place this over your lap until you dry off."
She glanced down. Oh no! Her skirt was see-through too! And her panties were...oh hell. Sam had got his money's worth on this date. She snatched the T-shirt off him and placed it across her lap. 

"Fine, we'll paddle around here for a while. But I am 
not
 doing any of the work." 
Ha! Take that, Pervert.

Sam didn't seem to mind. He took them from one end of the lake to the other. Neither spoke. That suited Maddie. At first. But after wallowing for a few minutes, her initial embarrassment ended and she wanted to vent some anger. 

He still thought she was a nerd. He'd practically said so. What a way to insult a woman on a date! She thought she'd changed since high school, but apparently she hadn't. She might be older but she was still unmarried, childless, in the same job since college and she was 
still
 a nerd. 

God, she sounded boring, even to herself. She might as well carry a calculator in her pocket and wear bottle-thick glasses. 
It was a stark reminder that in no way would Sam date a nerd. Not for real. Not without the intervention of Pheramour.
She sighed and glanced at him, but he was lost in thought, paddling slowly back towards the bank. She'd give a million dollars to know what he was thinking. Then again, maybe she was better off not knowing. Her ego was fragile enough.
Sam couldn't think. The image of Maddie's perfectly round, plump breasts was imprinted on his brain. He closed his eyes and the weight of warm, full flesh filling his palm helped make the image three dimensional, and very, very real. Wow, she was an amazing woman. 
He opened his eyes and glanced at her. Her arms were still crossed firmly over her chest and steam practically rose from her ears. Probably now wasn't a good time to complement her on her figure. Her luscious figure that swelled in all the right places.
Damn, he could kick himself. He shouldn't have tried to get her into the water, and he shouldn't have let those kids get so close.

He half smiled. If he saw them again, he'd have to thank them. They'd got her all wet and it wasn't his fault. Not really. He frowned. So was she annoyed at 
him
 or just annoyed at the world in general, especially teenage boys? Or maybe the teenaged boy he’d once been.

He blew out a breath. Women were so complicated. Why couldn't they be like men? Men only thought about three things—sport, sex and food. Not necessarily in that order but all three at once was a universal fantasy.

Something bugged Maddie and not just that she was all wet. Something else, something that held her back whenever things got hot and heavy between them. And that bugged him. Was it to do with ending their relationship? 
Was
 this a relationship?

He didn't have a clue. She'd already implied she wasn't interested in dating him exclusively, so maybe that was his answer. She wanted to see other guys. Maybe she already was.
His chest constricted and he sucked in a breath in an attempt to alleviate the pressure. He didn't want to share her with other men. Maybe he should've mentioned that. 
He glanced at her. She was really hot, and smart and funny, and cute even when she was mad. Men must be falling over themselves to be with her, so it wasn't surprising she didn't want to be exclusive. Maybe he could learn to share, if that's what she really wanted. At least that way he'd get to keep seeing her. 
Then again, maybe not. He wouldn’t share, not her, not ever. Nope. She was his. She just didn’t know it yet.
He touched her arm. "Maddie? You okay?"
She still had her arms crossed over her chest. Probably just as well. They were approaching the bank—their time was up—and she was still damp. He didn't want other men ogling her. There'd already been too much of that today. He was the only one allowed to ogle those beauties. 
She looked sexy with her hair tumbling down her back, her flimsy skirt and stretchy T-shirt barely hiding a figure that made his groin ache. When they’d been walking through the market, nearly every man between the age of eighteen and eighty had taken a second look. 
"I'm fine," she said.
Yeah right. She was very far from fine. She was still fuming. He could almost hear her teeth grinding. 
"I'm sorry, Maddie." If only he knew what he was sorry for... 
She sniffed and turned away. Okay, so she didn't want to talk about it. Maybe later.
He docked the boat and jumped out. He went round to her side to help her out but she was already striding off. He jogged after her.
"I'll take you home," he said, not sure what else to say. 
She didn't answer.
The hot sun had almost dried her, but that didn't improve her mood. Sam half expected thunder and dark clouds to follow them but it was sunshine all the way. Somehow it didn't seem right.
They drove in silence. At her place, he got out of the car and followed her to her front door but she spun round and blocked his entrance. 
"See you round," she said and slammed the door. On his foot. 
He howled and swore, probably louder than he needed to, but it got the desired result. She quickly reopened the door and touched his thigh. "Oh, Sam, are you all right? I'm so sorry." 
"It'll be better if you let me in."
She withdrew her hand and glared back at him. "Look, it was a nice day. Sort of. Let's just leave it at that."
He was getting the brush off. He hadn't had the brush off since...ever. It hurt. It was also confusing. What had he done wrong?
"Why?"
She shrugged. "We're not compatible. I don't think this will work out."
He blinked at her. "Why the hell not?" But he didn’t get an answer because she'd shut the door on him. Short of breaking it down, he didn't have a clue how to get her to re-open it.
***
"Hey, Pete, tell me," Sam said as he jogged beside his friend, "when a woman slams her door in your face after a date, does it mean she never wants to see you again?"
"Not with Linda," Pete said between puffs. "That's her idea of foreplay." 
They pounded the pavement winding through the quiet streets around Pete and Linda's place before Pete added, "Are we talking about Maddie here?"
"Yeah. I think I hurt her feelings."
"What did you say?"
"Nothing! I think. We went down to the river and she kind of fell in."
Pete's laughter ended with a wheeze and coughing fit. They stopped so he could catch his breath. He bent over, hands on knees and heaved some air into his lungs.
"You okay?" Sam asked.
Pete nodded and held up a hand. When his breathing returned to normal, he said, "Did you push her in?"
"No!"
They started jogging again. "Maybe she had PMS. Whenever Linda gets cranky I know it's that time of the month."
Sam hadn't considered that. "Maybe. Or maybe I said something to upset her, but I can't remember what."
"That's possible. I'm always saying things to Linda that upset her but I never know it until she yells at me." He paused to catch his breath. "Half the time I still don't know what I did wrong even after she explains it to me. I find a kiss and telling her I love her makes everything okay again."
"That's not going to work on Maddie yet. What do you think I should do?"
"You're asking me? Jeez, Sam, you're the one with all the experience when it comes to women."
"But you're the married one, so you must have done something right along the way. None of my relationships have lasted longer than a year. I'm good at pulling them, it's the keeping them that gives me a headache. And Maddie's not like any woman I've ever known, so I don't think all my old techniques will work on her."
"True. She's one of a kind that girl. Don't get me wrong, I love my sister-in-law, she's a great girl, but thank God I fell in love with Linda and not Maddie. My wife might have a temper and be a little crazy at times, but she's a lot more predictable."
"Don't let her hear you say that."
Pete laughed and coughed, breaking his rhythm. He never quite got it back again, so Sam decided they should head home.
"How about a drink back at your place?" he said.
"Good idea." Pete sounded relieved and wasted no time turning round.
"So you think I should talk to her? Apologize?"
"Maybe you should just leave it."
Sam thought about it for a moment then shook his head. "Nope, can't do that."
Pete looked at him sideways. "You got it that bad, huh? In that case, I think you should talk to her, and apologize. Saying sorry never hurts."
"But I don't know what I'm apologizing for."
"Doesn't matter." He puffed heavily several times. 
Sam decided to stop talking. Pete needed to save his breath for the run home.
***
"I'm joining a convent." Maddie, sitting at her sister's kitchen table, sipped her second mug of coffee in an hour. It was her fourth for the day and it wasn't even lunch time. Her system buzzed. Probably she should lay off the caffeine but she needed some excitement in her life since sex with Sam wasn't an option. 
Or was it? What's a little thing like a broken heart anyway? Especially if she got to sleep with Sam. It would be worth the sacrifice.
"Can you wait till after Wednesday night?" asked Linda, jiggling Ronan on her knee. "I need a babysitter."
"Sure thing. What are spinster aunts for anyway?"
"You're not a spinster yet. You don't achieve that status until you're at least thirty-five."
Maddie groaned and banged her forehead on the table. "Life sucks. Men suck."
"Mummy," said Emily, coming through the door, "what ith Auntie Mad doing?"
"She's having a nervous breakdown, honey. It's nothing to worry about. Go and play."
Emily patted Maddie's arm then disappeared outside where David was seeing how far Palm Beach Barbie's head could spin round without snapping off.
"Do you think I'm having a nervous breakdown?" Oh God, what if she was? What did one feel like? If it felt like a caffeine rush then she was in serious trouble.
"Possibly," said Linda, "but I wouldn't worry too much yet. Wait till after Wednesday."
Maddie groaned again. "Nice to know I'm still loved."
"Maddie," Linda said on a loud sigh, "stop being so melodramatic. You dumped Sam remember."
"I didn't dump him. You have to be dating someone to dump them. We weren't dating, we were just..." She waved her hand in the air because she had no idea what to call her brief encounter with Sam.

But Linda jumped to her own conclusion. "Oh my God! You slept with him! Oh my God! I want details. I want to know everything. What were you wearing? Where did it happen? How big is it?" Her eyes were wide and Ronan gawped at the strange woman who'd possessed his mother. "I bet it's 
huge
," she added. "Dotty McQueen says it's the best she's ever seen, and she's seen a few."

Maddie screwed up her nose at her sister. "Too much information. And before you burst a vein, I didn't sleep with Sam."
"Oh." Linda thought about that for a moment. "Oral sex?"
Maddie shook her head.
"Phone sex?"
"No. I didn't even see him naked. Okay?"
"No." Linda sniffed. "Not okay. I'm disappointed in you. You got my hopes up."
Linda loved Pete, Maddie knew that beyond a doubt. But sometimes she wished her sister had lived a little before they'd got married because Linda's idea of a good time was to get all the juicy details out of Maddie after every date. Since none of her dates in the last six months had ended with her doing the horizontal mambo, no wonder her sister was behaving like a starved animal.
"Well, I did see him naked from the waist up," Maddie conceded.
"Oh my God! What was his body like? I bet he's got a fantastic chest."
"Hmmm, he sure has." Maddie curled her fingers round the mug and squeezed. "His skin's tanned and smooth, and there's a small scar on his left shoulder."
"Sexy," Linda said on a breath.
Maddie fanned her cheeks. "Is it hot in here?"
"Yeah." Linda grinned. "Lucky you didn't have sex or this room would be on fire." The sisters giggled into their mugs. "I know you don't like me prying," said Linda, "but—"
Maddie groaned
"Why aren't you still seeing him? What went wrong?"
Maddie sighed. She'd been thinking about that all night, ever since Sam had dropped her at her front door. Around midnight, after two glasses of wine and a tub of cookies and cream ice cream, she'd decided she could wear Pheramour for the rest of her life. It wouldn't cost much since the formula was in her notebook.
But she'd fallen asleep on the couch before she could harness her courage and by morning the idea’s original appeal had worn off. It was juvenile, stupid. Maddie didn’t do juvenile or stupid.
"He thinks I'm a nerd," she said, not wanting to tell her sister about Pheramour yet. It was like admitting she'd cheated, and she'd never cheated at anything in her life. Not even at Monopoly as a kid, which was probably why Linda always won.
Linda shrugged. "You are a nerd."
Maddie didn't bother glaring at her because it would go unnoticed. Besides, her sister didn't really mean it. Not anymore. Ten years ago she had, and Maddie had taken the teasing to heart, but now Linda only called her a nerd when they disagreed. It had almost become a term of affection between them. 
"But I don't want Sam thinking I'm a nerd. Calling each other names is not a healthy way to begin a relationship."
"Unless that name is Sweet Cheeks."
Maddie held up her hands and cringed. "I don't want to know what Pete calls you."
"It's not. It's what I call him."
"Eeew."
Linda smoothed down Ronan's hair, a smile on her lips. "Kidding aside, tell me what he said, Mad. We need to get to the bottom of this before, um, Ronan's nap time."
Maddie recounted the previous day's events, explaining that she didn't want to go in the water because she was wearing too-thin underwear, and he'd called her a nerd because of it. Linda roared with laughter when she got to the part where she'd ended up in the lake anyway, giving Sam and everyone else an eyeful. 
When she stopped laughing, Linda said, "So that's why Pete and Sam used to bump us off the boats. I always wondered about that." A smirk crossed her lips. "Now I know why Mary Ellen got so many dates. I thought it was because she had a swimming pool."
"Linda! Forget about Mary Ellen and tell me what I should do."
Linda sighed but ended it with a giggle. "Okay," she said, "so you broke up because he sort of called you a nerd—which he didn't really."
Maddie rolled her eyes. Semantics. "Well?"

"I love you, Maddie, because you're my sister, but you fit the Aunt Mad title perfectly." She threw up one hand, the other still wrapped around Ronan, and let it fall on her knee with a slap. "You just dumped Sam Hennessy because you 
think
 he called you a nerd. You're insane!"


Maddie chewed her lip. Maybe she should come clean. It was only Linda after all. If she couldn't confide in her sister, who could she trust? "It's not just that. It's the tip of the iceberg. Sam has never looked at me like, you know, he 
wanted
 me. Until the other day. All those years and he barely even spoke to me except to call me a nerd."

"He did that once, Maddie, don't exaggerate."

"Fine, it was only once, but that's enough. It just proves that we're entirely different people. I'm a nerd and he's Sam Hennessy for God’s sake. He's the bad boy and I'm the good girl. He shouldn't be attracted to me. Then or now. I haven't changed 
that
 much in fifteen years."

"You're right, he is Sam Hennessy, bad boy, so make the most of it. To hell with what might or might not happen later. Nothing you've said so far is convincing me."
"Then maybe this will. He only likes me now because of Pheramour."
"The love potion you're working on?"
Maddie nodded. "I tried it on myself before he came over Friday night, then again yesterday morning. It worked."
"Crap." Linda frowned down at Ronan then jerked her head up, her face brighter. "You weren't wearing any on Thursday night, and he liked you enough then to visit you on Friday."
"You sent him round on a stupid errand. And thanks for the shoes, by the way, but next time deodorize anything you've worn on your feet before you give them back."
"Sam wouldn't have taken the shoes to you if he wasn't interested."

"He's too polite to say no. Besides, he wasn't really 
that
 interested until Friday night."

"What happened on Friday night?" She leaned forward. "Did he kiss you? Was it good? I want details."
"Linda! I'm having a nervous breakdown. Be supportive."
Linda pouted. "So you think Pheramour is the reason for his sudden interest?" A slow smile crept across her lips. Maddie knew that smile. She'd seen it many times right before Linda convinced their parents to let her stay out late. It was the I'm-going-to-get-my-own-way smile. 



 






Suddenly Sexy


By


Kendra Little


Copyright 2013 by Kendra Little


kendralittle1@gmail.com


Visit Kendra at 

http://kendralittle.blogspot.com



Other Books by Kendra:


Billionaire Bad Boy


Bedding The Billionaire


Snapped

Dirty Deeds



Â 









