


Devotion








Alexa Riley







Contents



Devotion


Prologue




Chapter 1


Chapter 2


Chapter 3


Chapter 4


Chapter 5


Chapter 6


Chapter 7


Chapter 8


Chapter 9


Chapter 10


Chapter 11


Chapter 12


Chapter 13


Chapter 14


Chapter 15




Epilogue


Epilogue


Untouched




Chapter 1




Also by Alexa Riley


Stalk the Author














Devotion

by Alexa Riley



Aurora Adams has had everything in her life regimented. She’s been made to eat certain foods, wear certain clothes, and only do what her mother allows…all for the sake of her dancing career. Life is lonely and cold, but she doesn’t have a choice. When her mother decides to send her away for a year of training it’s just another blow to her already fragile heart.
Noah Hill has never had passion for much in his life. But one look at Aurora and his world ignites. From the moment he sees her on the stage, he knows she has to be his. When her mother stands in the way, he has no other choice.
Will Aurora finally have a chance to break free, or is she trading one cage for another? When temptation leads to devotion, maybe the truth isn’t so important.
Warning: He’s a billionaire set to kidnap the ballet dancer he sees on stage. What could possibly be any more wonderful!? Get your buns ready because we’ve got you covered!







Copyright © 2017 by Author Alexa Riley LLC. All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, email to riley_alexa@aol.com
http://alexariley.com/
Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.
Edited by: Aquila Editing
Cover Design: Perfect Pear Creative Covers







To the bottle of vodka that inspired this storyâ€¦











Prologue

Noah



I’ve never been a fan of the arts. Museums, plays, operas…all of it just sounds so exhausting. But sometimes they are a necessary evil. Especially in my line of work. A client and his wife are in town for a deal, and she begged for tickets to the ballet.
The ballet. Could that be any more pretentious? I want to roll my eyes at having to admit that I’m going along with them. But she wouldn’t take no for an answer since I got such good tickets.
I should have known better than to rent the whole box. Next time I’ll just get two tickets for an easy way out.
Tonight I have no choice, and I toss back another Scotch in the limo as we pull up to the front of the theater. At least if I’m going to be here I’m going to have a few drinks to get me through.
We are escorted to the box, and the couple sit close, looking over the edge and smiling at one another. I sit in the back next to the curtain hoping that if I fall asleep while the performance is going on, they won’t notice.
We order drinks, and I slip the waiter a hundred, telling him to make mine a double and don’t let it get empty.
By the time the curtains fall, I’m done with niceties and thankful for the darkness. I sit back in my chair and pray it will be over quickly. I can probably catch the tail end of the Mets game if I sneak out after the intermission.
When the music starts, the lights are still low, and a soft blue glow appears on stage. A lone ballerina stands with her back to the audience, with her hair down. It strikes me as odd, because they’re usually in those tight buns at the top of their head. But long dark hair falls down in waves as her arms slowly rise over her head.
The music remains low, almost chilling as only the strings are playing. The blue glow fills the stage now, and stars appear all around her. Twinkling lights shine against her long legs as she raises one leg above her head and holds it there.
Her body turns, and her chin is dipped down, so I’m unable to see her eyes. But the lights brighten and the music becomes louder as she unfurls her body and stretches her arms wide.
She raises her chin, and for a brief moment, I swear she looks right at me. Her piercing blue eyes bore straight into mine, and she pauses. It’s so fast, I don’t know if anyone noticed, but it was there.
The drums begin, and dancers from all around the stage join her now. The music grows and the lights brighten as the brunette beauty is lost in the crowd.
I squeeze the glass in my hand so hard it shatters, and I look down at the mess I’ve made. My client and his wife look back to me, but I grab a napkin and wrap my hand in it. I quietly tell them to finish the show, and excuse myself.
There’s a large cut across my palm which probably needs stitches. I knot the napkin tighter as I make my way down the back stairs and to the exit.
Several security guards try to stop my progress, but once I show them my injury they let me pass. Before long I’m at the stage entrance and off to the side in the shadows. From where I’m standing I can watch the dancers walk on and off the stage.
It doesn’t take long for me to pick her out of the crowd.
I spend the next two hours with my eyes on her as I try to keep my hand from bleeding. But as the show comes to a close, the rag I have around my hand is soaked and I’m too lightheaded to stand much longer.
I text my driver and meet him at the rear exit then have him take me to the emergency room. I have to let the frustration of not being able to see her go so that I can get this taken care of.
Besides, it’s not like I won’t see her again. I grabbed a playbill on the way out, so I’ve got her name.
Some people have told me I have an obsessive personality. That when I want something, I will stop at nothing to get it. That when something has my attention, I have tunnel vision.
I smile as the needle and thread go through my hand and think that everyone was wrong. One look at Aurora Adams and I was beyond obsessed.
But I like to think of it as devotion.











Chapter One

Aurora



Can a person love and hate something at the same time? How can something be the very misery of your life, but the thought of not having it is just as unbearable?
I slip down the stairs of my parents’ home, with one location in mind. But like always I pause when I look over at the refrigerator. The padlock is firmly in place.
My mother’s perfect kitchen looks odd, with big locks nailed into the wood cabinets and the looped chain that holds the refrigerator door closed. It’s sealed so no one can get in. No one but her. I don’t even know why she bothers. It’s not like she keeps much in there anyway. Anything worth wanting.
Still, the pang in my stomach reminds me that I’m hungry. It makes me feel like taking anything I can get my hands on. Grabbing the lock, I give it a little pull, but nothing happens. I feel the lump in my throat and I push it away. This isn’t new. I should be used to this. I release the cold lock from my hand, and the metal hits the stainless steel of the refrigerator. I cringe, praying it didn’t wake my mother.
I wait a second, holding my breath, but hear nothing. Letting out a sigh of relief, I head toward the back door, slipping out into the cool night air. The dampness of the grass makes my feet a little wet.
I stop and look at the little building that at one time felt like everything to me, the place my mother had built because she finally loved me. She saw something in me that was worth loving for the first time. I’d made her proud. For a time, at least.
Sometimes I can’t get out of that place fast enough. And other times I sneak in to be alone.
I open the glass doors and walk in, sitting down on the cold hardwood floors of the dance studio. I stretch, trying to make my muscles not feel so tight. They ache from being overworked, and what I really need is sleep. But my mind won’t let me have it. The pain in my muscles and the hunger that lingers from missing dinner bite at me.
I know the only thing that will give me peace is if I dance. It’s the only thing that makes everything else melt away. To dance for myself. To not think about the performance I have tomorrow. It’s when I feel most free. No one here to yell at me and tell me I’m doing it wrong. That my feet aren’t right or that I’m not trying hard enough.
When I dance for myself I don’t care about any of that. I feel the music and let it take me. I fall into a world where there are no pressures to be something I don’t want to be, to live up to impossible expectations, no matter how hard I try or how hard I work. It’s never enough for her. But in these small stolen moments, it’s enough for me.
And that’s all that matters. Until she wakes up.











Chapter Two

Aurora



I walk off stage and enter the large dressing room. I have a small part in a large production in New York, and I really like the troupe. But my mother is constantly speaking with the choreographers and directors for me to have more time in the spotlight. She controls every part of my dancing, and although it annoys me, it did get me the opening of the ballet. It shouldn’t make me feel good that I got it because of her, but as long as I’m able to get on stage, I’ll count it as a win.
When I make my way to the small table I sit at to put on my makeup, I’m surprised to see a large vase of flowers. My mother usually has a bouquet for me after every show, but she makes a scene about giving them to me when others are around. Not when I’m alone.
I see my name on the front of the card, and I reach out to take it. But before my fingers can land on it, the entire arrangement is out of my reach.
“I’ll take care of this,” my mother snips and walks out of the dressing room with the flowers. I open my mouth to protest, but the entire troupe enters the room and the place is filled with noise and laughter.
It’s the final show of the season, and while some of the dancers are going on the road with the show, I’ve been pulled.
My mother thinks that I need more training away from home and away from distractions. She said that I would never make the lead unless I took dancing seriously. She said it like dancing hasn’t been my entire focus since the day I could walk.
She’s arranged for me up to have a year-long training camp in Germany. I won’t have access to internet, my cell phone, visitors, nothing. Although it’s not like I have any friends to talk to, but the internet would have been nice. She said I can write letters to her if I want to, but she’d rather I keep my focus on dancing.
She said I’ll have a dancing instructor who keeps me on a strict diet, and I will dance morning, noon and night until I am absolute perfection. She also informed me that she used the money she’d been saving for my college tuition, so this is really my only chance to make it.
I argued with her, but there was no way around it. She said Germany wasn’t refundable, and if I refused to go she’d kick me out. For a few moments I had considered my options. But without a cent to my name and no work experience, my options were limited. I was never allowed to have a part-time job, so I never had my own money. It’s embarrassing to not have anything of your own, but when your life is regimented down to the food you put in your mouth, you sort of get used to it.
When I agreed to Germany, as we both knew I would, I began to dream of a place where I could find myself. Even if it was just a small piece away from my mother’s control. Something was better than nothing. And at the moment that was all I felt.
“Who were they from?” I ask my mother as she enters the room without the flowers in her hands.
“They weren’t for you,” she says while she smiles to the dancers around us, telling them what a great job they did tonight. She’s yet to tell me how well I did.
“I saw my name on the card.” I pull my brows together, certain I had seen my name in block letters on the little envelope.
“You were mistaken, Aurora.” Her glare is cold, and her words are final.
I grab my bag from the drawer and start packing away all my things. This is the last performance, and I have to take all my things with me. I leave for Germany early tomorrow morning. No sense in putting off the inevitable.
“We’re going to miss you,” one of the girls from the front line says as she comes over and gives me a hug. It’s warm and feels genuine, but even now, I can’t recall her name. “It’s a shame you can’t tour with us. Maybe next year when you get back?”
I smile and nod, thinking my mother must have told everyone my plans. A year off is a death sentence for most dancers. This career is for the young and the strong. But taking a year to hone your feet and come back on top is a chance anyone in the company would have taken.
A few of the other dancers wave as I walk out, my mother hot on my heels. She’s anxious to get me out of here. I think she’s scared I’ll ask if it’s okay to write to some of the dancers while I’m away. She doesn’t want any distractions, and isolation is her key to that.
I’m accustomed to being alone, so I don’t see how this will really benefit my training, but I just go along with it. I’m hoping to buy a few books at the airport and sneak them into my carry-on before Germany. I don’t know what’s allowed, but I plan on sneaking in some reading.
“The driver will be waiting for you at six in the morning tomorrow. I have your things already packed,” she says once we are in the car and on the way home.
“You’re not coming with me to the airport?” I ask, surprised she won’t see me off.
“No. It’s far too early. I’ll say my goodbyes to you at home.”
The cold finality of her words shouldn’t sting me, but it does. An entire year without seeing me, yet she doesn’t seem phased at all. I shouldn’t be surprised. I’ve always been more of an accessory than a child to her, and this is no different.
I stare out the window and watch the streets of New York pass by. The lights of restaurants I’ve never been allowed to enter gleam, and sadness washes over me. The most beautiful city in the world, and I’ve never seen any of it.
I wonder if this is what a caged bird feels like.











Chapter Three

Aurora



I stand in the entryway holding the handle of my one piece of luggage. The space feels as cold as it always does, but I wonder if that’s the reality or if it’s just because it feels so unwelcoming.
My mom wouldn’t let me bring anything with me. Not that I have much to begin with. She said I would be living and breathing dance, so all I really needed were clothes for that. She packed everything for me and tsked disapprovingly when I tried to add items. I was hoping to sneak a few books in, but to her that wasn’t a necessity.
The one thing I did love about dancing was that I had pretty dresses and shoes for some of the parties I was required to go to. I loved them. I didn’t love the events, because most of the time my mom made me stay by her side while she showed me off, but I loved having the dresses after.
Sometimes late at night I would put one on and wear it around my room all alone after I knew she was asleep. Sometimes I even pretended I was a princess waiting for my prince to come save me. It’s silly and childish, but I couldn’t stop myself from having some kind of fantasy about a life away from here.
I turn when I hear footsteps and see my mom standing there. I think I’ll miss the dresses more than her. That thought saddens me. It shouldn’t, but it does. I know my mother is mean, but on some level I think she has to love me. Maybe even miss me a little? Or maybe that’s just another one of my childish thoughts, and wishful thinking. There is a cold distance that has grown between us the older I have gotten, and sometimes I wonder if it’s because every year that I age is one less year I’m able to dance. And that’s the only thing keeping us together.
“Pull that hair up,” she says with an annoyed sigh.
Doing as she says, I reach for the hair tie on my wrist, pulling my hair up into a ponytail. I don’t know why she doesn’t like my hair. She even made a request to the production company that my hair be pulled up in the last show, but they refused, and Mom didn’t fight them. She never fights them. She’ll put on the fake smile and agree they are right.
When I hear the buzzer, I know my ride is here to take me to the airport. Disappointment hits me that my own mom can’t even be bothered to take me herself. I won’t see her for over a year. I don’t know why I still long for her attention, her kindness and care. I should know by now she’s not going to give it to me. Yet I still I take a step toward her to give her a hug goodbye.
“Don’t fuck this up.” Her hard words stop me in my tracks. “I want to see some improvement when you return, and get rid of that childish attitude. Grow up, Aurora.”
“Grow up?” My voice is almost a shriek, and I can hear my own pain.
I feel like I’ve been a grown-up my entire life. I was never allowed to do what the other kids did in school. I missed everything. School dances, football games, boyfriends, everything other than dance. I was always practicing, never getting to do anything else. Most of the time I feel old beyond my years.
“Yes! Grow up!” she snaps. “I have to keep a lock on the refrigerator because you have no self-control. No discipline.” She shakes her head. “I don’t know where I went wrong with you.”
I drop my head, looking down at my simple white flats.
“Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to go? With my luck they’ll change their minds.”
At her words I pick up my bag and turn, keeping my head down. Shame coats my cheeks as I fight the tears that want to break free. I pull open the heavy iron front door and walk out, not looking back at her. I’m sure she’s already gone, but seeing it would just be the final blow.
I walk out, then pause when I finally look up and see a black limo sitting in our circle driveway. A woman stands next to the open door, waiting for me to get in. I’m surprised they sent a limo for me. A feeling of excitement sparks within me, and I push away some of the lingering sadness. She’s on older woman, and I can see the gray hair around her face where it’s pulled back into a braid. She gives me a big sweet smile, and her whole face lights up at the sight of me. I like her immediately.
“Miss Adams,” she greets me, taking the bag from my hand and placing it into the trunk. “You’re even more beautiful in person.”
Maybe the place I’m going will be better than I imagined. At this point it already is, and I’ve only met the person taking me to the airport.
“Thank you. That’s really sweet of you to say,” I tell her as I slip in the back.
It’s still dark outside, and the interior of the limo is even darker. The woman closes my door, and my eyes adjust after a second.
A scream bubbles up in my throat, and I jump when I see a man in a suit sitting on the bench seat beside me. My hand flies to my chest, and I can feel my heartbeat trying to break through.
“Sorry, you scared me,” I say, still holding my hand to my chest and trying to shake off the fright.
He stares at me.
His dark hair and suit help him blend into the shadows of the car, and that’s probably why I didn’t see him at first. I glance up at his eyes, and they are just as dark as the rest of him. Everything about him is dark. Black stubble lines his jaw, and thick hair falls around his face. Sitting beside him, I can tell he’s easily twice my size, and all of him creates a presence unlike anything I’ve ever felt.
The locks in the limo click, creating an ominous atmosphere.
“I’m Aurora,” I say, trying to break the tension, but he doesn’t respond. He keeps staring at me, so I nervously push on. “But you probably already know that.” I let out a shaky giggle.
He reaches out his hand, and I freeze, unsure what he’s doing. I feel the limo pull away, and I have a moment of panic. Certainly, the limo driver must know this man is back here. He must be back here for a reason. He grips my ponytail softly, taking the hair tie out and letting it fall down around me.
He runs his fingers through the long locks, and for a second I almost lean into the touch, so unused to physical contact that I’m desperate for it. Even from a stranger. Midway through my last production, they changed a few of my dances so the male lead Sam was no longer touching me. No one has touched me in so long. My eyes fall closed as I enjoy the feeling. I moan, enjoying it.
His hand disappears, and I realize what just happened. I just moaned out loud. I look over at him and feel my cheeks burn. I wish I could see his face better, but the limo is too dark. Maybe he’s some kind of bodyguard or something. He’s big enough. But why would he pull my hair down?
The stranger leans forward and opens up the compartment next to me. Inside, I see drinks. A bottle of Coke, a chocolate milk, and some smoothie-looking thing with whipped cream on it. My mouth waters. Oh God. I’ve never had any of these before in my life. I stare at them, not sure which to pick. How silly is that? I start to reach for the Coke but change my mind and go for the chocolate milk. But then I stop myself again.
I look over at the mystery man, who’s still just watching me. Maybe he can’t talk.
“Can I have more than one?” I ask as I bite the inside of my cheek, feeling stupid. Maybe my mom is right and I don’t have any self-control.
Finally his face changes, and he smirks, showing off his perfect white teeth and a dimple. He nods at me. I grab the chocolate milk and lock my lips around the straw, sucking it down. I moan at the taste. I didn’t know something could taste so good. I look to the man, feeling embarrassed once again. I’m making moaning sounds over a drink, and I notice his expression has turned predatory. I stop drinking and scoot back in my seat a little. I don’t think I’ve ever been alone with a man before. Something in the air has changed. I can feel it running over my skin, and the instincts I should have had the moment I got into the car finally seem to wake up.
“Who are you?” For some reason the words are hard to get past my lips. They feel heavy, and I don’t sound like myself.
He leans close to me, but I can’t seem to focus anymore. I try to shift away, but my body isn’t listening. My limbs are heavy, and now I can’t make them move. He takes the drink from my hand, putting it back next to the others.
He smiles softly this time as he leans against his seat and takes my hand in his. I look down as his big palm engulfs my dainty fingers.
“Soon, little star, all will be explained,” I hear him say as my eyes fall closed.











Chapter Four

Aurora



When I open my eyes, I sit up too fast and then feel dizzy. I push my legs over the edge of the bed and drop my head in my hands to make the room stop spinning. There’s soft light coming in all around me, and I sense a cool breeze on the back of my neck that makes me feel instantly better.
I don’t feel sick, I just sat up too quickly, and it passes almost as fast as it began. When I look up, I glance around the room and see that it’s a large bedroom that is almost the size of my living room back home. There is a bathroom on one side, and on the other there are French doors that are open and lead onto a patio. I stand up and move toward the open doors. The cool stone of the patio on my feet makes me glance down to see I’m still in the same clothes from this morning, but now I’m barefoot. The jeans and V-neck shirt I have on don’t feel warm enough as the breeze hits all of me now. Looking out I see white sand that spans as far as I can see and dark waters crashing against small rocks that shoot out at various points on the shoreline. The tall grass edging the sand is blown in the wind, and beyond that there is nothing.
“This can’t be Germany,” I whisper to myself as I look at the landscape in confusion.
“Oh, but it is,” I hear a deep voice from behind me say, and I turn to see the dark man from the limo.
“Who are you? What happened? Did you drug me? What’s going on?” All my questions fall from my mouth, and I bite my lip to hold back the hundred more I have behind it.
“I thought it might make travel easier for you. Since you haven’t been out of New York before.”
He’s leaning against the doorway of the bedroom in the most unthreatening position. But right now, I’m on guard. His suit jacket is long gone, and his feet are bare as well. He’s wearing a gray shirt with the top button undone, and his hands are casually tucked into his pockets. His hair is pushed back, and his dark eyes travel up and down my body as I do the same to him.
“You didn’t answer my other questions.” I cross my arms over my chest as the breeze becomes cooler. I look over my shoulder and realize the sun is setting. Has it been a whole day already?
He pushes away from the door, and I tense, but instead of walking to where I am, he walks past me and closes the French doors. The cold breeze disappears, and instantly I feel better.
I don’t turn around when I feel him walk up behind me. Instead I stand my ground and keep quiet, hoping he’ll answer me.
“We flew most of the night, and then when we arrived in Germany, we took a boat out to this island. My island. You wanted to come here didn’t you?”
He’s still behind me, and I swear I can feel his presence inches from my body. I want to turn around and lean into it. What is wrong with me?
“Yes, I just…this is a strange way to do things.” I finally get out. I don’t know how to put this into words. I guess it’s like when animals fly and they get stressed out so it’s best to give them a tranquilizer for their own good. Maybe that’s what he was doing for me.
“My name is Noah,” he says, and I feel his breath caress the skin on my neck.
The shock of heat that floods through me has me spinning around to face him. He’s impossibly large as he looms over me, but he isn’t as close as I had envisioned. I could reach my hand out and still not touch him, but for some reason it felt as if he was only an inch from pressing into my body. My mind is playing tricks on me. Maybe it’s the drugs wearing off.
“You’re hungry. Let’s have dinner and I will explain it all to you.”
I hear a soft voice from behind me and turn to see the driver from this morning. She smiles at me brightly as she speaks German to Noah and then bows out of the room.
“That is Mrs. Elina. She runs the household and will see to all of your needs. She will join you after dinner to go over your schedule.”
Fear falls away, and a knot has taken its place in my stomach. I’m here to dance. I’m here to learn and to be disciplined. I am supposed to listen to my instructors and follow orders. Somehow I was distracted by how I arrived and pushed my purpose to the side. Now I need to focus and make sure that Noah sees me as a worthy dancer.
A thought of pleasing Noah plays through my mind, and once again I am hit with the heat I felt earlier. I duck my chin as I follow him out of the room and try not to have that same thought again while in his presence.
The house looks like an old castle with large gray rocks making up the walls. But the entire place has been updated with soft lighting and fluffy soft rugs under my bare feet. It’s old, yet it feels contemporary and comfortable. I had half-expected to be shown to a cell upon arrival and thrown a bowl of chicken broth twice a day. So far the windows that show off the view of the ocean are making this feel like something out of a fairy tale.
I feel his hand take mine, and I’m shaken out of my daydream. I hadn’t realized I stopped to look out the window until he smiles down at me.
“Plenty of time for that later. The dining room is this way.”
His hand leads me down a spiral stone staircase and through a large wooden door. At some point I think he is going to let me go, but instead his thumb caresses me with each step. In the dining room there is a long table that looks like it was made of driftwood. There are large comfortable chairs surrounding it, and a loveseat at the head of the table.
He walks me to the head of the table and indicates I should sit in the loveseat. It’s got a high back and blankets on one side and looks so inviting. I step past him and am a little sad when I have to let go of his hand to sit. For a brief moment, I think he might sit with me, but instead he leans over and grabs a blanket pulling it over my lap. Then he sits down on the chair beside me and settles in.
“You didn’t bring many warm clothes,” he says as he reaches for a glass of wine in front of him.
I look over to my place setting and see there is one in front of me, too. I’ve never had wine before, and though I’m curious, the last thing he gave me was drugged.
“I promise to not drug you again. It was only to get you here safely.” He reaches over, takes my glass of wine, and sips it before placing it in front of me again.
“I didn’t pack my suitcase,” I say before picking up my glass and taking a drink.
The wine is different than I expected. The girls in the dance company have complained about wine being sour and bitter. This is smooth and warm, however, and I feel it as it goes down into my empty stomach. I should probably slow down since I haven’t eaten in a long time and I’ve never drunk alcohol before. Just as soon as I have the thought, servers appear and place a basket of fresh bread and a bowl of creamy soup in front of me.
I look over and see Noah dipping his bread in his soup, and I follow suit. I don’t know the last time I was allowed this much food, and it’s so rich. I think I inhale it all in one breath, and I’m finished before Noah is even halfway through his. A pang of sadness hits me like it always does at mealtimes when my food is gone. But a nod from Noah and my plate is replaced with another that’s filled with roasted chicken and sausages, potatoes piled high and a mound of vegetables.
“Um. I don’t think I’m supposed to eat all this,” I say as my mouth waters.
“I brought you here, Aurora. You are under my care. I expect you to finish the meals you are given and to tell me if you are ever hungry and I don’t realize it.”
His stern look leaves no room for argument, and who am I to tell him no? I’m starving, and never have I been given a meal like this.
“While you are mine, you will do as you’re instructed. That includes dancing, but also with your daily activity. You will be required to eat…” He pauses as his soup is taken away and his second course if brought out. “…relax and sleep at any point I deem necessary.”
“Relax and sleep? This sounds like a vacation.” I smile as I work on polishing off my plate of food.
“Have you ever had a vacation?” he asks, and I shake my head.
“No. But I guess it’s what I imagine one would be like.”
I see the hint of his dimple, and it makes me smile again. My second plate is taken away just as I realize I’ve cleaned it, and a dessert plate is in its place. A square of warm pastry and apples are served with a side of cream, and I want so badly to eat it, but I know I shouldn’t. I’m not supposed to have any sort of sugar, and I can tell by the smell of it that it’s definitely a banned substance in my house.
“Eat,” Noah says and reaches out to tuck a dark strand of hair behind my ear. “Don’t be afraid to indulge, little star.”
The heat in my belly grows, and I don’t know if it’s from the wine, the food, or desire. One touch from him and I’m out of sorts. How am I supposed to control myself with a man that has this much power over me?
“What about my training?” I say, wondering why he’s being so lenient. I was expecting a tyrant, and here he is giving me dessert.
“I have had a studio built, and you are welcome to dance anytime your heart desires,” he answers simply and leans away.
I hate the loss of contact, but it helps me keep my head clear. “But I thought that’s why I came here. To learn to be the best dancer in the world.”
A shadow passes over his eyes. “I have business I have to take care of tonight, so Elina will answer your questions. Tomorrow, you and I can discuss your dancing and how you would like to proceed.”
It feels like a declaration more than a discussion, so I stop asking questions. This is only the first night, and I don’t want to get off on the wrong foot. Maybe there are other coaches here and that’s where my training will come in. Instead of dwelling on it, I pick up my fork and dive into the dessert.
It’s heaven on a fork, and I moan my way through the entire thing. My belly is fuller that it’s ever been in my life, and between that and the glass of wine, I can barely keep my eyes open. At one point I feel myself shift over in the loveseat with the blanket wrapped around me.
The next moment I feel warm strong arms around me as I’m being carried. I’m so tired that I dream of kissing the exposed skin on his neck and nuzzling into him as he holds me. I don’t fight the sleep or the feeling of him pressing his lips to mine.











Chapter Five

Aurora



I cuddle deeper into the bed, not remembering the last time I slept so well. I don’t even know what time it is. Rolling over, the deep rich smell of Noah fills my lungs as if he was in my bed. Sitting up, I look around to see if he’s in my room, but no one is there.
I crawl out of bed and go over to the window to look out at the vista before me. This place still doesn’t seem real. Nothing is adding up, and I’m not sure I want it to. The last twenty-four hours have been paradise, and I don’t want anything to change.
I hear a soft tapping and turn to see Elina standing in the doorway. “I was getting a little worried. You’ve been asleep for over ten hours.”
“I’m sorry. What time is it?” I ask, feeling bad. I should have been up early and ready to work.
“It’s a little past noon.” She takes a step into the room. “I thought you might like something to eat.”
At her words my stomach lets out a loud growl, making her and me both laugh. “Food sounds wonderful. Maybe I should freshen up first.” I look down, and it’s then I notice I don’t have any pants on. I’m still in my V-neck shirt but my jeans are long gone.
“Your things are in here,” Elina says, walking over to a door and opening it. I follow her and come up short when I see what’s behind the door. It’s a giant closet. A closet isn’t even the right word, because it’s bigger than my old bedroom.
“These aren’t my things,” I say, stepping into the room. Reaching over, I run my fingers down along a silk dress. It’s the deepest blue I’ve ever seen. The material feels so soft against my fingers.
“That one might be a little too dressy for today, but if you’d like to, it’s all yours, my dear.”
I let the dress slide from my fingers.
“How?” I ask, still shocked. My eyes bounce around the room, taking everything in. One whole wall is lined with shoes. The room is filled with everything a girl could want. I feel my eyes start to water. My favorite thing about dancing is when I get the opportunity to get dressed up. I love it.
“Well, you can’t run around without clothes on now, can you?” A teasing smile pulls at her lips, and I feel myself blush at the idea of running around naked. “Or maybe you can.” She shakes her head, the smile still playing at her lips. “How about this one?”
She picks up a white dress and hands it to me. I pull my shirt off and slide the dress on over my body and turn to look in the mirror.
It has little straps to hold the dress up while the top fits close. I feel Elina come up behind me and pull the zipper up, and it’s secure but comfortable. The skirt flares out, hitting mid-thigh, the cotton material cool and pretty. My mom would lose it if she saw me in a dress like this. I always had to get ones that went all the way down to my feet.
“It fits perfectly,” Elina says approvingly.
“Like it was made for me,” I reply, agreeing.
“Probably because it was.”
I look at her in the mirror, our eyes locking on each other. She’s so sweet. I wish my mother was a little bit more like her. She walks over to the far wall and picks up a pair of sandals. They are a soft pink with flowers along the top. “These would look nice with that dress.” She bends down like she is going to put the shoes on me herself.
I try to stop her. “Oh, you don’t have to do that,” I insist, feeling uncomfortable that she’s waiting on me.
“I want to,” she says, smiling. Hesitantly I lift one foot, letting her slide one on, then the other. “I always wanted a little girl to dress up.”
I turn to look in the mirror again, loving the shoes and the dress equally.
“Come sit.”
I sit down at a vanity, and she starts to brush my hair out.
“Why is he doing all this? I don’t understand what’s happening. These clothes had to cost more than my tuition for this private dance school.”
Elina doesn’t answer me. Instead she pulls out a ribbon and ties it into my hair. “You have the softest hair.” She gifts me with a compliment and changes the subject. “Now I can feed you and show you around.” She steps back, looking me over. “Perfect. You finish getting ready and I’ll meet you in the kitchen. You have anything in mind to eat? It’s already afternoon, but if you still want breakfast we can do that.”
“I’m okay with whatever is easiest.”
She rolls her eyes at me. “Come on now. How about French toast and bacon?” My stomach growls at her words. “Guess that’s a yes.” She leans down, kissing me on the cheek, before turning to leave. I stand there still feeling like I’m in some haze, not entirely convinced that all this is real.
“Go with it,” I mumble to myself, wanting to soak all this up.
After making quick work in the bathroom, I practically run to the kitchen. Half because I want the food and half because I’m desperate to see Noah again. I wonder where he is.
Disappointment hits me when I see he’s not downstairs. Elina looks up from the pan she’s frying bacon in and smiles. “Sit,” she tells me, motioning to a seat that already has a plate with food on it. I do as I’m told and take a seat then start eating.
“So where is Noah?” I try to say it as casually as possible. I look up through my lashes to see her smiling at me again.
“I would guess he’s working. He’s always working.” She pauses and takes the bacon off the stove. “I’m hoping that will change soon.” She brings the plate over to me and then picks up her coffee and takes a sip.
“Why would that change?” I ask, wanting to learn as much about him as I can.
Instead of answering me she nods to my plate and motions for me to eat.
“When you’re finished eating I’ll show you around.”
With those words, I concentrate on eating what’s on my plate so that I can have a look at this castle. And maybe partly because I want to see if we’ll run into Noah.











Chapter Six

Noah



I had a walkway built from the main house to the studio for Aurora. There are glass doors that run along both sides that can be opened to let the breeze from the sea come through.
That’s how I heard the music.
I was in my office on a conference call when I heard something coming from the studio. The fact that I had it built within sight of my office is no accident. Just like Aurora coming to be here with me.
The people on the call kept talking about numbers and profit shares as I walked to the balcony and looked out. I could see the glass doors were ajar and there was movement in the studio.
“So she’s found it,” I say to myself before I hear more people on the phone talking.
Walking over to the phone I end the call without saying a word. I’ll deal with them later. Just as I take a step away from my desk, Elina appears.
“She’s had a late start to the day, but she seems very happy. We toured the house and the gardens before I showed her the dance studio.”
She smiles at me and clasps her hands in front of her pristine apron.
“And?” I ask as she waits for me to tell her to go on.
“She enjoyed the media room very much. I don’t believe she was allowed television at home. And also the grotto. She was excited to have a place indoors to swim while the weather is cool.”
“What did she think of the studio?” I’m hesitant in my question, fearful that it wasn’t up to her standards.
“She said that I saved the best for last.”
I feel pride grow in my chest that I was able to give Aurora something she loved. She may be here under her false pretenses, but as long as she is happy, then the ends justify the means.
“I’m going to retire. The kitchen staff has dinner under control. If you need me I’ll be in the east wing,” Elina says as she bows and leaves my office.
I thank her as she leaves and then make my way out to where Aurora is.
I follow the sound of heavy bass and a woman’s voice singing about being trouble. I recognize the Amy Winehouse song, and smile. I put a random selection of music on the sound system, not knowing what she liked to dance to in her free time. But after a lot of research I found out that she didn’t have free time. And even more rarely did she dance to anything other than classical or the prescribed music of the director in her show.
The door is ajar, so I step inside silently, slipping off to the side and taking a seat on one of the oversized armchairs I had brought in. It leans back a little, but it’s tall, so it’s comfortable for me to lounge in while I watch her.
When I sit down I finally allow myself to look at her, to focus on the beauty before me.
The studio is almost as large as most houses, but without any dividing walls. Near the entrance is a lounge area with a carpet and a chair and a couch. On the far wall is a door that leads to a bathroom, a sauna and a steam room.
But the main focus is the center stage, which takes up almost the entirety of the space. She could run from one end to the other and be out of breath before she reaches the edge. The one thing that I insisted on when building this space was that it have no mirrors. This is not a place for Aurora to be perfect. This is a place for her to feel beautiful and to come alive. This is the place where she can find her soul, and I can watch her do it.
She moves to the rhythm, slow then fast. I’ve never seen her dance like this before, and I watched every performance since the first night I saw her on stage. There are no clinical steps to what she’s doing. She’s feeling the music and moving in time.
Sitting back in my chair, I feel heat radiate through my body as I watch her. The white dress is made of a thin material that allows me to see through to her thighs. Then, when she spreads her leg high above her head, it dips down, showing me a peek of her light pink panties.
I reach down and rub my hand across my hard cock, watching her as she moves, imagining her moving against me. Her long legs wrapped around my waist as I thrust in and out of her wet folds.
Her arms move above her head, and her breasts peek out of the top of her dress. The blush on her skin from dancing has made me wonder what she tastes like when she sweats. If I licked between her ripe tits, would she taste like innocence or sin?
My cock begins to weep in my pants, begging for some kind of relief. Aurora is lost in the dance and the song, so I undo my pants and pull out my shirt to cover the opening. I reach down between my legs and hiss at the contact against my throbbing length. Slowly I stroke my bare cock as I watch her move, pretending she’s moving her body on top of mine, that my cock is deep inside her soaking wet pussy while she undulates.
My strokes become harder and more aggressive with every sway of her hips. It never occurs to me that I’m jerking off while watching her and she has no idea. The only thing I know is that I have to cum right here. Right now. And if I can’t do that in her little sweet cunt, then I’ll do it in my hand while I’ve got my eyes on her.
I feel it building, boiling up inside me. Watching her spread her legs and dip low is the vision that does it. I feel hot, sticky spurts of cum jet into my slacks as I give in to the relief. I have to bite my lip to keep from shouting out, the orgasm is so fierce. I use the cream to lube up my hand as I finish jerking off, pulling out every drop.
I sit like that for a moment, hand and inner thigh covered in cum as I try to control my breathing and watch her dance. It’s then I feel my cock begin to harden again, needing her this time. I know my hand won’t be enough to satisfy this ache. No, he needs her soft pink lips wrapped tightly around him.
I clean my hand off on my shirt and then tuck myself back into my pants. I straighten my clothing as best as I can before standing up, adjusting my growing cock and walking to the edge of the stage. Just as I do, the song ends, and she spins around laughing.
God, she’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. Her cheeks are flushed, and she looks like she came with me. The thought alone has me holding back a moan.
When she catches sight of me, she jumps then laughs again.
“Hey. I didn’t know you were in here. Sorry, I got caught up dancing. This place is magnificent.” She looks around with eyes wide, smiling brightly. “I can’t wait to train in here. I love that there are no mirrors.”
I tuck my hand in my pocket and secretly stroke my hard length. “I’m so pleased you like it. Would you like to dance more, or are you ready for dinner?”
She bites her lip, and I know the answer before she speaks.
“Maybe one more song?”
“I think one more would be perfect,” I say, winking at her and then taking my seat again.
She sets the music to Alicia Keys, “Fallin’”. The piano begins to play, and her body moves with the beats.
Looks like my hand will have to do one more time.











Chapter Seven

Aurora



I let my eyes fall closed as I feel the music wash over me. I haven’t enjoyed dancing like this in forever. To be able to move how I want. Exhaustion or hunger were always eating at me, distracting me from what I was supposed to do. Now I’m not worried that my mom could walk in at any time and yell at me for doing something wrong. Even more, I love that Noah is watching. I can feel his eyes on me. I wonder what he’s thinking. Does he like what he’s seeing?
I stop moving as the song comes to an end but let my eyes stay closed as my head falls back. I don’t think I have ever felt so free before. Even though I know I’m on an island, I’m already sad another day is almost over. Another day closer to when I will have to leave this paradise.
“That was the most perfect thing I’ve ever seen,” I hear Noah say in his deep voice. I open my eyes to see he’s standing right in front of me, with a look I can’t read on his face.
“You really like it? It’s not my normal stuff like my Mom—”
“It was the best I’ve ever seen,” he says, cutting me off. “I can’t imagine what it will be like when you start to blossom even more while you’re here.”
I smile up at him. It’s been forever since I’ve had a teacher actually tell me they like a dance I’ve made on my own. Not one that was designed for me. The praise makes every part of my body come alive even more.
“It’s that what I’m doing here? You’re supposed to teach me that?” I ask. Noah doesn’t look like any instructor or teacher I’ve ever had. He doesn’t even look like a man who would go to the ballet. “You are my teacher, right?” None of this is really making much sense.
Maybe we just haven’t begun our training yet. I have only been here for thirty-six hours.
He reaches out and grabs the bow that’s tied in my hair, pulling it free. My long dark hair falls loose down my back, and he watches it settle in glossy waves.
“I like your hair down when you dance,” he says, avoiding my question, something that seems to be common around here.
“Me too. My mom makes me keep it up.”
“I’m not sure I like the things I’ve been hearing about your mother.”
I want to say that makes two of us, but for all I know he reports stuff back to her, so I bite my lip.
He steps in a little closer, his hand still playing with the ribbon that was in my hair. His other hand comes to my cheek. His thumb brushes across my lips, and a faint memory of him placing his lips to mine last night when he put me to bed flutters through my mind. I can’t tell if it was real or a dream.
“I will teach you many things, little star.” He has that look on his face that I can’t read. His eyes seem even darker than I remember. They’re a contrast to the softness of his touch on my cheek and lips. “Now go freshen up, then I’ll feed you.”
Instead of doing as he asks, I stand there. My feet feel like they are rooted to the ground. I don’t want to go. I like the closeness of his touch. I’m not used to anyone touching me. I try to lean into him more, tilting my head back a little. He takes a deep breath and steps back. The movement makes a loneliness that I’d forgotten for a moment come rolling back. I had thought for a second that it wouldn’t have followed me here, but I guess I was wrong.
“Go, or I’ll never get you fed,” he tells me as his hand drops away from me. I feel myself start to blush at what I was doing. Embarrassment creeps in a little. Why would a man like him want to kiss me? He probably sees me as a silly little girl. Like my mom always says I am.
I turn and half run from the room, heading back to my own quarters. I hear him call my name, and I start to run faster. When I get to my room I go to lock the door but see the door doesn’t have one. I escape to the bathroom when I hear him call my name again, but this time he’s closer.
The bathroom door doesn’t have a lock either. What the heck? I mumble a curse to myself and decide to flip on the shower, thinking maybe that will stop him from coming in.
But he doesn’t.
The bathroom door flies open, and he’s standing there with a look of anger on his face.
“You don’t run from me,” he snaps out, making me take a step back. The retreat only seems to further darken his expression.
“I’m sorry,” I mumble, dropping my eyes to the floor. My embarrassment only grows. My mother is totally right. I do need to grow up. I can’t even face confrontation.
When I feel his hand once again cup my cheek, I close my eyes. He tilts my head back so that I have no choice but to look at him. Even still, I try not to.
“Look at me, little star.” His words are soft and don’t match the anger I saw in his face moments ago. I do as he commands, my eyes opening to see his face holds none of that anger any longer.
“I didn’t mean to scare you. I just don’t like you running from me,” he tells me. He leans down, and I freeze, not sure what he’s going to do. But just as I’m about to tilt my lips to his, he brushes a soft kiss on my forehead. “Take your shower, then come join me for dinner. Maybe we can watch a movie afterwards, if you like.”
“That sounds nice,” I tell him. It actually sounds more than nice.
“I’ll even let you pick the movie,” he adds, making me smile.
“Can we eat and watch the movie? I’ve always wanted to do that.”
“We can do anything you want.”
I want to tell him I want him to kiss me, to ask if the kiss I dreamed about really happened, but instead I just nod. He places another kiss on my forehead before turning to leave. And somehow, with his reassurance, I’m more confused than I was before.











Chapter Eight

Noah



She comes into the media room wearing a pale green nightgown. It’s got triangles covering her breasts and it’s banded under them, showing off her tits in the most obscene way. She doesn’t have a big chest. Like most dancers, she’s tall and thin. But I can see by the way the material clings to her that her firm breasts would fit perfectly in my mouth.
My eyes travel lower and see that it comes to about mid-thigh on her, showing off her long legs. She needs to eat more. Her body has been conditioned as an athlete, but she’s denied her body what it deserves.
She isn’t ashamed of her physique and walks in confidently, smiling at me. I’m laid back on the couch that reclines, with a tray of food beside me. She plops down on the couch, crossing her legs and leaning back.
The hem of her nightgown rises, and I have to stifle a groan.
“There’s a blanket for you, if you’re cold,” I offer, looking down at her hard nipples and then back to her.
“I’m okay for now. What do we have to eat?”
Her innocence is intoxicating, and I don’t know how long I’m going to be able to control myself.
“I had the staff bring in pizza, nachos, popcorn. All the traditional movie stuff, since I’m sure you never had it before.”
She bites her lip and shakes her head. I see a look of sadness cross her face, and she looks at me.
“Is it okay that I’m eating like this all the time? I was so regimented before and—”
“You are only to worry about your happiness. Understood?” I say, and I see the excitement light her eyes again.
She reaches out, takes a slice of pizza, and moans around the first bite. My cock throbs as I watch her tongue come out to lick her lip. Fuck, I’m not going to be able to last.
“What are we watching?” she asks as she grabs a soda and takes a drink.
“I told you that I’d let you decide. Any ideas?”
“Hmmm.” She thinks for a second before her smile widens. “Do you have Fantasia? I danced to that once when I was younger and everyone said it was a Disney movie.”
I laugh and nod. “Yes, I can get that for you.” I click on a few buttons on the remote as Aurora excitedly gets settled.
She eats and giggles as I go through and find it, talking about the food and how much she likes it. I love the sound of her happiness, and that comes with it. Seeing the look on her face, the lightness of her steps. It’s like seeing a flower blossom for the first time.
After the movie begins, she pushes the tray of food to the table in front of us. Now I notice that she’s moved closer to me. And that she’s dragged the blanket over with her.
Once the music begins to play, she leans in beside me as I wrap my arm around her. The position is so natural and easy. It’s like we’ve done it thousands of times before.
Her hand moves to rest on my stomach, and I feel my cock flex upward as if trying to reach it.
The movie plays, but I don’t see a single frame of it. I watch Aurora as she watches it. The way the characters dance and the music plays, she’s mesmerized. But after an hour, her eyelids begin to grow heavy and sleep takes her.
I rest my hand on top of hers, feeling the softness of her under my palm. After a moment, she wiggles beside me and her hand moves lower. She’s barely an inch from my cock, and he knows it.
I hold still as she mumbles in her sleep, and I swear I hear my name. Then her hand dips once again and it’s resting right on top of my hard length. The heat of my shaft pulses under her touch, and I squeeze my eyes tight. She doesn’t even have to move her hand and I can already feel the need fast approaching.
My hand is still on top of hers, so I press down gently, holding her in place as I suck in a breath and cum all over myself. I fill my boxer briefs with the sticky release I long to put inside her, the cream I yearn to see dripping out of her little virgin cunt.
I know her sweet pussy is fresh. There’s no way that controlling bitch of a mother let a cock anywhere near her honey hive. No, that warm, sugary center she’s got dripping between her legs is all for me.
When I’ve felt the last of my release, I gently take Aurora’s hand off of my still-hard length and place it on my chest. I feel her lips come up to my neck as she snuggles in further, and I love the feeling. Reaching down, I grab her thigh and hitch it up over me. Her body is half on mine, and I wonder if she’s got panties on under her nightgown. I want her body wrapped around me as she sleeps. It’s the only way I’ll feel any sort of relief.
Cumming in my pants isn’t working anymore, but at least it’s one way to keep from walking crooked. This little star has me tangled in her web. But there’s no place I’d rather be, and I just hope that soon she will feel the same way.
Soon, I’ll tell her the truth, but I want her bred before that happens. I want her belly round with my baby and bound to me in every way possible before the truth comes to light.
One day she’ll see all that I’ve done for her. All that I’ve done for us. One day, she’ll be mine in every way possible.
I bury my face in her hair as I hold her close. I start to grind my cock against her thigh and think that maybe one more time wouldn’t hurt.











Chapter Nine

Aurora



I roll over to find I’m once again in my own bed. I don’t even remember how I got here, but Noah had to have carried me here. Last night was wonderful. I don’t remember the last time I had that much fun or felt that relaxed.
I’ve also noticed that the two nights I’ve spent here I haven’t had to dance myself to exhaustion so that I could find sleep. I smile when I see a plate of food next to my bed, with a note on it. I pick it up and read it.

I know you talked about wanting to learn to cook. I took the boat to the mainland to get you some cookbooks and a few other things.
Elina

I should probably ask what’s happening around here, but I can’t find the will to care. All I can think about is finding Noah. I bite my lip, thinking about how I cuddled up next to him and he let me. I kept moving closer and closer, and he didn’t try to push me away. I think I finally passed out halfway on top of him. My face warms at the memory. I felt like I was home and easily melted into him, loving the feel of him against me.
Sitting up, I pick up the plate and start eating fast, not tasting the food. I wonder if I can go find Noah. Elina pointed out where his office was yesterday. I would have to think of a reason of why I was stopping by.
Setting the empty plate back down on the bedside table, I jump from my bed. I don’t want to wait to go see him. I brush my teeth and hair before leaving my bedroom, but I don’t change out of my pajamas.
I make my way down the hallway to the double doors that lead to his office. Elina never told me I wasn’t allowed to go back here. In fact, she told me I was allowed everywhere but to let someone know if I went out to the beach.
I walk down the hall but stop when I hear voices. One of the doors to Noah’s office is slightly ajar. I debate turning around and leaving until I hear a woman’s voice and find myself taking a step closer to his office as quietly as possible.
“It’s time for you to come home. We need you,” I hear the woman say. The words make a pit form in my stomach. Does he have a family somewhere? Maybe off the island? I close my eyes, feeling like someone punched me as I try to catch my breath. “You can’t stay here and play with this girl like a toy. For Christ’s sake, she looks like she’s barely gone through puberty. You’re going to ruin your reputation along with your career.”
“When have I ever cared about my reputation? In fact—”
I turn, not wanting to hear any more. I place my hand over my mouth so a sob won’t escape. I go to the only place I ever go when I feel I have nothing. The dance studio.
I pause in the doorway when I see a man cleaning the room. I wipe the tears from my eyes. I know I should probably go back to my room, but I walk into the dance studio.
“Do you mind?” I point to the stereo, and he shakes his head. I need to dance. I have to. It’s the only thing that can push away the things I’m feeling. I need to get lost for a few moments and let go.
I shouldn’t be upset. Noah isn’t mine. Maybe the things he’s been doing with me were fatherly and I didn’t know any better. I never had a father in my life. I guess I took things to be more than they were, or maybe I wanted it so bad I pretended to see more than there really was. Once again I was being a naïve little girl.
I walk over to the stereo and flip it on, not caring if the cleaner is watching me. I’m used to it. Heck, I’m used to dancing in front of thousands of people nightly. I brush away a few of the tears still lingering on my cheeks and start to move.
The word “toy” flutters through my mind over and over as I let my body move to the music. Was she his wife? Is this why this place exists? Does he sweep away all his “toys” to this island? Is that what I am? A thing to play with?
Yes, my mind says. People are always using you for what they want. What they can get from you. I move faster, trying to dispel my dark thoughts, but they keep rushing at me. For once in my life, I can’t make them disappear.
“Get. The. Fuck Out,” I hear bellowed through the room, and I freeze.
I turn to see Noah standing in the doorway to the dance studio, and my heart drops. He wants me to leave. Maybe the woman won the battle. He’s sending me back.
“Okay,” I whisper, walking over to the stereo and turning it off.
“I thought I made it clear to all male staff they weren’t allowed around here. I want everyone off the island. Now.”
I turn to look at him, confused by his words, and I see he’s talking to the man who was cleaning the studio. The man nods and practically runs from the room.
Noah turns his eyes on me, running his hands through his hair as if trying to get himself under control.
I stand there, unsure what to do. I can’t be mad at him, can I? I have to stay here for a whole year. Even if he can’t be mine and belongs to someone else, I’d rather be here than back home with my mom. At least maybe here I could avoid him. Though I’m not so sure he is avoidable.
“Little star,” he growls, clearing some of the distance between us. “You cannot allow men to see you like this.” He raises his hand and trails his finger over the fabric of my nightgown, brushing the side of my breast softly.
I look down, realizing I hadn’t given a though to what I was wearing.
“You see me like this.” I raise my chin in defiance. Why does he care if men see me? He has a wife. I think.
“Yes, I see you like this,” he agrees. I step away from him.
“Don’t you have work or something to be doing? How about you do that and I’ll dance for whoever I want.”
A smirk pulls at his lips, but I can still see anger in his eyes.
“Look at you. Not even forty-eight hours here and you’re already blossoming. The parts of you that you try to hide are coming out. Let’s see what else I can get to come out,” he says, before he grabs me and pulls me into him.











Chapter Ten

Noah



Her body molds against mine as I hold her to me.
“You don’t know it, little star, but you’re a tease.” I rub my cock between her barely covered legs and feel her press harder against my thick shaft. “What would you do if I took you down on the floor and licked your little pussy?”
Her intake of breath lets me know I’ve shocked her, but her eyes show no signs of fear. There, the only thing I see is desire. Blatant need for attention, affection, and release.
“Have you ever been kissed there?” I ask, leaning down, just a breath from her lips. “Have you ever had a man’s mouth on your pretty cunt?”
“N-no.” She looks down at my lips and then back to me. “I’ve never been kissed. Anywhere.”
“I know. All men know when they take one look at you. That’s why they all want to get a peek. That man that was in here before was as hard as I am for it. He could see how tight you were, imagining what it would feel like to slide his dick in and out of your pussy.” I run my hands down her back and squeeze her ass, pressing her harder into my cock. “You wave it around like a red flag. And you’re just waiting for a bull to come and take it. Aren’t you?”
She bites her lip and nods.
“I bet you walked in here without any panties on, begging for someone to look at you. Dancing around and making your nightgown rise up, showing just a hint of what’s between your legs.” I lean down and run my tongue over her bottom lip. “Did you want it to be me? Did you want to bend over and spread your legs, praying I’d catch a glimpse by accident? That I would take one look at your little virgin cunt and I wouldn’t be able to control myself?”
“Yes.” Her voice is deep, and she moves against me on her own. She’s looking for friction.
“I’ll tell you a secret, little star.” I run my hand under her nightgown and rub it across her bare ass. “I would have.”
She moans, and I lean down, taking her mouth and tasting her tongue. Her arms encircle my neck, and she clings to me as I pull her legs up around my waist. I want to carry her to bed, but that would take too long. So instead, I kneel down on the ground with her and lay her down on the dance floor.
Sitting up, I use two hands to grab the front of her soft green gown and rip it right down the center. Her long, lean body is bared before me, and I lie down on top of her, covering her nakedness with my weight. I bring both hands to either side of her face, and her hands go to my waist as her legs spread for me.
“I want all of you, little star. I have from the second I saw you. You were meant to be mine.”
She blushes as she rubs her thighs against my sides. “Something about you makes me feel whole. I’ve never felt this way before.”
“I’ll make sure you’ll always be whole and taken care of.” I kiss her again, and though I want to slow down, there’s no stopping this train.
I strip off my clothes as my mouth kisses every part of her skin I can reach. When I move to her breasts, her nipples are hard and the soft pink buds are tight with need. I suck one into my mouth, taking as much of her breast as I can. Then I move to the other, licking and sucking them until she’s mewling for more. I pinch one and then go to the other, back and forth, I torment her virgin nipples. They’ve never been treated like this, and they’re so sensitive that her back is arching with every touch.
When I’m down to my boxer briefs, I move between her legs and press my nose against her pussy and inhale. Her soft curls are damp with her desire, and the smell of her is rich and warm. My mouth waters at the scent, needing to swallow it down.
“Look at your special little flower,” I say blowing on it slightly and watching her legs spread. “I bet you taste sweeter than any nectar on this earth.”
I lean down and run my nose against her folds, teasing her and myself. “You were so eager to show this to anyone who would watch. But you’ll never do that again, will you, Aurora?”
My voice is stern, and she nods right away. “Never. I promise.”
“Only for me,” I growl.
She rolls her hips and tempts me with what I want most. “Only for you.”
I can’t wait any longer, and my mouth opens over her pussy. The taste is so good, I can’t help but close my eyes and moan. I bring two fingers up and push them into her cunt, feeling just how tight she is.
She tenses for a second, but then melts into a puddle on the floor as I keep eating her. I give her long, firm licks against her clit as I try to work my fingers in and out of her tiny opening. I rub inside her, trying to find her G-spot, and when she arches off the floor and shouts my name, I smile against her pussy.
“That’s it, little star. Let them hear it on the mainland.”
She cries out with need as I give her clit all the attention she’s been after and then some. I make sure there’s not a place on her that hasn’t been tasted. Even her tight pink asshole. She tensed when I spread her ass cheeks for me, but moaned with pleasure as my tongue teased it.
My sweet, innocent dancer is a dirty girl.
By the time I come back to her clit, she’s nearly screaming for some kind of release.
“Please, Noah. Please. I’m dying.”
“Not until you’re on my cock,” I say as I kick off my boxer briefs. “You’ll come on me the first time. You’ll mark me while I’m marking you.”
“Anything,” she begs and reaches down between us with shaky hands, guiding my cock to her opening. “I need you.”
I slip past her wet folds and plunge in balls deep while I stroke her hard clit. She cries out and tenses for a second, but I feel her working her hips to try to find relief, pushing through the small bite of pain.
“That’s it, Aurora. You’re so close.”
Her body is covered in sweat and flushed with need. I look down as I thrust in and out of her and watch my cock being squeezed almost to the point of pain. Her body is so tight, but she wants me in her. She wants me to get her off with my thick cock.
“Oh God. I can’t. It’s too much.” She closes her eyes tight, and I keep rubbing as I fuck her steady, in and out.
Her whole body tenses as she grips my arms and screams out her climax. Her pussy clamps down on my cock, and I have no choice but to release inside her. Not that I was planning on pulling out, anyway. But with her grip, it would have been impossible.
Warm cum fills her, and I can feel it spreading all around my dick. Creamy cum from her and from me blends together, and some even runs out down the sides of my still-hard cock.
I softly rub her clit as she tries to catch her breath and calm her heartbeat. Our mutual lust is crazed, and now that we are both sated, I want to take her to a more comfortable location.
“Come here, little star. Let me take you to bed.” I kiss her lips softly, and she’s half-asleep as I pick her up and carry her to her room. Our room.
And once she slides under the cool covers, I slide my cock into her again.











Chapter Eleven

Aurora



I wake to warmth surrounding me, the smell of Noah filling my lungs. The little bit of light coming through the windows lets me know the sun is already setting. We’d made love all day, and I’d slept in between.
I roll over to get a better look at Noah, a man I know nothing about. But I let myself get lost in him all day, giving everything to him. I’d never felt so connected with someone. All the loneliness I’ve felt through my life washed away with his touches. The way he worshiped my body made me feel like I belonged to him. It felt like he couldn’t be without me.
His face seems more at ease than normal. The usual tension of his body has dissolved. As I remember all the things we did, I close my eyes and take a deep breath, trying to get my bearings.
Opening them back up, I sit up on the side of the bed and try to straighten out my thoughts. I still can’t believe that happened. I look over my shoulder at the man that I want more than anything. But I can’t forget what happened before he came for me this morning. The things I’d overheard. I don’t know how I got so lost in the moment I let those things slip my mind so easily.
Maybe because I didn’t want to believe them. I wanted him all to myself. I stand up from the bed and go to get some clothes. Slipping quickly into my closet, I find a nightshirt and put it on. As I move through the room and into the hallway as quietly as possible, I feel the sweet aches left behind by the hours we spent in bed together.
He talked to me in a way no one ever has—dirty things about me wanting people to watch me, that I craved that attention. I didn’t know how right he was until the words passed his lips.
I craved attention. First from my mom, thinking she’d love how good I dance and would praise me for once. That she would want to be around me, love me. When I didn’t get it there, I fought to be the best in my dance classes, wanting everyone’s approval. He was right. I craved attention. But now the only attention I want is his, and he doesn’t belong to me. I only have a year here. If that.
Who knows what will happen when he wakes up and we face what we did today. Will he still look at me like he did when he’d taken me over and over? As if he wouldn’t get enough of me. He couldn’t get deep enough inside me to sate his need.
Or was I just a toy like I heard that woman say? Just one of many. For all I know, he teaches a new girl every year. If that’s even what he’s doing. He hasn’t taught me anything about dance. In fact, I’ve never even heard him talk about it other than to tell me to do what I wanted. I don’t even know if he knows anything about training, the more I think on it.
The house is completely silent as I make my way through it. I know where I’m going. The one place I know Noah spends all his time. His office. As I walk, I think about how I don’t recall Elina ever pointing out a bedroom for him.
When I get to the thick black doors, I turn the knob and it opens. I gasp at how pretty it is. A giant black desk sits in front for the three large windows overlooking the water. Both walls to the right and left are covered in flat-screen TVs. Who needs this many TVs? I walk over to one of the shelves next to the TV monitors and see rows and rows of DVD cases with my name on them. I pull one out and see a date scrawled on the cover. I start pulling more and more off the shelves and see each are dated, every day in order, going back to two months ago.
“What the hell?” I grab one and walk over to the TVs and try to turn one on. I hit a button and all of them come on at once. The screens fill up with various security feeds, each panel showing a different area of the house. One screen shows a feed of the area outside my bedroom, and most of the others show different angles of the dance studio.
I turn around to look at the other wall and see video clips of me dancing on them. I’m on all of them. I drop the DVD in my hand. I don’t know what to make of this. I’m surrounded by images of myself on a loop, playing over and over. I start to shake.
“Little star, I don’t like when you leave our bed when I’m still in it.”
I turn to look at Noah, who’s standing in the doorway to his office. His eyes are trained on me. It’s as if he doesn’t see what I’m seeing. He’s standing there in only a pair of boxer briefs. Maybe he doesn’t notice because he’s used to this. Maybe I’m always on the monitors.
“What is this? Is this…” I stumble, trying to think why he would have all this. “Is this because you study me so you can teach me to dance better or something? Like football players who watch their games?” As if finally noticing the monitors, he turns his head to look at them.
“No, little star. This was so I could breathe,” he says softly, making his way toward me. I take a step back, and his eyes narrow. “What did I say about running from me?”
I don’t want to run. I really don’t. “Tell me what’s happening.”
“Come back to bed. I’ll make us something to eat and we’ll lie together and watch a movie. Your pick.” He pulls me to him, and I melt into him. My body does as it pleases even though my mind is trying to rebel. My heart and body are winning the war.
“You always do that,” I mutter.
“What, little star?” He’s genuinely confused as he looks down at me.
“You don’t answer when I ask a question. You just say something else.”
“I’m sorry, I’m just trying—”
This time I cut him off. “It’s okay. I’m used to it. It’s nothing new to me. I know to do as I’m told,” I say, pulling from his arms and heading back to my room.











Chapter Twelve

Noah



I turn around and use my arm to shove everything off my desk, clearing it in one motion. Papers, files, and everything else crashes to the ground in a loud clatter.
Aurora turns around and puts her hands to her mouth at the sound. I reach out and grab her arm and pick her up, bringing her down on top of the desk.
I grip the front of her shirt and rip it, exposing her naked body.
“Noah!” she shouts as I kick off my boxer briefs and my hard cock points right at her pussy.
“How many times do I have to tell you to stop running from me?”
I push open her legs and lick my fingers before running them up and down her pussy. I want to make sure she’s wet, but she already is. She’s got cum spread all over her from what I’ve already done to her today. But it’s time for her to take another load.
“You love to defy me,” I say, bringing her ass to the edge of the desk and thrusting into her in one hard stroke. She says my name again, but this time it’s a moan. “You love seeing me lose control. You want to push me to react. I see it.”
Her tits bounce while my cock pushes into her, her tight cunt gripping me.
“Grab the desk.” I growl. She lifts her hands over her head and does as I say. “Is this what you want? You want to get fucked in the middle of my office surrounded by pictures of yourself?”
“Yes,” she breathes, and raises her hips.
“You love it. Having me balls deep in your sweet little pussy while I tell you how much I can’t stand it. How much I need you. How fucking hard I am for you every time I get even a hint of what’s between your legs. You’re so greedy for it.”
“Yes,” she moans again and spreads her legs wider.
“You make every cock that sees you stand up straight, and it’s not enough. I’ve got to cum in you every ten minutes or something is wrong. How could I possibly want you more? After all I’ve done to have you?”
“More, Noah. More.” Her eyes close and her head rolls back as I give her what she wants.
“I’ll give you more. But I want more from you.”
I hold myself inside her as I fill her up again. Her unprotected pussy is coated in my seed, and I growl as I empty myself once again to impregnate her.
Looking down, I see I’m covered in cream, and she’s ready to cum. I pull my cock out, and she mewls, wanting me back in.
“Shhh,” I say, pushing her legs up and exposing her pretty pink asshole. I press the tip of my cum-covered cock to it, smearing it and lubing it up. “You’ll give me every place on your body I can fuck. Because I want to own all of you, Aurora.”
I stare into her blue eyes as I penetrate her tight ring. She tenses, and I reach down, rubbing her hard clit.
“You’ll learn to love it, little star. You’ll love it so much you’ll bend over and tease me with it. Like you do your innocent little pussy now. But I won’t take you here all the time,” I say, sliding forward a few inches. “This will be your special treat when you’ve gotten yourself so worked up there’s no other way to calm you down except getting in your ass.”
“Oh God, Noah.”
“I’ll always want your cunt first, but when you act like this, I’ll bring you in this office and treat you just like this.” I push all the way and feel my balls press against her. “That it, little star. Balls deep in your ass on the first try. Such a good girl.”
“I’m close,” she whispers as I slowly strum her clit.
“Feels good, doesn’t it? I’ve got you trussed up, and I’m holding all the power. You’ve got my full attention, and you’re getting told how special you are. This is what you want, right? You want praise?”
“Yes.” Her eyes are closed tight, and I see her body start to shake.
I thrust in and out of her ass slowly, letting her feel the drag of my cock. “You’re doing so good. I’m harder than I’ve ever been and it’s all because of you. You make it so easy to fuck you.”
Her body tenses as her orgasm approaches.
“You make it so easy to love you, Aurora.”
I lean down and take her mouth as I fuck her ass, and she cums so hard that her body quakes with it. She cries out my name as I rub her clit and help her ride the wave. Her ass is so tight it’s almost like her virgin cunt, and I can’t hold myself back.
I fill her up again, but this time I don’t pull out. I wrap her boneless arms and legs around me and carry her from the room.
“Let’s go have a shower, and I can clean you up,” I say, kissing her neck and sucking it so hard I leave a mark.
She makes a squawk of protest, but I smack her ass. “I told you, I’m marking all of you.”
“My butt hurts,” she says, and then laughs.
“You don’t seem to mind my dick in it, little star. But don’t worry. I’ve got kisses to make it better.”











Chapter Thirteen

Aurora



I wake to morning sun pouring in the window. I roll over to see the plates from our dinner still sitting on the floor next to the bed. I was half-asleep last night when Noah woke me up and made me eat, before I passed back out again with his mouth between my legs. This seems to be the story of our lives. I want to know something and Noah makes love to me or distracts me until I pass out. He’s hiding something, and I know I need to face it, even if I don’t want to. I’m falling in love with him. Or maybe I already am in love with him. Another thing I’m not sure I want to face yet.
I love how he makes me feel. I’m alive for the first time. Parts of me that were hidden deep down have been brought to the surface. He’s waking me up, and the more he does it, the harder I’m going to fall when I find out what’s really happening here. I don’t want to shatter this perfect illusion that’s been built, but I know it’s not as it seems.
I roll from the bed. Seeing one of Noah’s shirts on the ground, I pick it up and slide it over my head. I wonder where Elina is. In fact, I haven’t seen anyone since Noah took me on the floor of the dance studio. The island seems deserted now.
I make my way to find Noah, knowing I need answers. I know there’s something more between us. I can feel it. I can’t believe that sex feels this way for everyone. It can’t. Something about what we share is different and has to be a once-in-a-lifetime thing. He seems to know the deepest darkest thoughts inside my head and lays them out for me to see. Things I would never voice, he brings them to life. He calls to a dark part of me that I try to keep hidden, but nothing is out of his reach.
I walk to his office, and a feeling of déjà vu hits me. I hear a woman’s voice once again, and the pit in my stomach forms. I pause for a moment, unsure what to do. Then anger starts to take over as jealousy burns its way to the surface. I’ve had enough of being pushed around my entire life. It’s time I finally stand up for myself. I shove open the doors of his office, letting them fling open and smack against the walls. The woman jumps, and Noah stands up from behind his desk. The office is still a mess. Things are flung all over the floor from where he cleared it off to make love to me.
I glance over at the woman who looks to be in her thirties. Her blonde hair frames her face. She’s pretty. No, she’s more than pretty. She has curves like you see in magazines. Her bright green eyes narrow on me. She looks like the opposite of me in every way.
“Leave,” Noah growls, and I look over at him. He’s got his eyes trained on the woman. I can see the anger written on his face. “Step foot here again and you’ll have bigger problems than you already have now.”
I look back over at her, and I can tell she wants to say something. She shakes her head and stomps from the office, leaving us alone. Noah leans down, picking a phone up from off the floor and hitting some numbers.
“Make sure she’s off the island and never comes back,” is all he says, before he tosses the phone back on the floor. He lets out a deep breath, and I can see he’s trying to get his anger under control.
“Is she your wife?” The words leave my mouth, and I pray that I’m wrong. If he’s married, we’ve been having an affair, no matter if they’re separated. And I didn’t like the way he so easily dismissed a woman he once loved, even if they aren’t together any longer.
“Come here,” he says softly. I pause for a moment, but my feet do as he commands and I find myself walking toward him. The anger that was on his face is gone as he picks me up by my hips, sitting me on his desk.
“I’ve never been married,” he admits. “Never been in love before this.”
“Noah, please.” I want more. I need more.
There are too many questions floating around in my head, and I think he just said he loves me. A part of me doesn’t want the answers, because I know something isn’t right here. I think it’s why I’ve been letting him take over and haven’t been pushing for more. I get lost in him because I know something is coming. This perfect little world I’ve fallen into is going to crumble. Nothing this good can be true.
He drops his forehead to mine. “It’s not that I don’t want to tell you things, little star. I want to give you everything you could ever want and more.”
“I don’t understand.” I wrap my arms around his neck, needing to touch him. The hands on my hips grip me tighter, and he lifts me up. I wrap my legs around him as he makes his way out of the office and down the hall. He takes me back into our bedroom and sits down on the bed, with me straddling him.
“Anna works for me. Worked for me,” he corrects. “She wanted me to come back to our offices in New York, but I have no plans of going anywhere you’re not.” His hands grip me possessively, as if I might disappear. “There is nothing, and there has never been, anything between Anna and me. She’s a workaholic who can get carried away. Before you, I didn’t care, because I was on that same page. She worked well as my assistant, but now I’m here on the island. With you.”
“You’re not a dance instructor, are you?” I search his dark eyes. He leans up, taking my mouth in a slow, soft kiss before he answers me.
“The only dance I know is yours.”
“Am I some toy?” I ask, recalling what Anna had said before. I don’t want to be someone’s plaything. I don’t want to be something for someone to show off like my mother always did with me, but then neglect and resent me when I’m not shiny and new anymore.
He releases his grip on my hips and cups my face with gentle hands. “No, Aurora. You’re my everything. I brought you here to let you blossom. To watch you become whatever woman you want to be. To be free.”
“Am I free?” I lean in, looking into his eyes. “Have I just gone from one cage to another?”
“If you want to leave the island, we will leave.” He smiles at me and strokes my cheek. “You are free to go anywhere you want.”
My heart aches at the thought of leaving the island.
Something flashes in his eyes, and I see a dark promise. “But you will never be free of me.”











Chapter Fourteen

Noah



“I need to tell you the truth about how you came to be here, Aurora.”
She nods, and I see trepidation on her face.
“I tried the traditional way of getting to you.” I smile, thinking of how desperate my attempts were. “After the first time I saw you on stage, I was done. One look at you and I was a goner.”
Her features soften, and I feel her hands rubbing against my chest.
“I sent flowers to you at every show. But eventually I found out that your mother intercepted them. I tried sneaking backstage, but after the flowers, she spoke to the director and had security tightened.” I shake my head, remembering how impossible she was to get past. “Eventually I knew that if I was able to get close to you, she would somehow keep me away. So I created this elaborate way to have you. A year alone in a secluded place to have you all to myself. To make you fall in love with me.”
“Noah, I—”
“To make sure you could never leave me,” I say.
Reaching down, I rub her lower belly and then look into her eyes.
“By any means necessary.”
Her cheeks flush, and then she bites her lip. “We never used any protection.”
“I know. You may already be bred with my baby. At least, that’s what I hope. I want you pregnant as soon as possible.”
“But why? Why did you do all this for me?” There’s no trace of fear in her question, only hope.
“Because you’re my one. I love you, Aurora, and I will never let you go.”
“I love you, too, Noah. I don’t know how this can all happen so fast, but I’ve never felt this before.”
I see the truth in her eyes as she clings to me. I wrap my arms around her and flip us so that she’s on her back on the bed and I’m hovering over her.
“Forever, Aurora. No matter where we live or what we do. You’re mine forever.”
“Yours,” she answers, and I lean down, pressing my lips to hers.
Reaching down, I pull off the shirt she’s wearing and then strip off my clothes.
“I need you bare,” I grit out as I stare between her legs at her wet cunt. “And you need attention.”
I kneel down between her thighs and bury my face in her pussy.
“Noah,” she moans, and I feel her hands in my hair.
“I bet you got so jealous seeing another woman in there with me. You wanted to walk in there and sit on my desk, didn’t you? Spread your legs and show her how I react when I see this sweet little cunt? I bet you’d have loved seeing how pissed she would have been.”
“Oh God.”
“You would have had such a smug look on your face seeing me fall to my knees. Eating this ripe pussy right in front of her. Not caring there was someone else in the room, completely focused on you.”
I suck her clit and feel her shake as I push two fingers into her tight opening and then one in her ass.
“I would have worshiped between your legs while you reigned, little star. You’re the queen of my world, and nothing else matters when it comes to you.”
Her body is so close to the edge, and I know she’s going over any second now.
“You’ve got me all to yourself, and no one can take you away. Not even your mommy.”
She clenches around me, before her body bows off the bed and she shouts out her orgasm. Her body is wracked with waves of pleasure as I run my tongue up and down her clit, teasing it out of her. I want every last drop before I get my cock in her.
When I think she’s had enough, I pull my fingers out and lick them, moaning at her taste. “Fuck, even your ass tastes like candy.”
I flip her on her stomach and pull her ass up in the air. I slide my cock in her pussy and then lie down on top of her, pinning her with my weight. I move my mouth to her ear and whisper to her as I slide in and out.
“When you’re bred with my baby, your tits are going to swell with milk. I’m going to suck on them and taste your sweetness there, too.”
She shivers and raises her hips to take more of me.
“You’ll wake up swollen and needy for relief. I’ll lick your pussy first until you cum. That will make your milk sweet. Then I’ll suckle them until it’s running down my chin. You can rub my cock and let me cum in your hand so you can rub it in between your legs. It will help your pussy heal after you have our baby.”
The sound of her soaking wet cunt is obscene in the quiet room, and I laugh a little.
“God, you’re so fucking turned on right now. You love the idea of me keeping you pregnant. You’ll get so much attention from me. From everyone. Won’t that feel so good, little star? The center of everyone’s universe. But always mine first.”
“I’m going to cum,” she moans, as her body starts to tense.
“Of course you are. You are so beautiful and perfect. Let go, Aurora.”
She clings to the sheets as I thrust hard one last time and release with her. Her orgasm is deep, and her eyes squeeze shut as she clamps down on my cock. I pulse into her, giving her all that I have. Just like I will for the rest of our lives.
“I love you,” I whisper as I roll us over and wrap my body around hers.
“Mmmm,” is all she can manage, before she drifts off again.
I have to bite my lip to keep from smiling. I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life just like this.











Chapter Fifteen

Aurora



I look up at my childhood home, and the feeling of misery and loneliness doesn’t hit me at all. Noah wraps his arm around me, pulling me close.
“We don’t have to do this if you don’t want to,” he tells me, something he’s been saying for the past few days. I told him I wanted to see my mother, and I know he’s had his concerns.
I’m an adult. I don’t have to speak to her if I don’t want to. I could drop off and never see her again. She’d never know what happened to me, but I wanted this closure. I have to have it. My hand goes to my very round belly, where I’m carrying our baby girl. A little girl who will never know a mother like I did. She won’t even know her grandmother.
“I don’t want her to come looking for me. And I think she would at some point. She thinks I belong to her,” I remind him, then feel him tense at my words. He doesn’t like that someone else thinks I’m theirs.
I want to go back to my island, but if I wait for her to come looking for me, I’d have a newborn baby by the time the year would be up. I don’t want any part of her touching the new life we’ve made. This can all be taken care of before our beautiful, perfect little girl enters this world. I will make sure my mother will never even breathe the same air as her. Unlike my mother, I’ll walk through fire to give my little one the happiest life possible.
I smile up at my husband, adoring how possessive and jealous he can be. I love it. No one has ever treated me as if I were their everything. That they couldn’t breathe without me. “We all know I’m only yours.” I give him a little elbow to his side, and he grunts like I actually hurt him, making me roll my eyes.
His other hand comes to cup my round belly as if he’s soothing himself with the reminder that I’m real. “Let’s get this done with. I want you home and back in our bed.”
I take a deep breath and raise my hand to the bell and push it. The chimes sound though the house, and one of my mother’s housekeepers answers the door. Her eyes widen at the sight of me and almost pop out her head when she sees my belly. She steps back and lets us in. Noah never releases me from his hold.
“I’ll get her,” she says, half-running from the room.
“Is there anything you want from here?” His eyes move towards the stairs. I shake my head. I don’t want anything from here. They would only be tainted. There’s nothing I need in the world that Noah won’t give me.
I stiffen as my mother walks into the room. She looks like she’s about to go out to an event. She’s done up and doesn’t look her age at all. She was always so pretty. I never understood what made her so ugly on the inside.
“Aurora?” She says my name as if she’s not sure it’s even me.
“Mother.”
Her eyes look a little wild as they run over me and she takes a step closer.
“That’s far enough,” Noah says in a short, firm voice. I know he’s keeping himself in check. Over the months he’s learned more and more about my life with her and how she treated me. He even helped show me how terrible my mother was, because sometimes I slip back into wondering why I was never good enough for her. Noah taught me that it wasn’t my fault. To a person like my mother, I never would have been good enough. Nothing I could have done would have changed that, no matter how hard I tried.
My mother’s eyes snap to Noah, and she glares at him. She looks like she’s working to catch up before she turns back to me, looking me up and down. She sees my stomach, then the giant ring on my finger that Noah put on not long after he told me about all he did to have me.
“I know you. You’re the man who was obsessed with her! I know all about you. I looked into you. You came sniffing around, and I—”
“Sent her off thinking my obsession with her would change? You weren’t wrong, though. It did change. My obsession turned into complete devotion.”
“Aurora, come here,” my mother snaps in a tone that no long holds the power over me it once did.
“I came to say goodbye. I don’t want you looking for me,” I tell her softly. I need this to be done. I don’t care to really hear what she has to say. I wanted to do this face to face so she knew how serious I was.
She points her finger at Noah. “I’ll sue you. I paid for her to go to a school. I paid for—”
Noah cuts her off again. “And you haven’t given her one penny of the money she has made from her performances. If I were you, I wouldn’t try to throw out accusations. You wouldn’t want the world to really find out how you’ve treated your daughter, would you?”
My mother’s mouth falls open.
“I didn’t think so. I’m more powerful than you. I’ll make your life hell if you try anything more to hurt Aurora.” Noah’s words leave no room for argument. I can see my mother is so mad she’s starting to shake. “Don’t test me. I already want to do these things, but I’m not going to because Aurora asked me to leave it alone. I will give her anything she asks for. Unless…” He lets the threat hang in the air.
“Okay.” I can hear the defeat in my mother’s voice.
“Goodbye, Mother,” I tell her, turning to leave.
I hear her call my name quietly, and I stop. I don’t turn around, but I wait to see if she has anything she needs to say before I walk away for good.
“Don’t expect another dime from me. You walk away now and you’re dead to me.”
I let the last little bit of hope I was holding on to fall away and nod without looking back. I feel Noah’s strong arms around me, and as I walk to the car, I feel not only the hope for a relationship with my mother wither, but the weight of it, too. I never realized what a burden it was to carry around the possibility for more. Now that it’s gone, it somehow makes me feel like I can move forward with no regrets.
When we get to the car, Noah opens the door for me, guiding me into the limo.
I slip in, and Elina rolls down the divider. “Home?” she asks with a smile on her face.
God, I love her. She’s been more of a mother to me than my own ever was, and I know she’ll be an amazing grandmother to our children.
“Home,” I say, leaning back into Noah’s arms as his lips whisper in my ear.
“Ready to be kidnapped all over again?”
“I think this time I’d like to be awake for the ride back.” I smile as his hand slides up my thigh.


THE END












Epilogue

Aurora




Five years later…

“Look at them. They’re so excited!” I say, nearly as hyper as the kids.
It’s Christmas morning, and Noah is having a hard time holding me in his lap as our two little ones play with their new toys strewn all over the floor. Elina walks in with a tray of hot chocolate and cookies as the lights twinkle on the tree, and every one of us is happy.
“Of course they’re excited. They’ve got a pile of toys and an even bigger pile of sugar in front of them.”
I laugh and wiggle in Noah’s lap. His big hand caresses my belly, and I feel a sense of peace and comfort wash over me.
Our two little girls are so sweet together. Matilda is five and Opal is three. We’ve got twin boys on the way, and they’re due any day now. Noah asked me if I was ready to be done after this pregnancy, but I think maybe one more. I’m not ready to give up having babies just yet.
I’m the mother I said I would be to my babies. I know some days my patience is thin, and I always feel guilty when I sneak in a nap, but I think most moms feel that way. I’ve been lucky to have Noah and Elina, but I’ve also made friends. We ended up moving to the mainland after Matilda was a year old because I wanted her to have interactions with other kids. I got to know other moms and realized that nobody had it perfect. I may have gotten the short end of the stick when it came to parenting, but I realized most moms feel like I do—constantly worried but filled with more love that seemed possible before all this.
Noah encouraged me to open up my own dance studio to teach beginner classes to kids. I wasn’t sure at first, but he knew how much I missed it. It’s only a few nights a week, but seeing the light in the children’s eyes makes it worth it. I had forgotten the magic that came with learning how to move and express myself. It was exactly what I needed, and of course, Noah knew. I’m the happiest I’ve ever been, and all of my dreams have come true. Even the ones I didn’t know I had.
Now we come to the island for holidays and when we want some quiet time alone. Spending Christmas here is our favorite, because it puts our family in this bubble where it’s only us and it binds us closer together.
“Well look what I found,” Noah says, kissing my neck.
I look up and see he’s holding mistletoe above me, and I turn in his lap. “Is that what was hanging on our bed this morning?”
“It was directly between your legs. What was I supposed to do?” He smiles at me like the cat that got the cream. And that’s exactly what he got first thing today.
“You are trying your best to have these boys today, aren’t you?”
His big hand rubs my belly, and I feel his erection dig into my ass. “It’s the only present I want.”
My due date isn’t for another two weeks, but the doctor said I could go at any time with twins. Noah is so excited it’s almost too adorable.
“You know if I had any control over it, I would. And I think if you could have broken my water, that would have happened this morning, too.” I blush as I remember how deep he was. “In fact, I’m pretty sore from your attempts.”
“Poor little star,” he says, sneaking his hand under my robe and feeling between my legs.
He cups my sex, and I try to smother a giggle. “Noah. The kids are going to see you,” I mumble as he kisses me.
“Shhh. They’re occupied with—” He stops what he was saying as his eyes widen with surprise, shock, and then with excitement. “Aurora?”
“Either I just peed on you or my water broke,” I say, feeling the wetness leak out between my legs.
“The boys are coming!” Noah shouts, and everyone springs into action.
Elina calls the boat to take us to the mainland as the girls bounce around, almost as excited as Noah.
I’ve done this twice before, so I’m not nervous. If anything, I’m glaring at Noah.
“What?” he says on a laugh as he grabs my bag and puts on his shoes.
“Do you always have to get what you want?” I say, feeling my belly tighten as a small contraction passes over it.
He scoops me up and carries me out of the house as everyone follows. “When it comes to you and my family, that’s simple. Yes.”
He’s smug in his answer, but we both know he’s right.
“Now let’s go make this Christmas the best one yet,” he announces, and everyone cheers.











Epilogue

Noah




Ten years later…

I take a seat in the leather chair and lean back. The cool leather presses against me as I grip the arms of the chair and focus on the stage.
Aurora is in the middle, wearing something innocent and sweet. It’s a peach-colored nightgown that falls to the curve of her ass. It’s silky and cut low in the front, making her hard nipples look mouthwatering.
“Dance,” I clip, and watch her ass sway as she walks over to the music and hits play.
I feel a smile tug at my lips when Marvin Gaye’s “Let’s Get It On” starts to play.
We’re on the island for the weekend while the kids are on the mainland with Elina. I’ve already fucked Aurora three times today, but I want her out here in the studio. Where it all began.
I unzip my jeans and pull my cock out as she begins to move. Now when I jerk off while she dances, I don’t try to hide it. She watches me as she licks her lips and dips low, revealing her cunt.
Her body has filled out since she had my babies, and the sight gets me so fucking hot. Her tits got bigger, and so did her hips. Her legs are still long, but her thighs are thicker, and I love holding on to them when we make love.
Every curve of her body tells a story of our happiness, and watching her blossom into the woman she’s become has been the privilege of my life.
“Get over here,” I growl as I rub my hand up and down the length of my cock. It’s rock hard and already weeping with need.
She smiles seductively and instead of walking over as I ask, she gets on her knees and crawls across the short distance to me.
“Fuck,” I moan, and close my eyes tight for a second. Just the sight of her like this is going to make me blow my load.
“Do you want my mouth,” she asks as she looks through her lashes and up at me. “Or something else?”
One strap of her silky gown has fallen off her shoulder, revealing one of her perfect, ripe tits.
“Mouth. Then cunt. Then your ass.”
She leans forward, and I feel the warm heat of her tongue circle my cock.
“Goddamnit,” I say through gritted teeth as I push my hands into her hair and hold her still. “That mouth of yours is going to get you in trouble.”
She teases me again as she watches my reaction. She’s begging for it, and we both know it.
“You either suck my cock or I’ll go straight for your ass.” I tighten my grip on her hair, and she moans. Looking down, I see her hand between her legs.
With one little flick of her tongue, she teases a bead of cum out of my cock and then winks at me.
“If that’s the way you want it,” I say, right before I’ve got her pulled onto my lap with her legs spread. “Put my cock in your ass.”
She lets out another moan as she lubes up my cock with her fingers that are drenched from her pussy. She rubs the tip of it on her clit first and then glides it through her wetness back to her tight ring. She tenses and then relaxes as she slowly slides down.
I jerk down the top of her silk bodice, exposing both her tits to me. “You’re my dirty little star, aren’t you, Aurora? Nobody suspects how much you love it when I fuck you here.”
She smiles shyly at me as she moves up and down.
I grip her hips and lean back. “There’s no one and nothing but you. My whole world revolves around you. Now ride my cock and show me how much you love my attention.”
I rub her clit as she moves, and I watch as she comes undone.
As I carry her into the shower and make love to her again, I think back to all the years we’ve had together. Time has been good to us, and I know it will always be that way. When you find your true love to have by your side, everything will be okay.
I found it when I first saw Aurora, and I did what I had to do to have it. I’ve never been sorry for what I had to do to get her, because the ends justified the means. I can say with absolute certainty that she feels the same way, because I’ve spent every day since making her the center of my world.
Devoted doesn’t begin to cover it.

















When Alexander buys the land for his new airstrip, he never imagines the home on it is still occupied. But after he lays eyes on Liliana, he decides she’s his property now.
Eighteen-year-old Liliana has been tucked away her whole life. After her grandmother dies, she’s left alone with only her romance books to keep her company. She’s been surrounded by females her whole life, but when Alexander walks in the door, she knows he’s there to save her.
He’s claiming her, no matter how untouched she is.
Will Liliana fight or let Alexander have his way? Will Alexander keep her locked away or set her free? Will there be enough steam in this book to start your own sauna? Only one way to find out!

Warning: Are we still doing these? This is Alexa Riley. You should know the drill by now. This is going to be over-the-top dirty with all the sticky bits you like. Get in here already!







Copyright © 2016 by Author Alexa Riley LLC. All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, email to riley_alexa@aol.com
http://alexariley.com/
Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.
Edited by Aquila Editing







Dedicated to those who love their filthy smut in a pretty package. Enjoy!
















Chapter 1

Alexander



“I just want it torn down,” I tell Matt, the agent I bought the estate from, as I exit the car. I toss my suit jacket into the back seat, then roll up my sleeves. The house - if you can even call it that - looks like a fucking castle. It sits twenty miles outside of Chicago, and it’s the perfect spot for my planned private landing strip for the Boeing 747 I bought last month. I like privacy and this will give me that. The fewer people I have to deal with, the happier I am. I like to go to work and back home, but sometimes travel is unavoidable.
There’s enough space here to build the landing strip and keep the house, but there’s no need for it. I’d just have to hire people for its upkeep and I’d never use it. Might as well rip the thing down. Not like I have a need for a place like this. It’s breathtaking with an old-school feel, but my condo in the city is all I need. I live alone and I’ve never met a woman who tempted me to change that.
I’m doomed to be alone and I’ve settled into that. Work is my life. The thoughts of ever having a family of my own are long forgotten, though my mother still thinks there’s hope. I can’t even count how many times she’s told me the story of when my father found her working in some small coffee shop and practically picked her up and carried her out and he’d never let her go. Which is true. He has her tucked away on a nice little island right now, enjoying retirement.
“I thought maybe you should look inside first. You bought the whole estate as is, and I’m guessing there are still a lot of personal items inside. Maybe even art.”
I glance around the property. I hadn’t even looked at a single picture before I bought it. Just found out the land size and purchased it unseen. But looking around now, I can tell the place has a history to it. A stone wall surrounds the home, which is located in the center of the property. It looks like a fortress. It’s beautiful, but more than one man would ever need.
I run my eyes along the front, counting the windows and sizing up just how big it might be on the inside. Then I catch something out of the corner of my eye. Movement.
“It’s empty?” I ask, looking back over at Matt.
“Yes. There had been some staff still servicing the property, but they were informed that yesterday was their last day,” Matt says.
“I saw it, sir,” Black, my head of security, says, coming to stand next to me.
“Let’s go find our trespasser then.”
We head for the front door, my interest now piqued. Might as well take a look around if I’m going inside. I’ve already come all this way, and I cleared my morning schedule for this little trip.
“Sir, maybe I should-”
I cut Black off by just holding up my hand as I continue walking towards the front door. He might be my head of security, but I still do what I want, even when he advises otherwise.
“Keys,” I snap, turning a little for Matt to throw them to me. I catch them and slide the key into the lock and the door pops open with a loud creak.
Then all the air leaves my lungs at the sight before me.
Standing at the top of the stairs is a young woman. The sunlight streaming in through the open door hits, and it creates a halo of light around her. Her hair is dark as chocolate and such a contrast to her creamy white skin. And even from this distance, I can see she has the brightest blue eyes I’ve ever seen. Her full, lush lips part just a little as she stares at me. My eyes travel down her body to the white nightgown that looks transparent in the light, showing off all her curves.
I feel myself harden at just the sight.
“Shit,” I hear Black say from behind me in awe.
It makes blood rush to my ears and jealousy course through my body like I’ve never felt before. It wraps around my heart, making me clench my fists.
Mine.
The word pounds though my head. I’ve bought the estate and everything in it. As of yesterday it’s all mine. That makes her mine, too. I can’t stop the irrational barbaric thought from forming.
“Out!” I shout to the room, making Matt jump and Black pull his eyes from the girl and take a step back. “Out.” I growl it this time, and both turn and step out of the door. I slam it shut and click the lock back in place.
I can’t bring myself to turn around. She looked like a fucking angel. Maybe she isn’t real. She looked too perfect to be real. The thought makes the air leave my lungs again. Slowly, I turn, and this time she’s closer than before, having come down the stairs. Her head is cocked to the side like she’s studying me.
I find myself taking the ten steps to get closer to her, stopping at the bottom of the stairs. It brings us eye level with each other. She just stares at me. Her eyes seem so big and bright now, her long black lashes giving her a doe-eyed look.
Her hand comes up, reaching out and touching my face. She runs it along the stubble on my jaw, and her mouth parts a little as her tongue comes out, wetting her bottom lip. It takes everything in me not to groan at the simple action. I want to taste her plump bottom lip for myself, then push my tongue into her mouth.
“You came,” she says, her voice filled with wonder. The sound is soft and sweet.
“I came?” I ask, not understanding what she means. She just nods her head, her dark curls bouncing with the movement. I can’t stop myself from reaching out and grabbing one. She doesn’t flinch like a lot of people do around me. I’m a big guy and my size can be intimidating. The scar running from the top of my left eyebrow down to my jaw doesn’t help, but she doesn’t seem scared at all. No, she’s looking at me like I’m looking at her. I’m no angel, far from it. But I like her eyes on me.
“Like in my books. You look just like I thought,” she says. Then she throws herself at me. She wraps her arms around my neck, taking me by surprise.

Available NOW!













Full Length Novels: For Her Series
Everything For Her
His Alone
Claimed… April 2018

Novellas in the For Her Series
Stay Close.. July 2017
Pandora… October 16 2017
Henry… January 22 2017

Single Titles
The Virgin Duet
Owning the Beast
My New Step Dad
Their Stepsister
Snow and Mistletoe
Ps. You’re Mine
Trailer Park Virgin
Guarding His Obsession
Growling For Mine
Curvy
Untouched
Holding His Forever
Tempting the Law
Paid For
Shielding Lily
Wanting My Stepsister
Stealing Christmas
Paying Daddy’s Debt
Her Touch
Devotion

The Princess Series
His Princess
Stolen Princess
Claimed Princess
Forbidden Princess
Unexpected Princess… July 2017

Bundled Series
Cowboys and Virgins
Buy Me Series Bundle
Innocent Series Bundle
Halloween Treats
Ghost Riders MC - Complete Series
Forced Submission Bundle Books 1-3
Forced Submission Bundle Books 4-6

Taking the Fall Series
Taking the Fall Bundle
Fall Into Place

Alexa Riley Promises
Mr and Mrs
Blackmailing the Virgin
The Billionaire and His Castaway

The Breeding Series
Coach
Mechanic
Thief

The Fairytale Shifter Series
Riding Red
Beauty Sleeps
The Lost Slipper
Finding Snow
Growling For Mine - Bonus Shifter Book

All Titles
Alexa Riley Amazon
Alexa Riley Website














For all the HOT news and DIRTY detailsâ€¦
sign up for the mailing list!


Newsletter







@_AlexaRiley




AlexaRileyAR



www.AlexaRiley.com











