


Â 







 

 
 
Evernight
Publishing ®
 
www.evernightpublishing.com
 
 
 
Copyright© 2016 Sam Crescent
 
 
 ISBN: 978-1-77233-832-4
 
Cover
Artist: Jay Aheer
 
Editor: Karyn
White
 
 
 
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
 
 
WARNING:
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is
illegal.  No part of this book may be
used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission,
except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.
 
This is a
work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any
resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or
dead, is entirely coincidental. 
 
 







 
BILLIONAIRE BEAST
 
Billionaire Bikers MC, 2
 
Sam Crescent
 
Copyright © 2016
 
 
 
Chapter One
 
Richard “Beast” Bruce stared down at Tina as she took
his dick to the back of her throat, and held his cock there. She was a fucking
pro at taking cock, and it was one of the reasons why she was such a good club
whore. For the past two months he’d been calling her regularly to his work
place just so he could blow off steam. It didn’t help that his PA, Temperance Harris,
was going around in tight, fuck-me skirts, which was doing nothing more than
turning him on. She was a good PA, the best he’d ever had, but she was fucking
killing him. It wasn’t even Temperance’s fault. It was his. 
She didn’t try
to tempt or tease him. 
Her efficiency was one of the reasons he liked her.
Wrapping his fingers around Tina’s hair, he held onto her, and started to pump
his hips up into her waiting mouth. The Billionaire Bikers Motorcycle Club had
been started by ten billionaires, and he was one of them. They were like a lot
of other MCs. They had a clubhouse where they kept women, and some close
friends to them liked to party. The women were paid for their services, and in
return they kept their mouths shut. The Billionaire Bikers also helped ensure the
safety and future of women who had been caught up in human trafficking, or the
sex market. It was mostly Lewis Cox’s fault that the club dealt with helping
women. Richard understood why Lewis’s mission was to try to end all kinds of
human trafficking, but they were fighting a war that Richard doubted they would
ever win.
Tina was his club whore of choice for many reasons.
One of his club brothers, Russ, had settled down with Anna, one of the women
they’d saved. Tina had been hoping Russ would take her as an old lady, and
wife. Of course, that was never going to happen. 
Richard was surprised that Russ had settled down. The
club had been built together as brothers with the belief they wouldn’t settle
down. 
A knock on the door startled him, and he closed his
eyes. Tina’s mouth wasn’t where he wanted to be. There was another woman he
wanted more than anyone else.
“What is it?” Richard asked. 
“Sir, I’ve got your mail for you,” Temperance said. 
Just the sound of her voice was enough to arouse him.
She had this husky voice, which always sounded to him like pure sex, the kind
of voice a woman gets from screaming for hours in orgasm, maybe even from being
between two men. Yeah, he was a little fucked up. He happened to enjoy sharing
a woman. There was something beautiful when a woman was being fucked, getting
pleasure from two men.
Staring down at Tina, he gritted his teeth. The woman
between his thighs wasn’t doing it for him. Tina had never really done it for
him. It was just always so easy to imagine someone else in her place.
“I’ll come out and get it in a minute.”
There was no way he was going to leave without
reaching orgasm. Fucking Tina’s face, he kept his eyes closed and imagined it
was Temperance on the floor taking his cock. Damn, he’d have her spread out on
the table, sucking her pretty pussy before plunging his dick deep inside her. 
Richard held onto the back of Tina’s head and started
to pump inside her mouth. He groaned out, unable to contain the sound of his
pleasure. Spilling his cum into her mouth, he felt her swallowing him down. 
Opening his eyes, he watched as she licked the last
drop, and sat back on her legs. Instead of feeling satisfied, he wasn’t. The
orgasm hadn’t done anything to satisfy him. It was just empty. 
“Time to leave,” he said. 
“What? You don’t want me to stay so I can give you a
main course?” Tina asked, rubbing her hands up his thighs. 
Shaking his head, he stood up, putting away his now
flaccid cock. “Get out.”
“You don’t have to be so rude.”
Tina got to her feet and ran her fingers through her
short hair. 
She was the complete opposite of Temperance, and this
woman oozed bitchiness. There wasn’t a single nice bone in her body. 
Reaching out, he gripped the back of her neck, pulling
her in tight. “You’re a woman of our club. We pay your way, and in return, we
own you, Tina. Don’t for a second think you can get away with shit.”
He released her, and she simply glared at him. Tina
was becoming a problem. 
“I’ll see you tonight?” she asked. The mask dropped
into place, and Richard saw through her. 
“No.” He wasn’t going to be joining in club activities
tonight. He still had some business to attend to, so he’d be working late. 
Moving toward the door of his office, he opened it up.

Tina brushed past him, leaning up to kiss his cheek.
“Have a good day, handsome.”
She was pushing her luck, and he caught sight of
Temperance watching them. Was Tina trying to find a place as his old lady? He
hoped not. Richard had vowed never to harm women, but Tina was testing the
club’s nerve. He made a note to talk to Russ. 
Temperance’s gaze followed Tina as the other woman
walked to the elevator. 
“You had mail for me,” he said, approaching the desk. 
She turned toward him, looking startled. “Ah, yes,
here you go.” She handed him a thick pile of letters. Some of them were
official, and others were junk mail. 
“I’ll be working late tonight on the O’Brian account.”
“The guy who designs makeup?” Temperance asked. 
Part of his success was that his company held several
accounts and wasn’t just in one industry. He owned several firms, and for certain
accounts, he made sure he was the one heading them. 
“One and the same. I’ll need you tonight,” he said. 
“Not a lot of notice.”
“Do you need a lot of notice?” he asked. 
Temperance smiled. “I need some. I could have a hot
date, or be doing something.”
Richard didn’t like the sudden sick feeling at the
thought of her doing something with anyone else without him. He liked the
thought of sharing her, but it had to be with someone of his choice. 
The smile on her face dropped as he continued to stare
at her. 
“Will you be able to make it?” he asked. “Or do I need
to employ someone else?”
“No, I can make it.”
“Then what was with all that other sh—nonsense?”
Richard didn’t advertise his extracurricular activity. There were always rumors
about what the billionaire beast did, but he never allowed speculation about his
personal life in the office. He enjoyed the club, and liked to keep the two
separate. 
“Nothing, it would have been nice to have some notice,
is all.” She gave him another smile, only this one was forced. He didn’t like
her to force her humor. 
Walking back into his office, he kept his door open
and moved behind his desk. Taking a seat, he started to go through his mail. All
the time he was aware of Temperance leaving her desk, and swaying those perfect
full hips of hers. He’d give anything to have her naked and beneath him. There
was even a small spark of lust, thinking about her pressed between him and
another man. Together, they’d blow her world apart. Richard wasn’t a small man.
He was large, and some women, even Tina and Luna, some of their club women,
couldn’t take all of him. Most of the time the women he was with preferred for
him to finish off in their mouths, which he didn’t have a problem with. God,
what was wrong with him? 
Dropping the mail, he spun around to look out of the
window over the city. So much was changing within the club life. It happened
long before Russ found Anna. Being a billionaire and a biker was not a
combination that could last all that long. He saw the way certain clients
looked at him when he was in a meeting. Richard didn’t doubt for a second that
his life wouldn’t be the same without his reputation and the way he looked. He
wasn’t a conventional businessman. Most of the people he dealt with believed
him to be a fighter, a criminal, or at least working with criminals. 
He’d always been a large guy, and he also worked out. 
Exercise was one of the best ways for him to blow off
steam.
Staring out of the window, Richard wondered if the
Billionaire Bikers would continue to ride after Lewis found the woman he’d been
hunting for. 
“Here is your coffee,” Temperance said, interrupting
his thoughts. 
Spinning around, he watched as she straightened his
desk. She was bent forward a little showing off a great deal of cleavage. His
mouth watered for a taste of her. He wanted to pull her toward him, tear open her
shirt, and lick the valley between her tits. 
His cock pulsed, and he moved in his seat to get
himself comfortable. 
“Do you like O’Brian?” he asked. 
“How do you mean?”
“We’ve been trying to get his account for the past six
months, and he’s been pretty adamant about going over his contract. I just
wondered what you thought of him?” Richard didn’t like the man, but he knew of
O’Brian’s reputation with the women and with fellow colleagues. The only reason
Richard was going to be striking up a deal with the makeup mogul was because he
was the top man in his field. 
“Look, my feelings don’t matter, so don’t worry about
it.”
“I just want to get another perspective on the guy.”
****
Why, oh why did he have to ask her that question? 
Temperance stared across the large desk at her rather
large boss. Richard was a very intense boss. She wouldn’t call him a tyrant or
even a bully, though many would. He was a perfectionist, which was rather
strange considering his lifestyle choice. She knew about his other life as a
biker even though he tried to keep it separate. Temperance had seen his leather
jacket when he’d been in his en-suite bathroom. She had left him a coffee, and
seen the name of the club. When she’d gotten home, she had done her research to
find out who he was. Of course, the internet only ever told one story. 
She knew the man in the suit, and there were times she
was curious about the man in the leather jacket. Which man was the real one?
Were both an act? Either way, she’d never find out. He was such a grumpy man at
times. 
“What are your
thoughts on him?” she asked. O’Brian was a lecherous bastard, who thought he
was the answer to every woman’s sexual fantasy. Not hers, nope. O’Brian was
gross, and he’d even made her vomit in her own mouth once with his sexual
overtures. 
Richard leaned back, and the chair gave a little
squeak under his weight. Her boss wasn’t fat. He was just big, huge even, like
a gladiator, or a demigod, or something. He certainly had her getting wet. 
Temperance pushed all those thoughts to one side. She
refused to be aroused by her boss, or at least that was what she tried to tell
herself on a daily basis. 
“He’s a classic asshole. Money has made him believe
he’s untouchable.”
Biting her lip, she forced herself to stare at
Richard’s face, and not do a casual sweep down his body, even though she wanted
to. 
“Untouchable?”
“I don’t like him.”
“Yet you’re going to do a deal.”
“I do a lot of deals with men I don’t like. Women as
well.”
“Was that a deal you were doing with that woman?” Temperance
slapped her hand over her mouth. She couldn’t believe what she had just said.
Never did she make anything so personal. 
“Tina is not business.” He climbed out of his chair
and made his way around the desk. Temperance took a step back to give him room,
and to also make sure that he didn’t actually touch her. This was how they
survived their kind of boss and employee relationship. Richard was his
domineering self, and she stayed out of his way. Neither of them touched. Just
by being near to him, she felt a prickle of awareness at him being so close.
“She’s been coming to the office a lot. Sorry, it’s
none of my business.” Temperance had an idea who the woman was, but she wasn’t
about to cross that line with her boss. 
“It’s okay.”
She couldn’t help but stare at his hands. They were so
large, and she wondered how they would feel on her body, caressing and touching
her. Pushing those thoughts aside, she took a step back. 
“You still haven’t answered my question about
O’Brian.”
“You’re not a fool, Mr. Bruce. You know my thoughts on
O’Brian.” She left his office, going back to her desk. Taking a seat, she
pulled up a list of the day’s appointments. She made a quick note, seeing that
he had a twelve o’clock. Getting to her feet, she made her way toward the conference
rooms. 
Temperance knew her job well, so she set about
preparing the room. She placed a notice that the room would be in use, and also
opened some windows. There was nothing worse than being unprepared for a
meeting. 
Whistling, she arranged all the chairs and grabbed a
quick cloth to dust down the table.
She loved her job. Working as Richard’s PA took her
around the world, and she got to experience different kinds of cultures and
admire a variety of countries. Not only did she love the travel, she actually
enjoyed working with her boss, who was rather testy at times. He intrigued her.

Still, he was her boss, and there was no way he’d
cross that kind of line. She never expected him to. Temperance wouldn’t even
dream of trying to tempt him. 
“What are you doing?” Richard asked. 
Spinning around toward the door, she saw him standing in
the entrance. One of his hands was in his pants pocket, and the other holding
the door handle. 
“You don’t think all your offices are pristine, do
you? I’m just getting it ready for your first meeting of the day. Would you
rather I stop?”
“Don’t we have cleaners for that job?”
“I can run a cloth along a surface. It’s no big deal.”
“I pay you to work for me.”
“I am.”
He shook his head. “No, this is not working for me.
This is cleaning.”
Temperance frowned. 
“Let me put it another way, do I need to hire a
cleaner during the day?” He stepped into the room and started to advance toward
her. 
She stayed where she was. “I really don’t understand
where you’re going with this line of questioning.”
Richard kept on walking until he stood right in front
of her. The scent of his cologne was intoxicating. She was sure she detected a
hint of leather and the scent of oil. 
“The question I’m asking, Temperance Harris, is do I
need to hire a cleaner seeing as you were not at your desk? I had to answer the
phone in your absence.”
It was like a fog had descended over her brain making
everything all hazy. 
Nothing happened. Richard stood within her private
space, and she couldn’t think. “A new cleaner?”
“It would mean you’d remain at your desk. I always
wondered why you’d disappear an hour before a meeting. Now I know.” 
Was he whispering? His breath seemed to fan her face. 
As she glanced down at his body, Temperance’s cheeks
heated. Pressed against the front of his pants was his large cock, and she had
to contain her sudden fear. He was huge, and not just biker huge. This was porn
star huge. 
“You want me back at my desk?”
“Yes, I want you back at your desk.”
“All right.” She brushed past him and headed toward
the door, but Richard caught her. “Is there anything I can get you?”
Richard didn’t speak, and she forced herself to look
up. He was staring at her curiously. “Yeah, there is.”
“What would you like?”
“I want to know who Bryan is.”
“Bryan? I don’t understand.”
“The person who called your desk. His name is Bryan,
and he wanted you to call right away. He said it was urgent.”
“Oh, Bryan. Right, yes, he’s my brother.”
“You have a brother?” he asked. 
“Yes, I have a brother. I also have a little sister,
too. She’s in college right now, studying for an art major.”
“I never knew you had a brother.”
“He’s one of my contacts for emergencies. If you can’t
get my parents, he’s the next one in line.”
Richard tilted his head to the side, observing her. “I
never knew you had a family.”
Temperance smiled. “Everyone has a family.”
He released her arm. “Not me.”
“Surely you must have had some family.”
“None. I was passed through foster homes. Never did
stick.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.”
“Are you married?” he asked.
“What? No. I’m not married.”
“Do you have a partner?”
“No, I’m single, why?”
“I’m just curious to know. I don’t seem to know a lot
about you.”
“Mr. Bruce, all of these questions can be answered on
my employment form. You have them on all your employees, and you wouldn’t let
me work for you without it.”
“Lifestyle choices change.”
Temperance stared at him. “Are you married?”
“No.”
“Single?”
“Yes.”
“What about that woman? She doesn’t strike me as a
sister or a work colleague.”
“Miss Harris, what are you doing?”
“I’m asking reasonable questions. The way I see it, if
you can ask them personally of me, then I can do the same of you. You once said
you believed in equality, providing your employees knew that the final decision
was your own.”
“You remembered that.” His lips gave a twinge as if he
was fighting a smile. 
“I’m sorry that my brother called the office. I won’t
let it happen again.” She started walking toward the door, and was about to
exit when his voice stopped her. 
“She’s a woman I fuck when the mood strikes me.”
Glancing at her boss over her shoulder, Temperance
couldn’t believe the flood of arousal that swept over her from his blatant
words. 
He fucked in the office. She’d known all along, and
even though they were breaking the employer and employee code, she didn’t care.

****
It was getting late, and Jay knew it was going to be
another day where Temperance wouldn’t be returning home to their apartment. She
hadn’t even called this time. Her boss, Richard, he was starting to be a
problem. He saw the difference in her. She liked her boss. No, not just liked,
it was too subtle a word. Temperance wanted her boss. The desire was clear in
her eyes, and Jay didn’t know what to do. He was losing the only woman he ever
loved, and it was all his fault. She had never shown the slightest interest in
him after their time years ago. He didn’t want to lose her, but other than
sharing her with this boss, he didn’t know if he was ever going to win her
over. 
Just the thought of his little Tempe losing herself
between him and another man had his cock so damn hard. She’d always had this
effect on him, consuming him with need.
If only he’d fought for her back then. They had a lot
of history. 
I’m not going to let another guy take her from me. 
Jay would do whatever he had to in order to keep her.
He needed to find out who this boss was. 







Chapter Two
 
He hated O’Brian. The bastard was so smug, and thought
he knew what the hell he was doing. Richard stared across the table at the most
irritating man he’d ever done business with. 
Sure, O’Brian’s cosmetics were the best quality, but
now he wanted to expand, and he also wanted to make a ludicrous advertisement
that starred not only actors and actresses, but also both porn stars and real
life people, since his cosmetics reached far and wide. They were so expensive,
though, and only the rich would spend a ridiculous amount on them. Once Richard
had the account, and O’Brian as part of his bigger brand, he’d make sure
everyone would be able to have them.
Richard didn’t believe in cutting the market in half
so only the wealthy could have what they wanted. He knew what life was like out
on the streets, being dirt poor, and having others look down on you because of
it. That wasn’t going to be the way he worked. 
He glanced over at Temperance, who was sitting at his
right side, making notes. She was always so efficient. He’d made a fool of
himself earlier today with his reaction to her brother. At first he had thought
that she had a boyfriend, and he’d become aroused. The way Temperance responded
to him, he knew she was attracted to him. They had also crossed a line. He
didn’t know why he’d told her about Tina, but they had been dancing around this
for a long time. The tension was building between them. 
“What do you think?” O’Brian asked. 
“It sounds like a lot of work for makeup,” Richard
said. 
“Please, this is my
product. I’m telling you, it’ll reach far and wide. Miss Harris, what about
you?” O’Brian offered his supposedly warm, winning smile toward her.
“I’m sorry?” Temperance looked at him and then back at
O’Brian. “I’m not sure I follow.”
“Is that an O’Brian I detect on your beautiful face?”
Temperance shook her head. “No.” She said it so the O
at the end sounded long and drawn out. Richard couldn’t help but smile. 
“Excuse me?”
“I don’t wear O’Brian products.”
Richard saw the change in his potential client. “Why
not?”
She looked toward him, and Richard raised a brow. He
didn’t give a shit if she insulted the egotistical bastard. 
“Erm, they’re too expensive.”
“So you don’t get paid enough?”
Richard smirked. 
“Actually, I get paid a great deal for the job I do.
What I don’t like is wasting the money on a bunch of foundation when it’s all
the same.” She pressed her lips together, looking sick. 
He found it to be one of the funniest things he’d seen
all day. “What my very efficient PA is trying to say is that you’re currently a
limited market. The wealthy are more than happy to buy expensive products whereas
women on a smaller income couldn’t afford it.” Richard started to get into his
line of marketing the man’s product to the masses, and within time, going for
the entertainment industry using it as well. He saw he had already captured
O’Brian’s attention, and he just needed to draw him that final bit with the
figures. 
Once he had O’Brian, they signed on the dotted line,
and Richard had now acquired another element to his empire. 
“Well done,” Temperance said, later that night. 
It was a little after ten, as the meeting had run on
for a lot longer than Richard anticipated. 
“I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Yeah, right. You’re an expert in getting what you
want. You had that completely covered.” She packed away the files, and together
they made their way toward leaving the conference room. They made their way
back toward his office, and Richard went straight to his safe. 
Taking the folders from her, he placed them inside,
and locked them away ready for tomorrow morning where he’d hand them to his
lawyer. 
“It took you commenting about your foundation to finally
draw him in,” he said, wanting to give credit where credit was due. 
“But I didn’t lie to you about that or about anything.
I don’t wear O’Brian products.”
“Is it because they’re overpriced?”
She pursed her lips. “Mostly. In the beginning it was
because they were too expensive. All foundation works. Then I met the guy
behind the makeup, and I didn’t like him, so I won’t buy any of his stuff. He’s
already got enough ego as it is.”
“I don’t have to market him, just his product.”
“I couldn’t believe how he wanted to market it with porn
stars, and regular people. Seriously, I feel like I was dealing with an
amateur. There are ways to handle different products.”
“Are you a prude?” he asked, leaning against the edge
of his desk. Temperance stood in front of him, so close that their legs were
almost touching. 
“I’m not a prude.”
“The porn stars didn’t bother you?”
“Not at all. We’ve all got to earn a living, and we
all have ways of earning it. What I don’t agree with is putting everything in
one big box, and calling it neatly wrapped. I was thinking for the sultry line
get adult entertainers to work with it. As you go down his different lines,
you’ll see what appeals to some, and not others.”
“No prude?” he asked, not caring about O’Brian’s
cosmetics anymore.
“I’m not a prude.”
Richard stared into her green eyes and smiled. “If we
had a client who happened to be a porn star, and she wanted our help to expand
her production career, it wouldn’t bother you?”
“Not at all.”
“Watching sex all day?”
Temperance chuckled. “Would it bother you, boss?”
“No.”
“Are you sure? You seem to be hung up on me liking
it.”
“I just want to know your limits.”
She leaned forward a little more, resting her hands on
his thighs. “I don’t have any limits.”
They stayed like that for several seconds. She smelled
like cinnamon and spice, which he found to be a heady combination. 
“No limits?”
“No. What about you?”
Richard slid his fingers into her hair, and gripped
the length tightly, drawing her closer toward him. “I’m a man without limits.”
Pulling her to him, he closed that small space between them so that she stood
pressed between his thighs. 
“Richard?” 
His name came from her lips in a moan. “What?”
“We’re crossing that line.”
He chuckled. “We crossed that line earlier today.”
Running a finger across her lips, he couldn’t help but wonder what they would
look like wrapped around his dick. They were so plump and soft. Pulling her in
that last little inch, he slammed his lips down on hers. Even perched on the
edge of his desk, he was taller than she was. She gave way to his mouth,
opening her lips, and he plunged right in, deepening the kiss. She tasted of
mints and coffee, a heady combination. 
She gave a moan, and her hands moved up to cup his
waist.
They had indeed crossed whatever line held them, and
he didn’t care. All he wanted in that moment was her, bent over any surface so
that he could get her. She was so fucking sexy, and he wanted that surrounding
him. From the moment Temperance had come to work for him, she’d been driving
him crazy. There was a time when he never called the club whores to work to
service his need, but now he did it on a regular basis. The only reason was
because he couldn’t have this woman. If he could have Temperance, he wouldn’t
go to anyone else. She fired his need unlike anyone else. 
“No, we can’t do this,” Temperance said, breaking from
the kiss. 
Her lips were already red and raw.
“Why?”
“You’re my boss. I don’t want this to get weird.”
Grabbing her hand, he pressed it against his cock.
“This is already more than I can bear to take right now.” He stood up, wrapping
his arms around her, capturing her ass, and pulling her close. Richard rubbed
his cock against her stomach, letting her know exactly how hard he was. 
He wasn’t small, not at all. 
Growing up, he’d always been bigger, taller, wider. By
the time he was ten years old, he had no choice but to wear adult sizes, as his
own age wouldn’t fit him. 
At thirteen, he was already having sex with girls
older than he was, and he even fucked a couple of women. Richard liked his
size, but he also knew that with it came the pain that women experienced. Sex always
had to be careful for him, even when he wanted to get down dirty and rough. 
It had been a long time since he’d felt this yearning,
this ache to be with someone. 
Tilting her head back, he claimed her lips, and spun
them around, lifting her up so that Temperance was on the desk in front of him.
He lifted up her skirt, scoring his nails up her thighs, finding that she
wasn’t wearing pantyhose. Fuck, his cock thickened even more if that was possible.

All this time he’d thought her smooth thighs were
because of some tights or stockings, when in fact, it was just her skin. 
When the skirt wouldn’t go up anymore, he broke from
the kiss, trailing his lips down her collarbone, and then over her shirt. He
sucked her nipple through her shirt, happy that she wasn’t wearing a padded
bra. 
Her tits were so large, and he wanted to see them. His
hands were busy though. He grabbed her panties, and tore them right off her
body, leaving her juicy pussy exposed. The scent of her musky cunt was making
his mouth water. 
Moving onto the next breast, he sucked her nipple into
his mouth so that she had twin wet patches on her shirt. It was one of the
hottest things he’d ever witnessed, and one he wanted to see again. 
He knelt down in front of her, dragging her to the
edge of his desk, and tilting her back, so that she had no choice but to rest
on her hands. 
“Oh God, Richard, what are you doing?”
“I’m going to taste this pretty pussy. You’re already
wet for me, baby. You want my tongue on this pretty clit?” He didn’t give her a
chance to respond before he was swiping his tongue through her cream, moaning
as her taste exploded on his tongue. 
She was so sweet and musky. He wanted more. Sliding
his tongue inside her, he fingered her clit. She was so slick that her cream
was spilling out of her cunt and leaking down to her ass. 
“Yes, yes, yes, just like that. Oh, wow,” she said,
rubbing her pussy all over his face. 
Removing his fingers, he gripped the edge of her shirt
and tugged, so that buttons sprayed all over his office. His cock was to the
point of pain where it was stuck inside his pants, and he quickly released it,
rubbing the pre-cum all over the tip and sides of his dick. 
Flicking his tongue over her clit, he couldn’t resist
dipping inside her. 
Creating a little pattern, he caressed her clit with
his tongue, and then slid down, fucking inside her so that her cum dripped onto
his tongue for him to swallow. One hand was on his cock, and the other he
glided up her body, cupping the lace bra she wore, and pulling it aside. Her
tit spilled out, and he started to play with her nipple, pinching it.
Temperance arched up into his touch, her body clearly on fire for what he
needed. 
She looked so fucking inviting. Her legs splayed open,
getting eaten by her boss. It was how porn movies started, and he had to say,
she was the best star he could ever want. 
“Do you like that, Temperance?” he asked. “You like
being spread over my desk, giving me what I want?”
She moaned in answer. 
Plunging two fingers inside her pussy, he tongued her
clit, wanting her to ride his hand and face to completion. 
He wanted Temperance to think of nothing but him, to
wipe every single memory of everyone she’d ever been with before. 
Sucking on her clit, he used his teeth to create a
little more pain, and then soothed out the pain with the flat of his tongue.
Her hands gripped the edge of the desk, holding on tightly as he sucked her
pussy, loving the taste of her cum. She was fucking juicy, and he wouldn’t need
to use lubricant to get inside her. 
“I’m going to come,” she said, gasping as her pussy
started to spasm around his fingers, tightening. 
Richard was relentless on her pussy, wanting her
sounds of pleasure. She’d be screaming his name by the end of the night, and he
wasn’t going to stop now. 
Pulling a condom out of his pocket, as he always kept
them on him, he teased her clit as the last waves of her orgasm started to fade
away. Tearing into the foil, he worked quickly, sliding the condom down his
length. He used both hands, and within seconds, he was standing between her
thighs, running the tip against her slit, coating his dick. 
At her entrance, he stared into her green eyes as he
slowly started to press inside her. She was so tight, but he was also so big.
Her pussy was still contracting, and with each tug of her fading orgasm, she
took him a little deeper.
“Fuck, you’re big,” she said. 
“That’s it, baby, talk dirty to me.”
He’d only ever seen her as prim and proper. This was a
new side of her, and he liked it. 
“Fuck me, Richard.”
“I am.”
“No, fuck me.” She levered herself off the desk trying
to take more of his dick. He removed his hand from the base of his cock, and
held her hips. 
“Shit, stop, Tempe.”
“No, you’re being gentle. Don’t be gentle with me.
We’ve crossed that line now, Richard, fuck me.”
Damn! He wanted her so much. Holding onto her hips, he
slammed in deep, and she took all of him. Every single inch of his cock, and he
groaned, loving the warmth of her pussy surrounding him. 
She was so hot, wet, and tight.
Temperance wrapped her arms around his neck, and her
legs were wrapped around his waist, squeezing him tightly. 
“You’ve been under my fucking nose all this time.” He
had to wonder if she was limited to only one man. Watching Temperance come
apart had to be one of the hottest things he’d ever witnessed. 
“What?” she asked, frowning. 
“Nothing.” He pulled out of her, and slammed within
her, watching her cry out. Kissing her neck, he drove in her again, loving the
tightness of her. “Come on, Tempe, ride my dick. Take what you want.”
He lifted her up from the desk and walked the few steps
back toward his office chair. Lowering himself into the chair, he pushed her
shirt off her body, reaching behind her to flick the catch of the bra. Her tits
spilled free, and he threw the shirt and bra to the floor. At the same time,
she tore his shirt out of his pants, and started working open the buttons. 
Her nails scored over his chest, and he gripped her
ass beneath her skirt, knowing he’d leave marks with how hard he held her. 
With his hold on her ass, he made her start to ride
his cock. He looked up from between where they were joined, to her beautiful
eyes. She had these starling eyes, which were like gemstones. He found himself
captured by them. 
“Fuck me, Tempe.”
“This is so far across the line,” she said, moaning. 
“Over the line. We’re fucking miles across over it.”
He’d never fucked an employee, and even though he’d dreamed of taking
Temperance, he never truly believed he’d do it. 
With the taste of her still in his mouth, and the feel
of her cunt wrapped around his dick, he didn’t care. 
Right there in his office, he watched her tits swing
in front of his face, as he continued to fuck up into her pussy. 
Releasing her ass, he sank his fingers into her hair
and pulled her down, to claim her lips. His orgasm was so close, and the way
she rippled around his cock, Richard couldn’t hold back. 
Holding her hip, and the back of the head, he took the
both to the floor with her beneath him. He didn’t once release her lips as he
rode her hard, fucking inside her with abandon, giving her everything. 
Only when he screamed her name, as she did the same
with his own name, did reality start to set in. He spilled his cum into the
waiting condom, and the moment the pleasure began to ebb away, he pulled back,
staring into her eyes. 
The line had been crossed, and Richard didn’t know
what the hell to do. 
****
“Come on, Jay, you’ve been blowing me off for weeks,”
Friday said. 
Jay stared at the girl he’d been trying to stop coming
to his apartment. He’d met her in a club one Friday night, they’d had sex, and
for a short time, she became the woman he saw on a Friday. Usually, he only saw
women when Temperance was no longer home. He missed her, and with her working
for the big hotshot, it had been impossible to actually get her alone.
“I’m not in the mood.”
“You’re never in the mood. Have you found someone
else, or do you have some hard-on for your fat roommate?”
Gritting his teeth, he took a step away from Friday.
The apartment had a lot of pictures of him and Temperance. His friend wasn’t
slender. Temperance possessed curves that some women deemed fat. He loved her shape,
and spent most of his time wishing he could hold onto those lush curves. She
was at least a size sixteen, but he didn’t care. He loved Temperance no matter
her size.
“I’m not going to do this with you. I want you to
leave,” he said.
Just as Friday was about to open her mouth, he heard
the front door slam. Temperance was home.







Chapter Three
 
Temperance slammed into her apartment and started to
pace the entrance hall. “What the hell have I done?”
“Tempe, is that you?” 
She looked up to see her best friend, Jay. She shared
her apartment, and Jay was a bad boy accountant, or that was what he told her. They’d
been friends for the longest time, and shared a lot together. 
“Yes, it’s—” She cut off when she saw a red head
coming out of his room. The other woman wore a revealing dress that did nothing
to really cover her body. “Erm, okay.”
“Tempe, this is Red. Red, this is Tempe,” Jay said. 
“I have a real name. Emma is my real name, and I’m
leaving. I can’t believe you would pick her over me. You’re an asshole, Jay,
and you can find someone else to fuck and be your girlfriend.”
“What? No, no, no, I’m not his girlfriend. I’m just
his friend. We room together.”
“Weird,” Red said, before leaving. 
“Weird? How are we weird? It’s normal what we do,
right?” Temperance asked. 
“I don’t know. I guess it’s pretty weird. We’re not
young anymore.”
“So? How does it have to be weird? I’m twenty-nine
years old, and so are you. We’re both not attached.”
“Yeah, I don’t really care what my Friday night is
thinking.”
“Friday night?”
“Yeah, you’re usually over at your parents’ house, on
a Friday night.”
Temperance rubbed her temple. “Please tell me you’re
not one of those guys who label their women based on the day of the week you
screw them?” She moved toward the couch and slumped down. Her night was going
from bad, to great, to worse. The bad boy accountant image fit Jay perfectly.
“Does it matter? She thought I was being insulting
only calling her Red, when I have her in my phone as Friday.” Jay pulled out
his cell phone, pulling up the other woman’s information, and showing it off to
her. 
“You’re a pig, right? You get that.”
“Does your boss let you get away with that mouth, or
has he discovered you’ve got a hot, sexy side?”
She groaned, grabbing a pillow, and putting it over
her face. 
“That’s not exactly the answer I was going for.”
“It’s complicated, Jay.”
“Is that why you slammed the door to get into the
apartment?”
“I didn’t slam anything.”
“Er, you did, and you weren’t quiet about it either.
It was an almighty slam.” 
Peeking around her pillow, she watched as he did the
action as well as if he knew all along what he was doing. “It wasn’t like
that.”
“It was. I’d just been about to give Friday the update
that she was boring me, and you interrupted me. Completely messed with my
muse.”
“How am I even friends with you?”
“I’m adorable, and I’ve never been mean to you.”
That was true. She’d been friends with Jay ever since
playschool. Their parents had been close, and she had been close with Jay. Even
throughout school, and then into high school, he’d stuck by her side. She’d
been the chubby, awkward kid, but he didn’t drop her. Everyone knew not to mess
with her unless they wanted to face his wrath. He took care of her. They ended
up going to the same college, and yes, he took her virginity, which was the
creepy part of their relationship. Temperance hadn’t been able to handle the
feelings he’d inspired, and she’d cut it off before he had the chance to. They
had gotten past it. Their friendship came before anything else. Jay fucked
around, and she had the occasional dates. Unless it was serious, they had each
other. To this day, Temperance had never had a serious boyfriend, and she
doubted she ever would. 
She let out a sigh. “I did something stupid.” 
“How? You’ve been at work all day.”
“That was the problem. My boss, Richard, he wanted me
to stay behind. He has this new account, and I can’t tell you about it, so
don’t ask. Anyway, something has been a little different today, and we crossed
a line.”
“You crossed a line? Sounds exciting.”
“Be serious for a second, Jay. Honestly, it’s scary.”
“Why?”
“I slept with my boss.”
Silence fell in their small apartment, and she chanced
a glance at Jay to see him frowning. The moment he caught sight of her staring,
she groaned. “You think badly of me, don’t you?”
“What? No?” He shook his head. “Of course not.”
“You’re being weird with me, Jay. Please give it to me
straight.”
“You slept with your boss?”
“There wasn’t any sleeping taking place. We had sex.
Hot sex.” She sighed. “Mind-blowing sex.”
Jay nodded, and a second later he stood up. “This is
the boss you’ve been talking about a lot, right? Richard Bruce?”
He was acting strangely, almost as if he was jealous,
but that couldn’t be the case. Jay was never jealous. He complained about other
women being jealous but never about her. 
“He’s my boss, Jay.”
“It’s not like that. You’ve been attracted to him long
before now, right?”
Biting her lip, Temperance had to think, and she knew
the truth. “I guess, yeah.”
Jay nodded. 
“Is something wrong?” Temperance asked. 
“No. It’s not.”
“I made a huge mistake. I’m going to have to give in
my resignation letter.”
“How was it?”
“What?”
“The sex. How was it?” Jay poured them both a glass of
wine, offering her one, which she took. She needed everything to help her come
to terms with what the hell had just happened in her life. 
“It was … amazing. I mean, it was only in the office
but he knows what to do with his hands, and mouth, and it has been so long.”
Her cheeks heated recalling the way he held her ass, riding her pussy as he
did.
“I’m happy for you. What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t have a clue.” She groaned, dropping her head
back against the couch. “I’m going to have to quit.”
“Well if you do, you know I’m here.”
“You’re supposed to be supportive, and tell me not to
worry about it.”
“I’ve never visited you at your office, have I?” he
asked. “I don’t know who this Richard is?”
“Huh? No, I don’t think you have. You’re always
dealing with numbers, and clients.”
“Yeah, it shocks the fuck out of women when they find
out an accountant has blown their mind.”
“It makes a change for me to be the crazy one, and not
you.”
“This guy must mean something to you to go that next
step.”
“I really don’t know. I like him. He’s … different.
Yeah, he’s different, and when he looks at me, he sees me.” She smiled
recalling how intensely Richard watched her, the heat in his gaze. 
“You’re a sexy woman, Tempe, and he doesn’t even know
the real you.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she asked, chuckling. 
“I know how much you like to have fun, and experiment,
and I’ve also seen you in action. Don’t forget I had you first.” Jay stroked
her cheek, and she smiled at him. 
“Very true. You were my first corruption.” 
He laughed, pulling his hand away. “If this guy has
any sense, but I don’t think he does as they’re all the same. Rich, wealthy,
with very little dick.”
Temperance shook her head. “He’s rich, wealthy, smart,
and he’s very well endowed in that department.”
“Okay.” 
Jay was not acting how she imagined. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“So, do you have someone to replace Friday?”
Temperance frowned. “What about Monday and Wednesday? I know you had a big
argument with them a couple of weeks ago. Are you letting them go as well?”
“Yeah, I guess I’ve been a bit lax in my judgment
lately.”
“What’s going on? What have you done with my friend?”
She touched his cheek, laughing as she did so. 
“I’m fine.”
He held onto her hand, locking their fingers together.
They had done this a lot growing up. Their parents had found their friendship
to be sweet at first, and then become a little uncomfortable. Neither of them
had seen that they were developing, and that they were no longer allowed
sleepovers. Of course, Jay was the first to lose his virginity, and he told her
all about it. She never felt jealous though. 
Jay was her best friend, and she loved him. 
“I’m going to head to bed. I’ve still got to work
tomorrow.”
“Didn’t he drop you off?” Jay asked. 
She finished her wine and winced. “Not really.
Afterward, he went into the bathroom, and I did the whole disappearing act. I
didn’t really think it through.”
“Do you think he could come here?”
“I hope not.”
****
Shit, she had found someone. 
Jay’s heart raced as he stared at his best friend.
What the fuck was he to do? He didn’t want to lose her, and yet, he saw the
look in her eye. She wanted Richard, and it went far beyond just fucking. Was
there a way he could share her? He’d never been averse to sharing a woman, but
Temperance had shown no desire for it. Jay was willing to do whatever it took
to win her over.
“Do you want him to come here?” Jay asked. 
“I’m not sure. How about you? How has your night
been?”
“Okay.”
He didn’t want to talk about how he’d been pacing the
apartment, scared out of his mind about losing his best friend, and the only
woman he’d ever loved. “I watched some television.”
Lies, all of it. 
****
“What do you do when the woman you fucked runs out on
you?” Richard asked, pulling up his pants. 
He was so fucking angry finding her doing the
disappearing act. 
“Why are you asking me?” Lewis asked. 
“I called Russ, and he’s busy.”
“So? I’ve got business to take care of.”
“Everyone knows you’ve been dealing with Mandy. Give a
guy a break and help me out.”
“There’re seven other men you can call who’ll help you
out.”
“I’m not looking for just any opinion. I want yours or
Russ’s.”
“Why?”
Tugging on his suit jacket, he glared at his cell
phone. He had it on speaker, and his so-called friend was starting to really
piss him off. “You know what it’s like to connect to another woman.”
“I don’t have a clue what you’re talking about.”
“For fuck’s sake, Lewis. You’ve just spent every
moment of your adult life hunting for a woman who went missing years ago. Mandy
is not just some kind of pussy to you. She means something.”
“What are you trying to get at?”
“Are you being obtuse on purpose? I’ve just had sex
with a woman, and she’s more than just some random pussy.”
“Oh, okay, now that makes sense. She ran out on you?”
It seemed like a switch went off inside of Lewis’s
head. 
“Yeah, she ran out on me.”
“Who is she?”
“She works for me.”
“Wow, you’re breaking your own code there.”
“Yeah, I don’t need you to spell it out for me. I know
I broke my own code.”
“Wait, are we talking about Temperance? You screwed
Temperance?”
“Yes, I screwed her, and she ran out on me.” He rubbed
the back of his head, trying to figure out what the hell to do. Richard couldn’t
recall ever being in this position before, and he was out of his depth. 
“What do you want to do?”
“Go after her.”
“Then why don’t you?”
“What?”
“Go after her? You know her address. You’ve just been
screwing her. Go after her, and do whatever the hell you want to do.” 
“Bye,” Richard said, hanging up the phone.
He took a seat behind his desk, accessed the secured
employee files, and typed in Temperance’s name.
Her details came up, and he quickly typed them in his
phone so that he could get directions. 
Before he had the chance to talk himself out of what
he was about to do, he was in his car, and following the road toward her
apartment. She lived in a really nice area, which he was happy about. The last
thing he wanted was for her to be in an awful place. Temperance never made
anything personal, and when he actually thought about their time together, she
never talked about herself. 
Today was the first that that they had ever crossed
the line. 
They were both usually … he didn’t know the way to
describe the way that they were. After what he’d experienced with her
underneath him, he wasn’t going to give that up. 
He followed the directions until he was pulling up
outside of a large building. There was parking outside, so he pulled up and
made his way into the building. There was a guy on reception, and Richard
nodded toward him before making his way toward the elevator. No one stopped
him. 
Pressing in the correct floor he’d need, he waited
while staring at his reflection in the mirror. His hair was a mess from
Temperance running her fingers through it, gripping him as he rode her pussy. 
Just the memory of her squeezing his dick was enough
to make him hard all over again. 
He adjusted his length and grew impatient with the
slow moving carriage. The moment the doors opened, seconds later he was
knocking on Temperance’s door. He didn’t like to be kept waiting, so he kept on
knocking, growing more agitated by the second. 
“What the hell?” a guy said, opening the door. 
Richard wasn’t impressed. He checked the number on the
door, and then looked back at the man. 
“I’m looking for Temperance Harris,” he said. 
“Who are you?”
“Who are you?”
“You’re knocking on my door.”
“I’m here to see Temperance. I wasn’t aware she had
visitors.”
“This is my apartment,” the man said. 
Richard didn’t like him, as he was trying to stop him
from getting what he wanted. 
“Jay, what is going on?” Temperance asked, and
suddenly there she was. “Richard?”
“Yeah, you remember me.”
“What are you doing here?”
“You ran out on me.”
“It’s not cool to come and stalk her. Kind of creepy,”
Jay said. 
“Jay, don’t,” Temperance said. 
“Why don’t you mind your own business?”
“Do you think I’m scared of you?” Jay asked, stepping
forward. “Big old businessman.”
Richard stepped forward about to show him that he was
more than just a businessman. 
“Don’t, Jay, he’s a biker, too. Don’t mess with him,”
Temperance said. 
“What?” Jay asked. 
He stared at Temperance wondering how the hell she
knew that. “We need to talk.” Richard noticed she was wearing a bathrobe, which
only served to piss him off. 
Closing the door, he kept on glaring at Jay. 
“I’m not leaving you alone with him. The rich think
they can get away with all kinds of crap.”
“He’s my boss.”
“The boss you just had sex with!”
“Jay. Please.” She growled the last part out between
clenched teeth. 
“Fine. Fine. If you know what the hell you’re doing.”
“I do.”
He watched as the mysterious Jay walked away. Richard
liked that he was prepared to stay with her to keep her safe. Jay cared about
her, that much was obvious. 
All of Temperance’s blonde tresses were falling around
her in waves, and he found he couldn’t resist touching her. 
Reaching out, he twirled some of her hair, finding it
soft to the touch. 
“What are you doing here, Mr. Bruce?”
“Mr. Bruce? We’re back to that? Seriously, after I was
just balls deep inside you.”
“God, you’re going to be vulgar.”
“Don’t,” he said. “Don’t pretend you weren’t with me
the whole way.”
“I’m not.”
“Then don’t pretend you weren’t someone different. I
heard you, Tempe, and you came apart in my arms.”
“What are you trying to say?” she asked. 
“Don’t be my employee. Be the woman you were tonight.”
“That’s not going to work. We crossed the line, and
now we have to uncross it.”
Richard shook his head. “There are some things you cannot
uncross.”
“This has to be uncrossed.”
“We fucked, and I’m not going to forget it.” He stared
down at her, and he stroked her cheek, forcing her to look up at him. “Don’t
push me out.”
“You had a woman come to the office today, and she
wasn’t a client. I’m not stupid, Richard. I know she was there for you. To
service you.”
“I can’t deny that Tina wasn’t there for that reason.”
“And now you’re following me home.”
“How do you know about the club?”
“The club?”
“The fact I’m a biker.” Richard folded his arms, and
watched as she walked away. The robe only went to her knee, and it was plain
white giving off the air of innocence. 
She took a seat on the sofa, and he watched as she
grabbed a glass of wine, taking a drink. “You left your leather jacket in your
office. I saw it, and I did a little research. There’s an old picture of you in
a newspaper clipping some years ago. Your club made headline news. Was that
woman today part of your club?”
“Yes.”
“You’re not denying it then. You’re a biker?”
“Yes.”
“A billionaire biker.”
He took a seat next to her, nodding. “Yes.”
“You do know that sounds crazy, right? A billionaire
who spends his free time being part of a biker club.”
“It’s an MC, and I don’t advertise what I do.”
“You’re surrounded by rumors though, all the time.”
“I know.” He shrugged. “It gives me an edge in the
boardroom.”
“If you think so.”
“I know so.” 
She rested her head on the back of the couch, and in
that moment, Richard finally saw her. Temperance, in her own space, surrounded
by her own personality, and he liked it. Even Jay, her best friend, suited her.
Pictures of Jay and Temperance dotted the walls. She wasn’t some sweet,
innocent girl, but a woman who liked what she liked. 
“Jay is my best friend. I’ve known him since I was a
kid, and he’s an accountant. We share an apartment, and it works for us.”
He didn’t know if he should be jealous or not. He
loved sharing a woman, and seeing the way Jay was with Temperance, it made him
wonder if there could be something in it for the future. 
“I should apologize to him?” Richard asked. 
“Nah, it’s Jay. He’s very protective of me.”
“Are you two done?” Jay said, coming out of his room.
He wore a pair of jeans and a plain white shirt. 
“It’s your apartment as well. Anyway, you wanted to
meet my boss, here is your chance. Jay, please meet Richard, my boss. Richard,
this is my best friend, Jay.”
“I’d say it’s a pleasure but it’s not,” Jay said,
moving around to sit in a chair opposite. “Do you think it’s right to fuck your
female employees?”
“Jay?”
Richard held his hand up. “I’ve not been with anyone
else, and what I had with Tempe tonight has been building for awhile.”
“Tempe? That’s what you call her.”
“This is ridiculous,” Temperance said. 
“You got a problem with that?”
“She’s my
friend. Only I call her that.”
“Jay, you’re sounding like a child.”
Richard stared at his opponent as Jay looked at
Temperance. He hadn’t become a billionaire by failing to read all the signs. He
saw it as clearly as he was seeing the yearning on Jay’s face. His earlier
assumptions had been correct. 
“Don’t worry about it, Tempe. I’m sure I’d be pissed, and rather territorial if the girl
I’d been in love with for some time, suddenly showed interest elsewhere.”
Temperance burst out laughing. “You don’t have a clue
what you’re talking about.”
“I don’t?”
“You control the boardrooms, but you don’t know
everything. Tell him, Jay.”
Richard leaned back, getting comfortable as he stared
back at Jay. “Go ahead, tell her, Jay.”
Silence fell on the room, and he waited. He didn’t
give a fuck if Jay was in love with Temperance. 
He wasn’t going to back down without a fight, and then
he’d win. Tonight he had a taste of her, and that wasn’t going to be the last
time. However, Jay opened up a great deal of possibilities.







Chapter Four
 
 “I can’t,” Jay
said. 
“What? Sure you can. You’ve been sleeping with women
all this time. You’re not in love with me. We’re best friends. We did that, and
you said it made everything too awkward.” Temperance looked at Richard, but he
was too busy staring across at her friend. The way he was looking at Jay made
her nervous. 
What was Richard thinking? 
She didn’t have the first clue, and that scared her. 
“I know what I’ve done, and I know what I feel.”
“No, this can’t be happening.” She tucked her legs up
underneath her and stared at her friend, not really seeing him. “This night is
just getting crazier by the second.”
“I love you, Tempe,” Jay said. 
She shook her head. “I’ve just seen a woman leave. A
woman you call your Friday, or Red, because you can’t remember her name.”
“I didn’t sleep with her.”
“Don’t try to pretend you’ve not had sex with every
single woman that you’ve been with.”
“No, I have slept with her, but I’ve not slept with
each woman in a long time. It has been a few months. I’ve been cutting things
off with them. You wouldn’t have noticed as you’ve been working all the time.”
“I can’t believe this right now. You’re telling me
that you’re in love with me?” She was aware of Richard watching the whole thing
between her and Jay. 
“Yes.”
“No. I can’t do this now. Not with everything.” She
got to her feet, and turned to look at Richard. “I’ll see you tomorrow. I just—I’ve
got to go to bed.”
She left the room, not looking back, and slammed her
door closed. 
None of this could be happening. She didn’t for a
second think it was possible. Jay didn’t love her, and Richard coming to her at
her apartment, was just crazy. 
Sitting on the edge of the bed, she stared down at the
floor, trying to make sense of everything, and once again, she drew a blank. 
There was no way to make sense of what the hell was
going on with those two.  
****
“Why did you have to do that?” Jay asked. 
“Why did you have to keep it a secret?” Richard was
intrigued by the man. He didn’t feel jealous as he saw an opportunity here to
live out part of his desires. Jay had been in her life for a lot longer than he
had. From just listening to them, he knew Jay had been Temperance’s first, and
they shared an apartment. There was a chance they could share, and he was more
than willing to give that a shot.
“You don’t just advertise that shit.” Jay stood and
started to pace. 
“You’re supposed to be best friends.”
“We are best friends.”
“And yet you can’t even tell her how you feel.”
Richard rested his head on his hand, curious about the man pacing before him.
“You know what, leave.”
“Why?”
“This is my apartment, and if you don’t leave, I’m
going to beat the shit out of you.” Jay moved to stand in front of him. “I
don’t give a shit if you’re some kind of biker.”
Richard always loved it when men stood over him. It was
what made standing up so exciting.
Getting to his feet, Richard stared down at her
friend. “Just so you know, I won’t be backing down. Tempe is mine.”
“Do you really think she’s going to go for a guy like
you?”
“I had her on my desk this very evening. I’ve got a
better shot than you. I’ll see her soon.” Richard made his way to the door,
glancing back at Jay. “It was nice to meet you, and I have a feeling this isn’t
going to be the last time.”
He always liked to get ahead of the competition.
Leaving Temperance’s apartment, Richard climbed into
his car and made his way to the luxury clubhouse that he shared with nine other
billionaires. They were the closest thing he had to a family, and to a
brotherhood. He’d never grown attached to anyone else. The billionaire bikers
had become his family, and without them, his main focus would be on his
business. 
Richard loved the club, and he also loved helping
others.
The women they had saved, that was what the meaning of
the club stood for him. The BBMC, protected the vulnerable, and saved those in
need on a personal level. It wasn’t just about signing a check, which he could
easily do. Anyone could sign a check, but only a few could get their hands
dirty. 
Driving toward the club, it gave him time to think
about his little PA. Temperance was proving to be different from how he
imagined her. He truly believed she was a prim and proper woman, who believed
promiscuity was what was wrong with the world. Of course, he’d gotten it wrong
on every single count. 
Jay opened up something that Richard had tried to
ignore. He loved sharing a woman, and with Jay, it would be the perfect way to
start a relationship that excited him. Every other time, sharing a woman, the
sex had been amazing, but something had always been missing. He and Tempe had a
connection, Tempe had a connection with Jay, it could work. 
Parking at the underground parking facility, he saw
there were several of the club members already there. 
Making his way toward the main bar, he found Lewis,
John, Blake, and Jackson at the bar drinking. Russ and Anna were also present. 
“Hey, Richard,” Russ said. 
He gave the men a nod, and made his way up to the bar,
taking a seat. There was no sign of the women, and he glanced around the main
room, seeing it empty besides the men sitting there. 
Anna rounded the bar, and gave him a smile, her rounded
stomach showing signs of her late pregnancy. “What can I get you?”
“You’re a barmaid now as well?” Richard asked. 
“Just for tonight. Sean, Jamie, and Malcolm are
keeping the rest of the women busy.”
“Russ is not keeping you busy?”
She laughed. “Not this week, no.”
“How come?” Richard’s curiosity got the better of him.
“Enough, Richard,” Russ said. 
“What? It’s a perfect reasonable question. Why do you
have to bite my head off?”
“It’s personal. Leave it alone.”
“What can I get you?” Anna asked. 
“An explanation would be good.” Richard folded his
arms. 
“Why are you being a dick?” Russ stood up, and turned
to face him. 
“I thought we shared this kind of information.”
“Ignore Richard. He’s got his own issues. He fucked
his PA this evening,” Lewis said. 
Turning to the other brother, Richard glared. The
drama tonight was starting to piss him off. “Does Mandy know who you are yet?”
“You hit below the fucking belt,” Lewis said, getting
to his feet. The stool clattered to the floor, and Richard stood as well. “What
the fuck is your problem?”
“My problem? I ask a reasonable question, and that
fucker is going on the defense. I remember a time when we could ask this kind
of shit—”
“Stop!” Anna said, yelling to be heard. “We’ve had a
little complication, and the doctor has advised that I take it easy. I’m not to
strain myself or have sex. That’s all I’m going to tell you. Please, don’t
irritate Russ anymore. It has been … tough.”
Richard was the world’s biggest dick. No, he wasn’t a
good friend, and he was an asshole. “Shit. I’m so sorry.”
Anna’s eyes filled with tears. “I’m going to go lie
down.”
She left, and Richard wanted to beat the shit out of
himself, which was hard to do. 
“Fuck! You just couldn’t let it go, could you?”
Running fingers through his hair, he looked at his
friend. “I’m sorry, man. What is going on?”
“She’s having problems, and I brought her here to
relax, and because we had a club meeting tonight, which you missed.”
“A club meeting? I didn’t know we had a meeting.”
“I couldn’t get through to your cell, and I told Tina
to let you know.”
“Shit. I left my cell at home. Tina didn’t give me any
fucking message.” Running fingers through his hair, he looked around at the
club brothers, staring at him with disapproval. He got that, and he understood
their anger. 
“Can I go and apologize?” he asked. 
“Yeah, but don’t upset her anymore.”
Richard nodded, and before he left, he turned to
Lewis. “I’m sorry, man. I shouldn’t have said what I did. I’m an asshole.”
“That you are, and I appreciate the fact you know the
truth, and that you are an asshole.”
“How is Mandy?”
“Confused, scared, terrified, and she wakes up at
night, screaming, not knowing what the hell is going on. Whatever those fuckers
did to her, I hope she never remembers.”
“Has she seen her family yet?”
Lewis shook his head. “No. She doesn’t want to see
them. I try. At the moment I’ve been able to get her in a room with a two way
mirror, where she doesn’t see them, but they can see her. Not to talk to her,
just to know that she’s alive, and she’s doing okay. They’re trusting me to
take care of her.” Lewis snorted. “I can’t take care of her. I couldn’t even
stop her from being taken.”
“You can’t blame yourself for that shit. It was years
ago.”
“It doesn’t change the fact she was still taken.”
Lewis took a sip of his soda. 
“Where is she now?” Richard asked. 
“Therapy, just talking with someone.”
“She doesn’t remember anything,” Blake said. 
“Doesn’t matter. She still has feelings, and
nightmares. We’re not allowed to rush her to remember what happened.” Lewis
glanced down at his watch. “I better go and pick her up.”
Richard watched Lewis leave, seeing a change within
the brother.
“He’s found her, and it hasn’t done him any good,”
Jackson said. 
“No. She’s a shell of the woman he knew.” Richard
turned to Russ. “I’m going to go and see Anna.”
“Sure.”
Richard left the main clubhouse and walked toward
Russ’s room. He gave a little knock and waited for Anna to call out for him to
enter. 
Opening the door, he found Anna curled up on the bed,
crying. 
“I’m so sorry,” he said. 
He couldn’t do tears. It was his one weakness with
women, tears. They scared him. 
“You don’t need to say sorry. You’re always glib like
that.” She wiped underneath her eyes, sniffling some more. “I’m being stupid.”
“You’re not stupid at all.” He moved, taking a seat on
the bed. “I was being insensitive.”
“Lewis said you were being a pussy tonight. What did
he mean by that?” 
“Fucker shouldn’t have said anything.”
Anna laughed. “It’s not very nice, is it, when people
start to invade your privacy?”
“Is this payback?” Richard asked. 
“No. I was just wondering what made you say the stuff
that you’ve actually said. You’re glib, but you’re not cruel.”
Richard sighed. “I had sex with my PA.”
“Temperance?”
“Yeah, how do you know her name?”
“I called a few times to leave messages for you. Russ
asked me to.”
“I had no idea.” He’d always assumed that Russ had
called directly. 
“I’m always helping out where I can. I don’t like to
feel like a waste of space. I have to do something.”
“You’ve got to rest now.”
“Yeah, Russ, he’s been freaking out a little. I had a
little bleeding, and the doctor recommended that I rest and abstain from having
sex. Russ hasn’t touched me since.”
“Everything is okay though, right?”
“Yeah, everything is okay. How are you dealing with
crossing that line with your PA?”
“I’m handling it okay. I’m more worried about her.”
“I don’t understand.”
Richard told her what had happened, including the
incident with her friend. 
“You’re not jealous though?”
“No. I’m not jealous. I’m intrigued.”
“Intrigued how?”
“Let’s just say there is something I’ve wanted, and
with Temperance and Jay, there’s a possibility I could have it.” 
“And Temperance just walked away?”
“Pretty much. She doesn’t know how I’m feeling about
this though. Jay can help me to have what I want.”
“She may not have feelings for him.”
Richard snorted. “They’re best friends.”
“So?”
“He was her first.”
“So?”
“You’re not helping me, Anna.”
She chuckled. “What I’m trying to say is besides the
obvious, that women are complicated, and not all of us stay hung up on those
facts. We can have friends that are men without having any sexual desire for
them. I consider you a friend, and I don’t want to sleep with you.”
“Charming.”
“Come on, you don’t want to sleep with me.”
“Very true. You’re tainted by your love of Russ.” He
was doing everything he could to make her smile. Richard had seen the pain in
her eyes, and the fear of what was happening to her. He liked Anna. She was
strong. The BBMC had been there when she needed them most. Anna’s friend had
been taken, and trying to save her, she’d gotten taken as well. During her time
being captured, Anna was beaten, starved, locked in an animal cage, and
witnessed her best friend dying. 
He had a lot of respect for her, and for how she had
handled what she’d gone through. Not many would have been able to bounce back
from that. 
“You could share her, you know?”
“What?” he asked. He was a little taken back seeing as
that was what he wanted to do. Richard had no intention of Anna knowing that,
though.
“Share her. Share Temperance.”
Richard laughed. “You’re really going to offer me
advice on sharing. I bet you couldn’t share Russ.”
“First, I’m not an idiot. I know you like to share your
women, Richard. Secondly, this is not about me and Russ. We’re not into that. You are. Thirdly, you weren’t jealous of
Tempe’s friend, and we both know what you meant about there being a new
possibility with him.”
“Everything is fucked up right now.” He didn’t like
how easy he was to read.
“I always love it when a businessman talks dirty.”
“Hey, that’s me you like talking dirty,” Russ said. 
“I’ll leave you two alone.” Richard got up and made
his way toward the door. 
“Talk to her,” Anna said. “Talk to Temperance before
you start assuming what she wants, and try to make sure she’s part of the
decision. You billionaires are a little self-centered at times.”
Richard nodded. “Take care of yourself.”
“I will.”
****
“Tempe, can I come in?”
Curled up in bed, Temperance stared at the door that
concealed her best friend from her. She didn’t want to deal with Jay right now.
He was a problem that she didn’t see coming. Yes, she loved him. He was her
best friend, and she couldn’t imagine life without him in it, but that kind of
love, that had disappeared long ago, or at least she thought it had. Now she
was struggling with all of her feelings. 
He took her virginity because she asked him to, and
she didn’t want anyone else for her first time.
“Come in, Jay,” she said. 
Seconds later he was lying beside her on the bed.
“Hey, bumpkins.”
“Don’t. Don’t use childhood sweet names right now. I’m
not in the mood.”
He sighed. “I’d have told you sooner.”
“How long, Jay?”
“Forever.” He didn’t even try to pretend that he
didn’t know what she was talking about. 
“That makes no sense. You’ve been screwing your way
through every single woman that comes your way. You’re telling me that you’ve
loved me all that time?” She didn’t believe it, not for a second. 
“Yeah, I’ve loved you since the beginning. The night I
took your virginity, in my head, that was it. You finally understood what I
felt.”
Temperance remembered the day, and she felt her cheeks
heat. She’d woken the next morning and asked that they never talk about it
again. 
“You could have said something.”
“How? You couldn’t even look into my eyes as you
spoke. I didn’t want to lose my friend, and you’ll always be my friend.”
“This is going to be hard.”
“Give me a chance, Tempe.”
“Don’t.” 
“I’m not going to go anywhere,” Jay said. “Richard, do
you really think he’s the sticking around kind of guy?”
“I don’t know what kind of guy he is. I know bits
about him, but, don’t do anything stupid.”
“Tell me something,” he said. 
“What?”
“Do you like him?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Do you think you could love him?” Jay asked. 
“I don’t know.”
“Do you think you could love me?”
“I do love you, Jay.”
“Not as a friend, as a lover?”
Temperance closed her eyes. “I can’t answer that right
now.”
“Okay, we’ll just go to sleep.” 
****
Richard was everything Jay hadn’t imagined. How could
his luck be that bad? Temperance had always wanted a man like Richard, and it
didn’t have anything to do with the money either. She liked them muscular,
strong, and with a sense of humor. When he’d been in high school, and she’d admitted
her fantasy to him, Jay had signed up to the gym and begun tryouts with the
weight lifting team. 
Damn, one of the reasons he’d held off pursuing
Temperance was his own desires. He loved threesomes, and over the years had
come to see how erotic it was to watch his woman let go in the arms of another
man. There were moments where he’d imagine Temperance as that woman. Together
they could find another man who they could trust to give them both what they
needed. 
All this time he’d truly believed Temperance wasn’t
the threesome kind. There was no way he could share her with Richard, was
there? His cock thickened at the thought. Temperance was clearly attracted to
Richard, there was no doubt. Could this be what he’d been hoping for?
It had been some time since he’d allowed himself to
dream of a future with her.
When he actually thought about what he’d done to gain
her attention, Jay wanted to kick himself. He’d done everything—apart from
actually tell her he wanted her. On the night he took her virginity, he truly
believed their relationship was going to start over, and he would finally have
her. 
She had woken up, and looked like she was going to
vomit. 
Jay would have her as a friend rather than not have
her in his life. 
“I love you, Temperance.”
She turned to face him, and stared back. “I love you,
too, Jay.”







Chapter Five
 
Saturday morning, Richard was going through his
morning emails, making sure he had everything ready for the O’Brian account.
His lawyer was coming by that morning to take care of the finer details of the
contract. Every now and then he glanced over toward Temperance’s desk wondering
when she would finally arrive. 
He had arrived at work early to be ready for
Temperance’s arrival. It was only eight, so she had another hour to arrive to
work. 
Only select parts of his company worked on a Saturday
as he believed a good work force meant you treated them well, and most
appreciated the weekend off.
The sound of the elevator door opening filled him with
anticipation. He’d thought long and hard about what Anna had said last night. 
Sharing a woman was one of the few pleasures he
enjoyed. There was even times he’d hoped to enter  into a ménage relationship. Most women hadn’t
wanted that kind of commitment, to be shared between two men. It was always fun
for some spice, but never something they wanted long term. With Jay, the
concept of sharing Temperance actually made him anticipate the next meeting
with both of them. He was good at getting what he wanted, and he was sure he’d
find a way of getting them both to agree that they didn’t find the arrangement
repugnant. Richard wasn’t gay, nor did he have any fantasies about being with a
man. He wasn’t attracted to Jay. He loved his women, and Temperance was filling
every single fantasy right now. Just the thought of seeing Temperance come
apart in Jay’s arms had him hard.
When Jay’s figure appeared in his doorway,
disappointment filled him but also intrigue. It would have been much better if
Temperance was here. He doubted Jay would turn down an opportunity to be with
her.
“Well, I have to say, I’m shocked to see you there.”
“Yeah, I get it, you didn’t want to see me.”
“I’d rather see Temperance. I take it she is coming in
to work.” Richard didn’t like the sudden thought that she would try to resign
from her position. He wouldn’t allow that. Richard wasn’t going to allow his
one chance of living out his desires to be taken from him. 
“She is. I left early. She doesn’t know that I’m
here.”
Richard put his pen on the desk and sat back. “Why are
you here?”
“I’m in love with her, Richard. She’s my entire life.”
“You’ve done nothing about these feelings.”
“She’s never showed an interest in anyone else, and I
figured in time she’d come to see that we were good together.”
“Yet you continued to screw other women.” 
“Fuck! Look, I did what I thought was right. Tempe,
she’s not like other women. She doesn’t complicate shit, and she’s fun. Other
women, they’re just, they’re not her. She didn’t want me, and she made it clear
that she was seeing other guys. I tried to move on. I can’t do it.”
Richard frowned, recalling last night’s conversation. “You’ve
been breaking it off with these other women?”
Jay nodded. “I want her.”
“Why are you coming to me?”
Jay finally took a seat opposite him. “You’re
different from the other men she’s been with. Tempe … you have to know her to
see something that sparks inside her. Ever since she has been working for you,
you’ve struck this kind of chord inside her, and she hasn’t been able to switch
it off. It’s been about you, Richard, Mr. Bruce, the beast, that’s what they
call you.”
“It’s a nickname.”
“And now you’re part of a biker club, and that’s her
ultimate fantasy.”
“Is it?” Richard asked, happy that he had a hold on
her that Jay couldn’t take away. 
“Obviously not billionaire bikers, but the rough,
rugged type.”
“The ones that break the law. Don’t fucking stereotype
that shit,” Richard said. 
Jay laughed. “Do you get off on confusing people?”
“Pretty much. Why are you here?” He was bored, and Jay
was now ruining his day, and his plans. There was always an ideal way to set a
plan in motion, and right now, this wasn’t it. The last thing he needed was for
Jay to be here when Temperance entered his office. Not many people were on his
floor, and he intended to convince her exactly why she should belong to him and
then later, why it would be good for her to be shared by him and Jay. 
“I want you to back off from her.”
Richard laughed. “You’ve got no chance. You’ve got
more chance of me sharing her with you than you actually have of me leaving her
alone.” He’d experienced a taste, and now he wanted more. There was not a
chance in hell of him giving her up, not even to her best friend, but sharing
he’d do. He watched Jay’s reaction. Sitting back in his chair, Richard
contained his smile. Jay wasn’t averse to the idea of sharing. There was a way
this could work, and now Jay’s arrival held a lot more appeal to him. Jay was
not someone he could control, but seeing as they were alone, Richard was going
to use this opportunity that had been opened up to him. 
“You’d consider sharing her?”
“I’m a greedy man, but I’m not going to fight her best
friend. You’re already ahead of me. Is it something you’d consider?” he asked, already
knowing the answer. He was an expert businessman, and he knew how to work any man,
including this one. Richard had already used his connections to get all the
information he needed on Jay. He now knew that deep down, Jay was a good guy. 
“I’d share her. I won’t fuck you or anything, but I
want her.”
“I want Thursday to Sunday,” Richard said. “You cannot
call, or try to interrupt my time with her.” He decided to set down some ground
rules.
“Man, I may be an accountant but I’m not a fucking
pushover. No, you’re not having four days with her while I get three, and I bet
you drop her off on Monday, at your own convenience.”
Richard was impressed. He expected the man to fold
quite easily, yet he hadn’t. He had to respect that.
“I have her Monday and Tuesday. Wednesday we both have
her, then you have her Thursday and Friday. The weekend we both share her
again. She’s also working for you, so keep your hands to yourself.”
Sitting back in his chair, Richard thought about it.
It was the most logical way of dealing with the week. The break on Wednesday
where they both had her meant neither of them actually got too close at risk of
losing the other. Also, it was the start of getting him what he really wanted,
the chance of seeing Temperance lost in pleasure while he got to watch. He
liked it, and what pissed him off was the fact he was starting to like Jay.
This man wasn’t a fool, and Richard didn’t like fools.
“Today is Saturday.”
“Yes. She works until two, and I expect to meet you
for lunch, and to also join you at the end of your work to be together.”
Richard sighed. “You won’t back down.”
“No.”
“Is there anything I can give you to make you back
down?”
“Like money?”
“Yeah, what do you want, consider it yours,” Richard
said, testing the man’s morals. If he was going to be sharing with another man,
then it was going to be someone with values. 
“I want Tempe.”
“I’m not going to give her up.” One taste was all it
took to get addicted. “You’ve already had your shot with her, why don’t you back off?”
“Because I’ve got another chance with her,” Jay said. 
“Fine, I’ll agree to your deal. What are your terms?”
“Don’t go splashing your money around on expensive
gifts. If we do this, then you’ve got to keep the luxury down.”
“I’ll buy her whatever the fuck I want. I’ve worked
damned hard to be where I am right now.”
“Yeah, right, I bet you were born with a silver spoon
in your mouth, and you didn’t have to work your way to being leader of the
company.”
“You couldn’t be more wrong. I was in foster care. I
didn’t have the luxury of having a family. This is what I earned with my bare
two hands, and I can tell you, I love every fucking second of it. Don’t even
think to insult me.”
“And yet you both can insult me,” Temperance said,
speaking up, and drawing their attention to her. 
Her arms were folded, and she looked totally pissed. 
“Tempe,” Jay said. 
“So that’s why you were gone when I woke up. You
didn’t even wake me.”
“Did you spend the night in her bed? That shit will
stop as well.”
“Not on my day.”
“Are you two even listening to yourselves?” Temperance
walked in and closed the door. He’d already drawn all the blinds around the
room accept on the door. 
“We’re coming to an agreement,” Jay said. 
“Without me? Have you ever thought that I don’t want
to share either of you?” She turned to him. “Last night was a mistake. We
shouldn’t have slept together.”
“There wasn’t a lot of sleeping involved. We had sex.”
As Richard spoke, he got to his feet and rounded the desk. Jay had also taken
the time to stand. 
“I don’t care. We had sex, and that crossed a line.”
She unfolded her arms, and he noticed the white envelope. “Please consider this
my resignation.”
Richard took the envelope and tore it up. He wasn’t
interested in losing the only woman he happened to like. His feelings for her
weren’t clear yet, but he couldn’t stand the thought of losing her. 
“What the hell?” she asked. 
“I have the right to accept or decline. I decline.”
“You can’t do that.”
“I believe I can, and I just did.” Richard stared down
at the bits of white paper on the floor. His cleaner could deal with the mess. 
“Ugh, why are you doing this? We messed up.”
“We’re willing to share you,” Richard said. 
“That is messed up, and no.”
Her lips said no, and yet her pointed nipples told
another story. 
Stepping away from his desk, he moved toward her. She
didn’t back away, nor did she put her hands up to stop him.
“You don’t want it? Two men, totally devoted to you.”
She snorted, and it was the first unladylike sound
he’d ever heard out of her mouth. He wanted to hear her scream, and beg for his
cock. Richard craved the woman that was beneath him last night. “Please, this
is a competition between the two of you, and has nothing to do with me.”
“I beg to differ,” Jay said. “I think we’ve come to a
pretty good understanding. It’s something you might want to consider.”
They both moved toward her. Jay touched her first,
gripping her hip, and Richard grabbed her ass. He grabbed the cord, drawing
down the blind to keep them in privacy. Gripping her ass, he cupped her cheek,
tilting her head to look at him. 
“Tell me your pussy isn’t wet right now at the thought of being between
us.”
“This is wrong.”
“Says who?” Jay asked.
Richard nibbled on her neck, sliding his tongue over her pulse. His cock
thickened in his pants, and he wanted her naked. Seeing the pleasure on her
face, Richard wanted Jay to be fucking her just so he could watch and enjoy the
show. He loved watching the club women come apart, and knowing he was the
reason for it, or at least one of his brothers. There wasn’t much about Jay
that he didn’t know, but Jay clearly cared about Temperance, which was all that
mattered to him. 
“No, we shouldn’t be doing this,” she said. 
Richard stroked her pussy, pressing the skirt deep between her thighs.
The skirt she wore was slightly loose allowing him to touch her. 
“You’re so beautiful, Tempe,” he said, kissing her neck. 
“This is completely crazy.” She let out a moan, and this time, Jay took
possession of her lips. Richard gazed down at her shirt, seeing her tight
nipples peeking out.  Leaning down, he
took one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking on her hard. 
“Oh, God,” she said, moaning. 
He used his teeth to bite down on her nipple. 
“Don’t make a sound,” Jay said. “We don’t know how soundproof this room
is.”
Temperance tensed up and pulled away, jerking out of their hold to the
point that she fell down on the floor. 
“Shit, Tempe, are you okay?” Jay asked. 
“This is not happening. I can’t do this.” She suddenly rushed out of the
room before either of them could stop her. 
“Fuck!” Richard didn’t wait around. He followed her out, aware of the
strange stares. When he got to the elevator, she was pressing the button with
force. Before she could stop him, Richard got onto the elevator. Jay didn’t
make it in time, but that was fine with him.
****
Son of a bitch! 
What was it about the bastard that meant he always got there first? Jay
rushed toward the stairwell, refusing to back down. Temperance was his, and he
had seen the interest in her eyes. 
Damn! 
Fuck! 
Shit! 
He hadn’t read the signs in her, and now he could lose her to a fucking
billionaire. It wasn’t going to happen, even if he was a biker. Even as he
thought about it, he couldn’t deny how turned on he was at the thought of
sharing her. That brief passionate exchange had only served to heighten a need
within him once again.
Jay hadn’t tempted her for fear she’d try to cut him out of her life if
he made her uncomfortable. 
I’m not going to miss my shot.
He wouldn’t let Richard win, and if he got the chance to share her, then
he’d take it. Jay would do anything for Temperance, and as he thought about it,
sharing her would be really fucking hot.
Even as he started to run out of breath, running downstairs, Jay didn’t
give up. He only hoped the elevators weren’t fast. 
“I’ve got to catch a break sometime.”
His future was riding down that elevator, and he intended to be part of
it. 
****
 Temperance was
so embarrassed, and angry with herself. She couldn’t believe she allowed it to
go on. When she saw Richard rushing toward her, she clicked the button
repeatedly in the hope of not having this confrontation with him. 
It didn’t work. The elevator doors closed just as she
saw Jay rushing toward them. Tears filled her eyes, and she felt disgusted with
herself. She’d almost caved even though she had heard them planning her own
life. 
“Baby, what’s the problem?” Richard asked. 
He made to touch her. She flinched away from him, not
wanting his hands on her. 
“Shit, you don’t have to be afraid of me.”
“I’m not afraid of you.” She wiped the tears away, not
wanting the memory of their touch. 
The bad thing was she wanted it so bad, but she
refused. She wasn’t going to allow herself to cave to two men. 
“Which one of you came up with the idea?” she asked. 
“Tempe?”
“No. I wanted to be alone, and you’ve forced your way
into this elevator.” She looked at him. “Well, tell me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want your apologies. I want to know what the
hell you were both doing?” She kept her arms folded. “I heard everything. You
were arranging my time. What I was going to being doing, and neither of you
even gave a thought to ask me.”
“Do you want Jay?”
“No,” she said. 
“Are you sure?”
She went to say yes, and stopped. Jay was her best
friend.
He took a step toward her, and she backed away. The
wall of the elevator stopped her from going anywhere else. “What are you
doing?” she asked. 
“I want you, Temperance. This thing between us, it has
been building for some time. I also believe that you’ve got feelings for your
best friend.”
“What does this have to do with anything?” She had put
Jay in the best friend department. She didn’t want him that way, did she? No,
it couldn’t be. He was a horn dog who treated women appallingly, yet she
couldn’t deny the spark of arousal. Was that because of Richard though? “I care
about Jay. I always have.”
“Are you in love with him?”
She paused, thinking about her feelings. “I don’t
know.”
He captured her face. “You’ve been in my life for a
long time, Tempe.”
“You’re my boss.” She couldn’t help but touch him,
holding onto his sides. 
“I want to be more.”
“You’re breaking your rules.”
“That I am. What I don’t want is for you to doubt what
you want.”
Temperance stared at his chest, wondering what the
hell he wanted from her. 
The elevator door pinged open, and she turned to see
Jay standing there, panting for breath. “Fuck me, I’m an accountant, I sit on
my ass all day. I shouldn’t be forced to do this.”
She walked out of the elevator, already prepared to
leave, but Richard caught her arm, stopping her. 
“How about we go to breakfast and talk about this?”
“We could go back to our place,” Jay said. 
“No,” she said. The last thing she wanted was to go
back to her place as she would cave between the two of them. They would be
naked in no time, and she wasn’t interested in getting naked just yet. “I’ll
take breakfast. I’ve not eaten this morning.” She’d had every intention of no
longer having a job at the end of the day. Richard had torn up her resignation.

“I want where we go to be safe where no one will be
watching.” He pulled his cell phone out. “I’ve got the place, but I’m making
sure I can take you two.”
Temperance frowned. 
“Hey, Russ, how is Anna? Good, good. I’ve got to
conduct a personal meeting in private, and I don’t want to risk the press
catching sight of us. I wanted to make sure we didn’t have any security issues,
or threats.” 
She watched as he started to nod. Seconds later he
hung up.
“We’re going to the club house. We can talk without
the risk of being interrupted, and it offers us privacy.”
“A diner can do that.”
“Tempe, I’m a billionaire businessman surrounded by a
lot of rumors. I’m not left alone.”
She’d never been to his clubhouse, and until recently
she had kept her knowledge of his biking life a secret.
Richard grabbed her hand, and before she knew what was
happening, she was in the passenger seat of his luxury car with Jay behind
them. Richard was driving. 
“Are you okay, Tempe?” Jay asked. 
“Am I okay? Tell me, Jay, what do I have to be okay
about?” She turned toward her best friend. “I heard you negotiated your terms
of fucking use of me. How do you think I’m feeling? I’ll give you a clue. It’s
far from okay.”
“I’m sorry,” Jay said. 
“You’re feisty today,” Richard said. 
“Don’t even start. I don’t want to talk to you.”
She never should have fucked her boss. That was the
problem. 
“You know most women are really happy to have two men
chasing after them?”
Temperance laughed. “You’re not chasing after me
though. You’re organizing when I’m allowed to spend time with you. You’re
talking about sharing me, and even sharing me with both of you in the room. Do
you know how absurd it sounds?”
“It doesn’t sound it to me, to be honest,” Richard
said. “It’s quite common for two men to share a woman.”
“Maybe in porn—”
Richard shook his head. “It’s not just in porn. Jay
wants you. I want you, and we both came up with an agreement to suit us.”
“So romantic. Get the girl by pushing her into a tight
little schedule.” She was going to fall apart if she wasn’t careful. 
“It’s not like that.”
“I’m sorry, but I just don’t see the romance of two
guys setting out their week to have a woman in their life.”
“In our bed. We’re going to want alone time as much as
time with you.”
Richard was like a completely different being from what
she was used to. He never shared, and he never did anything like this as far as
she knew. 
“Have you shared many women?”
“I’ve shared some, never on a permanent basis. You’re
also going to meet Anna. She told me you both spoke on the phone before.”
“Yes, we have.” She liked Anna. They had only ever
spoken, but she seemed nice. 
“You’ll like Anna. She’s a strong woman, and she’s
pregnant right now. There’s a few complications, so don’t try to upset her.”
“I wouldn’t dream of trying to upset her.” 
Temperance let out a breath, and she folded her arms,
trying to rub the wet patch on her shirt. The last thing she wanted to do was
enter a clubhouse with a clear nipple sucking mark.
You almost caved. 
You wanted it.
She looked in the mirror and saw Jay staring at her.
He gave her a reassuring smile, and she returned it with one of her own. 
Letting out a breath, she ran fingers through her
hair, which she’d left down. That morning, she’d woken up, gotten dressed, and
gone straight to work without even trying to take care of her appearance. She
figured Jay had left so they didn’t have that awkward after morning crap from
the revelation of the night before. 
He loved her, and Richard wanted her. 
She had gone from no men wanting her to suddenly two
wanting her. 
It seemed almost too surreal to her to even think
about it. 
Staring out of the window, she watched the people they
were driving by, wondering if they ever suffered, or were confused by what was
going on. 
“Tempe,” Jay said. 
She looked at him, waiting. “Do you have any feelings
for me?”
“You know I do, Jay.”
Richard cupped her knee, rubbing her flesh. 
She found comfort in that touch, and she also found it
in the way Jay squeezed her shoulder. Maybe they were right, and she needed to
give them both a chance. This a chance. 
Richard turned off on a busy road and went down a
large parking lot. She was surprised by the security, but when she saw the
other expensive cars, she knew they had come to what the rich considered a
clubhouse. 
Her boss certainly lived a strange life. 
“This is not what I imagined at all,” Jay said. 
They all got out of the car. 
Jay whistled at the cars. “Damn, are these all
classics?”
“Yep,” Richard said. “This is what we love to spend
our money on. That and other things of course.”
They made their way to the elevator, and he typed in a
code. 
“This is much better than the movies or television.”
“You can’t compare the two,” she said. “Richard is a
billionaire, so everything has to be luxury, while the ones on television break
the law. It’s small time stuff, or whatever.”
“I tell you, we can compete against some of the MCs
out there. We just do everything a bit differently.”
“Do you break the law?” Jay asked. 
“No.”
“Can I join?”
“Do you have a billion dollar company I don’t know
about?” Richard asked. 
“Nope.”
“Then no.”
“Wait, that you know about?” Jay asked. 
“You ran a check on him, didn’t you?” she asked. 
“I run checks on everyone. You know that.” 
Richard stepped off the elevator first, and he held
her hand. 
They made their way into the main clubhouse, and came
to a stop at the screaming they were greeted with. 
Temperance paused, recognizing the fear and panic
attack. She used to get them growing up, and her brother talking to her used to
pull her out of them. 
Taking in the room, she saw several large men were
surrounding a woman who was gripping her head, screaming as she stared at them.
Another man was kneeling beside her, trying to soothe her. 
It was chaos everywhere.
Without even thinking, she grabbed the men and started
tugging them away. “Leave her alone, move out of the way.” 
“Temperance?” Richard said, trying to stop her. 
“No, Richard, let her do this. She knows what she is
doing.”
Grabbing the arm of the man who was kneeling, she
forced him to move, and then, rushed to grab something to use as a marker,
finding some lipstick. 
The woman had started to go quiet. 
“What is her name?” she asked. 
“Mandy.”
Making sure there was enough space, Temperance marked
the space in a semi-circle for the woman. 
The woman was still whimpering, and she had now
covered her face. 
“It’s okay, Mandy. You’re in your safe place right
now. Look, no one will cross this line right here.” She pointed at the dark red
line that separated Mandy from them. “This is your space. No one will come near
you. Mandy, it’s okay. Mandy, you’re safe now.” She kept repeating those words,
keeping her voice steady. When someone behind her went to talk, she held her
hand up, keeping up her calmness, not showing any sign of faltering. 
Time passed, Temperance didn’t know how much, but
Mandy stopped whimpering and her hands fell to her side. 
The woman looked so pale, and so thin, so frail. 
“Hello, Mandy, you’re safe here.”
“I’m safe here?”
“Yes, you’re safe here.”
“I don’t like being scared.”
“Me neither.”
“I don’t know you.”
Temperance nodded. “We don’t know each other. I’m
Temperance.” She held her hand out but also made sure that she didn’t cross
that line. 
Mandy looked at her hand, and then at the carpet. “You
made a mess of the carpet.”
“You needed your own space, and ta-da, I did it.” She
did her best to comfort her. “When you’re ready to come out, you can.”
Temperance crawled away, keeping on level with the
other woman. 
Mandy looked past Temperance’s shoulder. “I did it
again, didn’t I?”
“It’s okay.” A man who looked like he’d seen hell
knelt back down again. “You have nothing to be afraid of, Mandy. The guys here,
they all protect you.”
“I know. You helped get me out.”
Mandy got to her feet, and taking her time, Temperance
stood. 
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Temperance.” Mandy stepped
over the line and held her hand out. “I’m not usually so crazy.”
“No worries. I’m not usually so efficient with my
ideas.”
The young woman was clearly fragile, and Temperance’s
heart went out to her.  







Chapter Six
 
Once Mandy had settled down, and Lewis had taken her
to go see her therapist once again, Richard sat with Jay by his side, and
Temperance sat opposite the two. The club brothers were leaving them alone, but
Richard saw that Tina didn’t look happy. 
“Will Mandy be okay?” Temperance asked. 
“She will be.”
“What’s wrong with her?” Jay asked.
“I can’t say. It’s for security reasons, and Mandy
needs to be protected now more than ever.”
“She looks like she’s seen death.” 
He looked at Temperance. She did always seem to have a
knack for reading people. “She hasn’t had it easy.”
“No shit,” Temperance said. 
“How did you know to do that circle?”
She finished taking a sip of her water, and he saw her
look over at the lipstick mark she’d made on the carpet. 
Russ wasn’t even pissed. In fact all of the men, all
of his brothers, were happy that she had done what needed to be done. 
None of them had been able to deal with Mandy’s
meltdown. 
“When I was younger, I used to suffer with severe
panic attacks. I was bullied throughout school, and my parents didn’t know how
to stop it. Nothing helped, facing the bullies, or even having my brother or
Jay fight people at school. So Bryan, my brother, he created the ring of
protection. I don’t know if it’s a medical thing or not. I just know it always
worked. Every time I was in that ring, nothing could harm me. Once I got older,
the ring was imaginary, and I’ve not had many panic attacks since.”
“I never knew that.”
“It wasn’t something you needed to know.”
“You’ve shared it with Jay.”
“He was there with me. I’ve not shared it with Jay. He
was there, so it’s different.” She tucked some of her blonde locks behind her
ear. She didn’t have a clue how beautiful she was, and he found that even more
charming. 
Luna came out, carrying a couple of stacks of
pancakes. “Please let me know if you want anything else. I can’t do much, but I
do pancakes well.”
Richard smiled at her. “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome. Enjoy.”
They were left alone in privacy, which was what he
wanted.
“This is a nice place,” Jay said. 
Richard served them out putting pancakes on each other
their plates. 
“Let’s get down to business,” Richard said. He picked
up his fork and got a bite ready. “I want you, Temperance, and the way you lit
up in my arms, you want me as well. Listen.” She went to speak, so he silenced
her with one word and a look. “I want you, and so does Jay. You’re not sure
what you want.”
“Do you want me, Tempe?” Jay asked. 
She sighed. “I don’t know. This is hard for me, okay? I’ve
never considered something like this, not at all.”
“I can appreciate that.” Jay agreed with her. 
“You’re both wanting a relationship with me?” She
looked from one to the other. 
“That is the catch, yes,” Richard said. “We want time
of our own, and also sharing time.”
“This is sharing time?”
“Saturday and Sunday, and Wednesday.” She rubbed at
her temple, and Richard reached out, taking her hand. “It doesn’t have to be
complicated.”
“This is not the norm.”
“Who gives a shit about the norm?” Jay said. “I don’t
care what others think. I’ve been using a multiple of women to try and get over
you, Tempe. It’s not working. You’re the woman I want, the woman I love. He’s
not on the same page as me yet, but he will be. You’re too good of a woman not
to love.”
“You’re going to make this harder for me, aren’t you?”
“Yep. I’m not going to make it easy. I know what I
want, and you know what you want, and we both want you. You want us,” Jay said.

Richard watched Temperance’s reaction throughout Jay’s
little outburst. She was fighting her own beliefs that a relationship was
between two people. 
She took a bite of the pancake, and he saw it was
difficult for her to eat. “I can’t deny that I do want both of you. Everything
is happening so fast. Do you think we could slow it down a little?”
“How?”
“Maybe we could date, and not expect anything. Take a
break on the sex, and just, I don’t know, see if this can work. I don’t want to
start something that is not right for us.”
“Sure,” Jay said. 
Richard sat back. “No sex?”
“I’m not comfortable having sex with either of you,
and then with both of you.” She squirmed in her chair. 
“It makes you horny though, thinking about us all
together,” Richard said. 
“What woman wouldn’t? You’re both sexy men. I just, I
can’t commit to something like that. I need a little time.”
“We can give you time,” Jay said. “How about tonight?
We can all go out on a date. What about going to a couple of clubs?” 
Richard liked that idea. “Blake, one of the brothers,
he owns some nightclubs, and has a section for special VIPs. I can get us in,
and we won’t be disturbed either.”
Temperance bit her lip. 
“Think about it, Tempe, we can have some fun. We’re
not going to rush into anything. We can take our time getting to know each
other,” Jay said. 
He saw her thinking about it, and knew he just needed
to wait for her to make a decision. She looked so sexy and out of place in the
club. Instead of looking like his rather prim and proper PA, she looked like a
sexy librarian who had taken turns going through the shelves. 
“Okay. I’d like that.”
Richard had no doubt it wouldn’t be long before they
moved forward, and he was bedding her. He even believed he’d get along with
Jay. 
****
Sharing Temperance. 
Taking their time to love her, together. 
Getting the chance to be with her, Jay could handle
that. He may even like Richard. The man was rich, but he seemed somewhat down
to earth, and he liked the club, the billionaire bikers club. It was a lame ass
name, and he’d advise them to get it changed quickly. 
“If you touch her while I’m not there, I will kill
you.”
“I thought you were a legal biker?” Jay asked. Temperance had disappeared to the toilet
leaving them both alone. 
“I am. I wouldn’t be killing you for the club. I’d be
killing you for my own pleasure, and I do know how to dispose of a body. It
would be so easy today.”
Jay turned to stare at the man that he’d be sharing
his own life with. “I don’t do men.”
“Me neither. Don’t flatter yourself, Jay. I have no
interest in getting acquainted with you. My interest is in Temperance. I’m not
going to lie. I like the thought of watching her come apart in another man’s
arms.”
He couldn’t deny it either. Jay had shared a couple of
women, and the experience had been great, just not entirely pleasurable. He’d
not liked the man he had shared a woman with. There had to be some kind of
chemistry, a bond between the men, or at the very least, neither person really
gave a fuck, for there to be any real enjoyment. 
Richard seemed like the right kind of guy. Sure, he
was a rich man, but there was something about him that meant the money didn’t
define him. Temperance had told him a great deal over the years about Richard,
even saying she believed both of them would get along great. They would have to
see how that worked out.
****
Turning to assess the dress, Temperance wrinkled her
nose. The olive green made her ass look too big. It had been a long time since
she actually went out dancing in a nightclub. The last time was just after
college. She and Jay had been celebrating getting jobs, and he ended up taking
some girl home, and she’d been left alone. 
There was no way this idea of theirs was ever going to
work. Richard wasn’t the sharing kind, and Jay, he’d grow bored. She was
playing along, going on some dates, and waiting for both men coming to their
senses. 
Removing the dress, she stared at her body, turning
left and right. The black lace underwear was one of the most expensive sets she
owned. She did love having sexy underwear on underneath. 
She looked at her thighs, with the few hints of
cellulite that made her cringe. Her stomach, it was rounded, and she hated
exercise. She was a healthy woman, and she rather liked her body. 
She grabbed the black cocktail dress that ended at the
knee, with enough cleavage on display to make it tasteful and yet teasing. 
Once she was happy with the dress, she did her hair
next. She’d never spend that much time, and so she twirled several strands, and
left the rest to do its thing. 
Her makeup was minimal. She didn’t like wearing it,
and within the hour she was finished. She had shaved, waxed, and buffed to the
point of boredom on her part. Staring at her reflection in the mirror she let
out a sigh. “This is the best it’s going to get.”
“Tempe, Richard’s here. Are you ready?” Jay asked,
knocking on the door. 
“I’ll be right out.”
Clasping her hands together in front of her, she
counted to ten, and even as she was shaking with nerves, she made herself open
the door, and walk out to the two waiting men. They both turned to greet her,
and she offered them both a smile. 
Richard moved toward her, and her heart started to
pound at the intense look he was giving her. She’d never seen him react like
that. 
“You’re fucking beautiful.” He wrapped a hand around
her waist, gripping the flesh of her ass, and tugging her close. 
She gasped at the press of his dick, and then his lips
as he claimed her mouth. With the possession of his kiss, she was pleased she
hadn’t put any lipstick on. It would have been a waste of time, anyway. 
He’d have wiped it off the first chance he got. 
Arousal flooded her pussy, and she gasped as Jay moved
up behind her. His cock ground against her ass as he caught her waist. He
sucked on her neck. 
Both men surrounded her, and she loved it. 
Closing her eyes, she tilted her head, still kissing
Richard even as she gave Jay easy access to her neck. 
Richard let go, stroking her cheek. “I love the
dress.”
“Thank you.”
“I want to stay in, and remove it from your body.” Jay
laid his hand flat on her stomach, moving down. 
Sneaking out from between them, she shook her head.
“Not going to happen. We’re supposed to be going dancing.”
“Tonight is going to be torture, and you’re doing it
on purpose.” Jay groaned, reaching toward her, and she dodged his touch. 
“Everything is staying in our pants tonight.” She made
her way toward the door. “Who is driving?” she asked. 
“I am,” Richard said. “I may as well. I know where
we’re going.” He held up a set of keys, and she couldn’t help but shiver,
recalling how good his hands were caressing over her body. “Your eyes give away
your thoughts, baby.”
They didn’t linger in her apartment for long. She sat
in the passenger seat, much to Jay’s obvious disappointment. 
Richard drove them toward the club, and she listened
as both men talked. They actually got along really well, and she found it
funny, watching them. Both men couldn’t be more different, and yet they were
talking as if they had been friends a long time ago. 
“How’s Mandy?” she asked, when conversation took a
silent turn. 
“She’s in therapy. She needs to be in a white room.”
“You can’t tell us what happened to her?”
“No. I really can’t. It was fucked up.”
“Is this about that your club does, the BBMC?” she
asked. She had done a great deal of research, and even though a lot of it was
speculation, she read between the lines. Mandy was clearly one of the many
victims they had saved over the years. 
“BBMC? What does that stand for?” Jay asked. 
“Billionaire Bikers motorcycle club, right?” 
“Correct,” Richard said. “You did your research.” He
glanced over at her, and she smiled. 
“You left your jacket, and I was curious. I’ve got a
curious mind. It’s a flaw.”
“We help people, women that have been taken against
their will,” Richard said. “That is all I’m going to tell you, and if you
repeat a word, your lives will be turned into living hell.”
“Fuck, a bit overkill,” Jay said. 
“I wouldn’t say anything.”
“I know you wouldn’t,” Richard said. “I can’t
guarantee him in the back.”
“Hey, I won’t say anything either. If we’re going to
do this together, you need to learn to have a little faith.”
“Fine, then it’s something that can be earned along
with everything else that we’re doing.” 
Licking her lips, Temperance glanced out of the
window. “Did you take the contracts for the O’Brian account?”
“Yep.”
She nodded. “I just wanted to make sure.”
“I’ve already handled business. We’ve got a long day
on Monday.”
“That’s my day,” Jay said. 
Richard laughed. “We’re talking work.”
“We’re on a date, and you’re talking work?” he asked. 
She stared at her best friend, and his brow rose,
letting her know that he knew what she was doing. Talking work kept it away
from a personal level. 
“Don’t let her fool you, Richard.”
“I’m not. I’m just letting her play all of her cards.
I may not have known her since preschool, but I know her.”
Temperance couldn’t help but smile. Richard did know her. They had fun with each
other, without it leading to sex. 
Richard pulled up outside of a large night club, with
a line of people waiting to get inside. Temperance groaned, but neither man
would listen. Richard got out, handing the keys to some valet. Nightclubs had
valets? He took her hand, and Jay followed in behind her. 
He greeted the doorman, who didn’t have a problem with
them going straight inside even as people were standing there complaining.
“Now, this is the life,” Jay said. 
It was time to have some fun. 
They were taken to the VIP section. She’d never been
there before, so seeing several celebrities surprised her. Temperance was used
to seeing familiar faces as she worked with Richard, and he was expanding
within that business. 
“Blake likes to give his clients whatever they want.
The VIP section allows celebrities the privacy to party, but to also get their
faces recognized. They can party without being bombarded. People can come,
party, and see celebrities if they want. It’s a win-win.”
“Sounds good,” Jay said. 
“I want to go and dance,” Temperance said. She was one
of the people who were meant to be down there, not in the VIP spot. “Jay, dance
with me.” She held her hand out, and he went with her. They left Richard, and
the song was an upbeat one, allowing them to join the throng of people, and get
into the dancing. Jay stood behind her, gripping her hips as they danced along
to the music. 
****
Richard watched the couple on the dance-floor. They
were natural together, showing they knew each other. He wasn’t jealous.
Temperance was nervous, and for now, he’d let her create her little circle
around herself. He wasn’t going to let her get away, nor was he going to let
Jay leave either. 
The more he thought about them being together, the
more he liked the idea. He loved to see a woman come apart in another man’s
arms, and with Jay, he’d be able to trust him. Temperance was not going to be a
woman he’d just share with any man, so her being best friends with Jay, helped him
solve that problem. 
His cell phone started to ring, and without taking his
gaze away from Temperance, he answered it. She was staring right back at him. 
“Bruce,” he said. 
“I’ve just got a call from our informant within the
police service. More women have gone missing, and are turning up dead,” Russ
said. 
“Shit, Lewis missed this?”
“Lewis hasn’t been keeping an eye on shit since he
found Mandy. Tonight, I’m declaring a church meeting, only we’re all going to
his house. You’ll be there?” Russ asked. 
Glancing at the time, Richard cursed. “Give me a
couple of hours, and I’ll be there.”
“We need to keep our eye on the ball.”
“Agreed.” He hung up the phone, and didn’t bother
drinking the scotch that had been given to him. Leaving the VIP section, he
made his way onto the dance-floor, and found his woman. 
Gripping her hip, he tugged her close, slamming his
lips down on hers. 
“Important call?”
“I can deal with it soon. Now, I want to dance.”







Chapter Seven
 
After two hours, the heels that Temperance was wearing
meant he had no choice but to take them back home. Jay asked if he was coming
up, and Richard declined, letting him know he had some business to take care
of. He kissed Temperance good night, with the promise that Jay would be
sleeping in his own bed. 
Leaving his woman, and in a way, his man, he rode over
to Lewis’s place, not surprised to see the various cars and bikes of the club
already parked. He’d already sent a text to let his brothers know he was on the
way over there. 
He knocked on the door, and Lewis was the one to
answer the door. 
“What the fuck is this? All of you turn up at my
house, uninvited?” Lewis asked. 
“Uninvited? What’s going on, Lewis?”
He found the rest of his club brothers waiting in the living
room. Some were standing, and others were sitting. None of them actually looked
happy about the situation.
“Nothing is going on. You’re the one that is in my
place, and after Mandy’s attack, I don’t think you should be coming around.”
Russ threw a large file down on the table. “So, you
got what you wanted, and that’s it? The club ceases to exist?”
Pictures of women, dead, beaten, and drowned spilled
out of the file. Richard had a strong stomach, but the sight of them made even his
gut turn. 
“What the fuck?”
“We created this club for a place for us as
businessmen, but we found a cause. We were helping people, Lewis. You were the
one that took us down that path.”
“I’ve been distracted of late,” Lewis said. 
Richard stared at his club brother, and saw the truth.
“This hasn’t been about the women all along, has it?”
“What? Of course it has.”
“Then why the fuck weren’t you over this?” Blake
asked. “Look, I love the club, and the women, and the fun, and just being
something fucking different. But we were meant to mean something. We’ve got
money, all of us have. We’ve come from nothing, are nothing, but what set us
apart from other wealthy businessmen, is this.”
“Was it just about you getting back Mandy?” Jamie
asked. 
Richard couldn’t argue, but if Lewis only used them to
get to Mandy, then the club was about to take an ugly turn, and he didn’t like
that. Other MCs, they dealt with drugs, with money, women, whatever they
wanted. They had their own glue that bound them together as a club. 
The BBMC was bound by a cause to help women. 
It was how Richard could look in the mirror every day,
and still keep breathing as he did. He loved the club, what they did. 
Lewis bit his lip. “I’ve not used you. I’ve not turned
my back on the club.”
“Then what the fuck have you been doing?”
“He’s been trying to help me, remember?” Mandy said,
coming into the room.
They all turned to the woman who didn’t look strong
enough to be in a room full of men. All of them were dominant, demanding, and
they were scary as fuck. 
“Mandy?”
“I can’t let you tear apart your club.” Mandy’s arms
were folded. “Lewis told me what you did, and how you saved me. He’s also,
against doctors’ orders, showed me what I was doing. How I was helping these
women.”
Richard glanced at Lewis, seeing the shame in his
face. The doctor had said that if he tried to push too hard, they could lose
Mandy. She was at a frail point in her recovery. 
“These women, they need us, and Mandy, she was helping
them.”
“Lewis believes that more information is locked inside
my head. I’ve got to get it open, and little points, trigger a moment, or at
least a moment within a memory. It’s what happened earlier today, only I
couldn’t help it. My past, it’s filled with horror, and remembering that, it’s
going to hurt,” she said. “It’s one of the reasons I don’t want to see my
family. Not only do I not completely remember them, but what if by simply
looking at them, it’s a trigger?”
Richard’s throat felt thick as he watched the woman
start to cry. The tears ran down her cheeks, and she made no move to bat them
away. 
“I want to help,” Lewis said. “My mission started with finding Mandy. The deeper
down this path I went, I saw that it didn’t matter if I got her, I’d still have
to find some way of, I don’t know, saving as many as we could.”
Silence fell on the room. 
John, who was sitting by the paperwork, gathered it
up. 
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for this. I should have
been.”
“Mandy, I appreciate what you’re trying to do, we all
do, but you can’t do this,” Russ said. “You’re going to hurt yourself, and none
of us want that.”
“I was able to remember something today. The news that
was on the television on my, erm, my blackout at the clubhouse today,” Mandy
said. “They were reporting on the stockyards, like the places where fishing
boats and sea ports or whatever come in.”
“What about it?” Richard asked. 
“The men, they use those kind of ports to transport
girls. The crates are quite deep, and they can hide them behind stock. Drug
them up, and some girls are out for like forty-eight hours. It’s how they’re
doing it. It’s not a lot, but it’s something. If some of the girls cause
trouble, they’re killed, and another woman is ordered.”
Mandy left the room, each of them watching the door. 
“You’ve been trying to get her to remember?” Jackson
asked. “That’s fucking dangerous.”
“These women, they’ve been discovered where exactly?”
Lewis picked up the file and started to flick through it. 
“A couple have been found washed up on shores. Others have
been seen floating in canals, and there was even one found down by a lake by a
kid of five in a theme park,” Russ said. 
Lewis frowned. “There’s something about this that
doesn’t add up. No one kills off their stock without a reason. Even women are
considered stock.”
Richard watched as he moved toward his desk, pulling
out a large map. They all stayed out of his way as he started to put little
crosses on the map, looking over the file, and then putting the dots on the
map. 
Even as he saw what was happening, Richard started to
get chills. 
When Lewis drew a circle, all the men looked at each
other. 
“They know who we are,” Lewis said.
The circle on the map was drawn with a radius that
included all of their main company buildings. 
Could it be a coincidence? Richard doubted it. 
****
For the next couple of weeks, Temperance divided her
time between the two men. On the first Sunday after their nightclub date, they
all went out to dinner as a small group, Jay and Richard getting along as if
they’d been friends longer than a couple of days. She liked to see them
together, having fun. They were both charming. At the end of the evening, they
went to Richard’s place that had four bedrooms, one for each of them, and a
spare. She slept in a room that wasn’t her own, all the time aware of the two
men who wanted her. 
The following week, she worked closely with Richard on
several of his accounts, and Jay joined them for lunch, or they all went out.
Her nights were spent with Jay. They stayed in watching movies, neither of them
saying anything about the obvious sexual tension. Wednesday was their sharing
day, and that meant they stayed at Richard’s apartment as his place was big
enough to accommodate them all. Then she had Thursday and Friday with Richard,
and they worked ‘til late, shared dinner, and she slept once again in the spare
bedroom. She did enjoy the time, and it was nice to actually be having fun. 
With Richard, she did notice that he was a little
distant. Something was clearly bothering him. 
Late one Sunday night on the third week, she saw him standing
at the window. Jay was still in bed, and Richard was staring out over the city.

“Are you okay?” she asked, folding her arms. 
“What are you doing up?” He turned toward her. 
“You’re looking at that city as if it’s going to bite
you at any moment.”
“It’s nothing.”
She saw the ink on his back. The same symbol had been
on his leather jacket, and she imagined it was his club emblem. 
“Does this have to do with your club?”
Richard looked at her.
“We both know you’ve been distracted,” Jay said,
coming out of his bedroom, rubbing the back of his head as he did. 
“I want you both to move in here, and I want to hire
you both a bodyguard.”
Temperance gasped, staring at her boss, the man who
was becoming more than just the guy she worked for. 
“What?” she asked, not sure if she had actually heard
him correctly.
“It’s not safe out there for either of you. Please,
let me do this.”
She shook her head. 
“What the hell is going on?” Jay asked. 
“There’s a possible threat to the club. It’s not
something we know for certain, but it’s enough of a problem that I want you
both to have some form of protection. Please, for me.” He cupped her cheeks. “I
don’t want anything to happen to you, to either of you.”
She saw the fear in his eyes, and knew he wasn’t
kidding. This was real, and he believed the threat was out there. 
“You want us both to move in with you?”
“The space is big enough, and we all know this is
going to happen. You want us both, Temperance. There’s no need to deny it. Just
let it happen. All three of us want this. I’m not going to rush you, and I’m
happy to take our time, getting to know each other.” Richard pressed his head
against hers. “Please.”
She’d never heard Richard say please, so she nodded.
“Yes.”
“Yes,” Jay said, stepping up behind her. She sank
against him, finding comfort in both men. In that moment she knew they both
needed her. 
Even as her fear of being with them both was great,
her arousal was even greater. Taking both of their hands in hers, she stepped
toward the fourth bedroom. She had noticed that the fourth bedroom had the
largest bed. 
Richard gripped her hand tightly, and she looked back
at him. “This is not to rush you.”
“I’m not feeling rushed. Do you feel rushed?”
“No.”
“Then do you not want to be with me, with us?” She
released them long enough to enter the fourth bedroom. She hadn’t anticipated
this tonight, but it just felt right. No matter her main doubts, it did feel
right to her. 
Turning toward them, she removed her robe, staring
from Richard then to Jay, then back again. The robe fell at her feet, and she
kicked it aside. She wore a sheer negligee as she loved wearing sexy night
clothes. They were the most comfortable. 
Pushing the strap of her dress down her shoulder, she
stared at both men, even as the negligee fell to the floor. She walked up to
Richard first, placing her hands on his sides. He only wore a pair of pajama
bottoms, so he was naked for her to touch. 
“Baby, I want to be with you, but only if you’re
ready.”
“I’m ready.” She cupped his cheek, unable to believe
that this was going to happen. They had been together for three weeks, and
before that, she’d been part of both of their lives. Richard and Jay had found
a friendship with each other. She loved being snuggled up with both men, and
she knew they enjoyed being with her. 
Lifting up on her toes, she started to kiss him,
sliding her tongue into his mouth, and then caressing over his lips. 
He moaned, wrapping his arms around her and drawing
her closer. 
Jay moved toward them. He stood behind her, pulling
her hair off her shoulder, and kissing her neck. Tilting her head to the side,
she gave him access as Richard followed, still kissing her back. 
The feel of both men turned her on. Her doubts started
to fade as they began to touch, Jay at her back, and Richard at her front. 
Never did she imagine that this would be her life, her
best friend, and her billionaire boss, yet this was what was happening. 
“Let it happen,” Jay said. “Don’t overthink it.”
Her best friend at all times. Closing her eyes, she
continued to kiss Richard, and at the same time, slide her hand down the front
of his pajama pants. His dick was already rock hard tenting them. 
Richard broke from the kiss, moving down her chest,
and taking possession of one of her tits. 
“I love your tits,” Richard said. “They’re so fucking
big.” He cupped both of them, pressing them together, flicking his tongue over
each nipple. 
Suddenly, Jay started to move her back, and Richard
followed, neither man letting go of her. 
“Come on, it’s time to get on the bed,” Jay said. He
climbed on the bed, and she saw he was already completely naked. “I’ve got room
for you right here.” He patted the space between his thighs, making her laugh.
“This has got your name all over it.”
She chuckled and climbed onto the bed. Just as she was
about to turn, Jay caught her cheek, tugging her close. He took possession of
her mouth, sliding his tongue inside. She was bent over, kneeling on the bed.
Her legs slightly parted, and Richard moved in behind her, spreading the cheeks
of her ass. His tongue slid over her pussy, and she gasped, pulling away from
the kiss to look behind her. She only saw Richard’s body. 
“Is his face against your pussy?” Jay asked. 
“Yes.”
Temperance looked down, and there was Jay’s cock. He
was working up and down his length, the tip already glistening with pre-cum. 
Taking his cock in her hand, she held him tightly,
lowering her mouth over the head. She licked up the pre-cum and moaned as she
took him into her mouth. She was halfway down his cock when she couldn’t take
anymore. 
Richard tongued her clit, sliding back to plunder her
pussy. 
“Fuck, baby. Your mouth is fucking heaven.”
Jay gripped her hair, and he started to thrust up into
her mouth. She looked up seeing the pleasure on Jay’s face. It was so clear,
and not something he could hide. 
“Fuck, Tempe, I love you. I’ve been dreaming of this
moment for so long.”
“Now we finally have her between us,” Richard said.
His tongue played up, and she couldn’t help but tense as he started to lick her
anus, wetting it. “You know one of us is going to be here, baby,” he said,
biting her ass cheek. “Your body is just too fucking hot to deny ourselves.”
Two fingers worked into her pussy, pumping in and out.

“I want to taste her,” Jay said. 
She was moved, pulled off Jay’s cock, and put to her
back on the bed. Her thighs were pushed open, and Jay moved between her legs.
He started to lick her pussy, sucking her clit into his mouth. 
“You taste like heaven,” Richard said. He was kneeling
beside her, and his pants were now off. Both men had done it while she’d been
busy with the other. Wrapping her fingers around his length, she took him into
her mouth, giving him the same attention that she had done to Jay. “Yes, fuck,
yes. Take my cock.”
Temperance gasped as Jay fucked her with his fingers
at the same time as he teased her clit. 
The pleasure was intense, and she shook with each
press of his fingers. 
Richard pumped his cock inside her. “Have you ever
been fucked in the ass?” he asked. 
Opening her eyes, she looked up at the man who was turning
her world upside down. She shook her head. 
“Are you ready to have that ass teased open?” he
asked. 
She nodded. 
“Good, Jay, would you like to do the honors?” 
“Fuck yeah.” 
The night had only just begun, and Temperance had a
feeling by the morning, she was going to be struggling to walk. 
****
“I have some lube in the closet,” Richard said. 
Jay licked Temperance’s excess cream and moved off the
bed. He walked into the closet, seeing an array of sex toys, dildos, and nipple
clamps. He took the lube and walked back into the bedroom. 
Temperance still had Richard’s cock in her mouth, and
he was fingering her pussy. 
“You found it?”
He held up the tube. 
“Good, let’s get her nice and prepared. I think it’s
only fair we start as we mean to go on. Do you want her ass, or would you like
me to take it?”
“I’ll take her pussy. You’ve been inside her already,
and it has been too long for me. I want to feel her again.”
He handed the lube to Richard, and they switched
places. 
“Let’s get her on her knees. I want easy access to her
ass.”
Jay moved up the bed, sitting against the pillows, and
Temperance moved between his thighs, gripping his cock. Her ass was in the air,
waiting for Richard’s attention. 
He was so turned on that he had to keep counting to
calm himself down. 







Chapter Eight
 
Richard ran his fingers over her rounded ass. He
placed the lube on the bed, and gripped her ass, opening her up so that he got
a good view of her anus and her cunt. She was so wet, and he dipped his fingers
inside her, gathering her cream, and spreading it over her tight little
asshole. 
Each time he touched her, she tensed just a little,
and he couldn’t resist prolonging his teasing to see her finally relax. 
“I’m just going to grab a toy,” he said, leaving the
bed, and finding the dildo that he was looking for. 
Moving back toward his woman, he watched as she sucked
Jay’s cock. Both of them looked in bliss. 
He wasn’t about to be outdone, so he climbed back on
the bed behind her. Opening the tube of lube, he squirted some all over her
anus, and with his finger, he started to work over her ass. He pushed the lube
inside, working past those tight muscles. Once one finger was inside her, he
pumped in and out, then used a second finger to start opening her for his cock.

She was so tight, and he found it a turn-on to work
her ass. He was going to be the first guy to have her ass. 
“You’ve got such a nice ass, baby,” he said. An ass he
could certainly grow accustomed to being inside. 
When she took his fingers with ease, he gripped the toy,
and removed them. Slowly, he guided the toy and started to work it in her ass. 
She tensed up, and he paused, waiting for her to get
used to the toy. 
Richard had a great deal of patience, and he knew how
to work a woman. Reaching between her thighs, he started to tease her clit. 
“Holy fuck, man, what are you doing?” Jay asked. His
head fell to the bed, and Richard used his other hand to start rocking the
dildo into her ass. Once she had taken so many inches of the dildo, Temperance
began to thrust up to it, moaning as she did. 
He noticed she took Jay even deeper into her mouth,
almost gagging on his cock. Her body took over, and he watched her, worshiping
the way she fucked back. 
Temperance needed two men. 
She just didn’t know it. 
It was his and Jay’s time to show her how much fun
could be had between the two of them. 
“Do you like your ass being fucked?” Richard asked. 
“Um.”
That was all the answer he got. 
Sliding his fingers inside her cunt, he found her
already soaking, and when she finally took the dildo and was riding it, Richard
knew it was time for her to take his dick. 
Leaving the dildo inside her ass, he climbed off the bed, and grabbed
two condoms. “You’re going to need one of them.”
Jay tore into the condom, and Temperance pulled off his cock.
Richard rolled the latex over his dick, using some more lube to rub all
over his dick. Once he was completely slick, he climbed back on the bed. 
Temperance was kneeling, and he caught her chin, kissing her lips. “Are
you ready for this?”
“Yes.”
He slid his tongue into her mouth, deepening the kiss. “Then climb on
Jay. Let him put his cock inside you.”
She straddled Jay’s thighs, and Richard rubbed the lube over his cock,
working the length as he watched the other cock slide deep inside her pussy. He
would need a mirror across his bed. He wanted to see every single reaction on
her beautiful face, and right now, he didn’t have that. 
“How does she look?” he asked. 
“Her eyes are closed, and she’s biting her lip. Now she’s looking at
me,” Jay said. “That’s right, baby, look at me with those pretty green eyes.”
Richard moved in behind her, cupping her hip as he pressed a kiss to her
shoulder. “Does he feel good inside your pussy?”
“Yes. So good.”
“Get him inside you, and I’ll ride your ass.”
She groaned out, arching up into his touch. 
Jay gripped her hips and seated her completely on his cock. Richard
claimed her lips, devouring the squeal she gave out. 
“Hold her ass open for me,” Richard said. 
Jay took hold of each cheek of her ass, spreading her wide. The tight
little puckered hole was gaping a little from the toy he had used, and Richard
hoped she hadn’t closed up for what he was about to put his cock there. 
Wrapping his fingers around the length, he pressed the tip to her anus,
and started to push inside her. Her muscles were a little loose from the dildo
he used, so it wasn’t that hard to get into her.
She gasped. “Fuck! You’re too big.”
“Every man wants to hear that,” Richard said. “It’s okay. Getting the
tip in is always the hard part. Now we get to the fun part.”
Inch by inch, he pressed inside her ass. She was incredibly tight, and
even Jay cursed. “Fuck, man, even I can feel you. You’ve made her pussy so damn
tight.”
He pushed in the last few inches, and Temperance cried out. 
“That’s it. I’m in, baby.”
“It’s too much.”
“Just give it a second. If you don’t like it, I’ll stop.”
She was gasping, and Richard worked his hand between them, touching her
clit. He didn’t care that he was touching Jay in the process. All he wanted to
do was make Temperance feel good. 
Seconds passed, maybe even minutes, but he didn’t stop
his teasing. Her body changed. She started out quite tense, and unnerved, but then
she started to rock. Her ass squeezed his dick, and her pussy grew slick with
her cream. 
“Whatever you’re doing, don’t stop, man,” Jay said. 
“I’m going to let her come. You’re going to come all
over his cock, and then we’re going to ride you until we come, do you like
that?”
“Yes, God, yes.”
“Not God, baby. Richard.”
“And Jay. Don’t fucking forget me.”
“I won’t,” she said, gasping. 
He needed to get a lot of mirrors around the room. Richard
didn’t want to miss a moment of fucking her, and the only way to do that was
mirrors. 
Using two fingers, he worked her clit, feeling the
tremors of her impending orgasm as her ass started to pulse around his cock,
squeezing him. 
“That’s it, baby. Come for me. Let me feel how much
you want it.”
She screamed his name, and then Jay’s. Her ass going
even tighter, and from the combined pleasure and pain on Jay’s face, he imagined
her pussy was just as tight. 
Richard kissed her neck and nodded at Jay. “Fuck her.”
****
Temperance had never known pleasure like it. Jay and
Richard were both large men. Richard a little bigger than Jay, but either way,
she wasn’t complaining. She had a dick in her pussy and in her ass. The
pleasure was out of this world, and the orgasm Richard had just teased her to,
was the start of many to come. Neither man would ever let her go without
receiving at least one orgasm. 
Jay still held onto her hips, and he started to pull
out of her pussy. Richard was still teasing her clit so little aftershocks were
making her sensitive to each touch, each caress. 
She had never fantasized about having two men before.
Richard and Jay, they had teased her these past few weeks, preparing her for
what was to come. She was grateful that they had given her time as she hadn’t
been entirely sure this was what she wanted. Now, between both men, she knew it
without a doubt that this was exactly what she wanted. 
“You’ve got such a tight little pussy, Tempe,” Jay
said. 
“Your ass is telling me what it wants.” Richard kissed
the side of her neck, sucking on her pulse. When each man kissed her neck,
Temperance lost all sense as the pleasure grew within her. 
“She’s our
woman, with her nice tight pussy,” Richard said. 
“God, yes. I’m not letting you go now, Tempe. You’re
mine, and come morning, I don’t care. I’m not going to walk away again, and I’m
not going to let you go.”
Both men started to fuck her body, taking it in turns.
Jay thrust in as Richard pulled out so only the tip of his cock was inside her.
Then as Jay pulled out, Richard would thrust in. There was a point inside her
where both men crossed that took the pleasure to a whole new level. 
Both men touched on nerve endings she didn’t know she
had, stroking across her G-spot from different angles, and only serving to
heighten her need. She gripped Jay’s shoulders, unable to do anything more than
become a vessel for them to take what they wanted. 
“Yes, baby, fuck, so fucking good,” Jay said. 
“I’m not going to last. This is fucking heaven,”
Richard said. 
Fingers teased over her clit, and she had lost focus
of where their hands were. Someone was holding her hip, her tit, and her clit. There
was touch everywhere. 
A few strokes to her clit, and she was coming again,
screaming both of their names. 
Both men rode her harder than before, with Richard
being a little more careful with her ass. She felt his restraint knowing in her
heart he was giving her time to get accustomed to him. 
“I’m going to come,” Jay said. 
“Then come.” Richard spoke up. 
Temperance couldn’t speak. She had lost all use of her
words. There was only mindless pleasure. 
First Jay gripped her hips, slamming her down on his
cock. He jerked, and his cock pulsed, filling the condom. At the same time,
Richard did the same, only he filled the condom in her ass. It was the first
time since they both entered her that they were deep inside her. Each pulse of
their cock made it to the point of being unbearable, but didn’t cross it. She
couldn’t stop them even if she wanted to. 
Together, they all collapsed on top of Jay. She rested
her head on his chest, and sighed. Her body shook from the sensation of being
claimed not just by one man, but by two. 
“Fuck me, we waited too long,” Jay said. 
“You both curse a lot during sex.” Temperance giggled.
“It’s funny. The billionaire and the accountant.”
“Sounds like a sexy porn film to me,” Richard said,
kissing her shoulder. “I need to get some mirrors for this room.”
“Why?”
“I want to see everything. I didn’t get much chance to
watch you there, Tempe, and you’re too good to resist.”
“I love the sounds she makes. There’s also this look
in her eye that says she’s about to get wild,” Jay said. 
“I didn’t see any of that because I don’t have any
mirrors,” Richard said. 
She laughed. “So, we’re getting mirrors for this
bedroom?”
“Nah, I’m thinking all rooms. You’ll never know when
the mood will hit.”
“All rooms?” She couldn’t move her head as she was
sandwiched between the two men. 
“There’s no point restricting our play to just one
room,” Richard said. “A mirror in every single room.”
“I like that.”
“You also want Jay and me to move in here?” Temperance
asked. 
“Yeah.”
“This threat you’re on about, how serious is it?” Jay
asked. 
“Let’s clean up first. This is not a conversation I
want to be having like this.” She couldn’t see Richard clearly, and when he
talked, she wanted to see his face. Something told her it was important. It had
to be important otherwise he wouldn’t have insisted they both stay with him,
and have bodyguards for protection. 
Just the thought of it made her shiver. 
Richard eased out of her, and she hissed as he passed
nerves endings that had gone a little numb. 
Jay eased out of her, and both men disappeared into the
bathroom. Richard ordered her to stay on the bed, so she didn’t move, which was
strange as all she wanted to do was move. 
He came back minutes later with a towel, and cleaned
her up, pressing a kiss to her ass cheek before leaving again. Climbing under
the covers, she held them over her breasts, suddenly aware of her body. 
Both men came back, obviously not caring they were
naked as they walked into the room. 
“You do not need to cover yourself,” Richard said,
tugging the blanket down to expose her. 
Jay jumped on the bed, and Richard sat down. 
“Okay, so what’s going on?” she asked, getting
straight to it. 
“What I’m about to tell you both mustn’t leave this
room. The only reason I’m saying something is I see this lasting. You both are
my future.” Richard looked at Jay. “I don’t want to fuck you, but I like you,
Jay. You’re a good man, and I do consider you a friend.”
“Likewise.”
He turned to her. “You, Temperance. What can I say
about you?”
She raised a brow. 
Richard cupped her cheek. “You came into my office,
and you caught my attention. I believed you were this prim and proper little
miss who had to have everything right. Slowly, I saw you’re anything but.
There’s a time and place for it, and you know when it is the right time. I
couldn’t allow anything to happen to you.”
“What he’s trying to say but making it sound way
better than me, is, he loves you.”
She chuckled, patting Jay’s hand away as he teased her
hair. “Shut up.”
“He’s right, Tempe. I do love you. I didn’t realize it
at first, but there’s no doubt in my mind. I love you.”
Tears filled her eyes. She’d never expected him to
love her. “You mean that?”
“Yes, I mean that, and I’m not lying either. I love
you, and it’s why I want you both to live her, have guards, to be safe, to be
protected.”
“What exactly is going on?” Jay asked. 
“When we first started the club, BBMC, we had a
mission, to help others. We wanted to make something better in the world, something
that only money could provide.”
“I get that,” Jay said. 
“Well, our mission soon turned to human traffickers.
Lewis, he lost Mandy years ago when she was just a kid, and since then, he’s
been hunting for her. Many suspected she was dead, and others just gave up.
Lewis, he never did.”
Temperance struggled to believe it, but it explained
why Mandy had a panic attack. 
“After years of fighting, we discovered that our contact
who was feeding us information on where the women were held, was in fact Mandy.
She suffered greatly for it, and we were able to not only save her, but other
women as well, and bring down several criminals exploiting the women.”
“You didn’t catch them all?”
“No. Trafficking, it’s a large scale organization that
is ever expanding. The black market for sex slaves, prostitutes, and even
children, is one that is sickening. I doubt that we’ll ever be able to stop it,
but we’re not going to stop.”
“Fuck, man, and I just thought you were a billionaire
who got his kicks playing dress up in leather.”
“I wish it was that simple. The BBMC has started
something, and we’re not going to stop. This is what we do.”
“The men that you’re after, do they know who you are?”
she asked. 
“We strive for privacy. However, over time articles
have appeared, and we’ve been connected to the club and what we do. Anyway,
rumors have been circling for years.”
“Tell me, Richard,” she said. 
“Bodies of dead women have been discovered in different
areas around the city. When you get a map and pinpoint their location, you find
that they are around each of the ten main headquarters of the members of the BBMC.”
“I don’t follow.”
“Give me a second.” Richard left, and Jay wrapped his
arm around her.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. I just want to make sense of what is going
on.”
“I agree.” 
She rested her head against him. “I love you both,
Jay. I can’t pick just one.”
“It’s good that neither of us wants you to pick. We’re
both happy being together, sharing you.”
Temperance stayed leaning against Jay as Richard came
in with a map. 
“Here are all of our businesses,” Richard said,
pointing at the map. “To give you an idea, this is where all the bodies have
been found.”
She watched him draw a circle. 
“It could be a coincidence, but we don’t believe in
that shit. We believe in cold hard facts.”
“Someone could be coming after you?”
“Exactly, and I don’t want to take any chances. I’ve
only just found you. I’m not going to lose you now.”
Before she could say anything, his cell phone rang,
and Richard had to leave to go and get it. 
Lifting up the map, she showed Jay exactly where
Richard’s building was. 
****
“It’s not just a coincidence, is it?” Jay asked. 
Temperance shook her head. 
Wrapping his arms around her, he held her close,
inhaling her sweet scent. Tonight had been a dream come true to him, and with
this threat, he was scared. He had been waiting for Temperance for so long, the
very thought of losing her was just too hard to grasp. There was no way he was
going to let anything happen to her. 
Richard walked back in the room. 
“What is it?” Temperance asked. 
“They have found another body.”
“Do you need to leave?”
“No, not tonight. The main investigation is taking
place first.”
Temperance moved up, snuggling so that her ass was
against his dick. “Jay and I will do what we can to help.”
“Yeah, we will. We’ve got your back, man.”
“All I want is for both of you to be careful. Don’t
linger too long in empty streets. Don’t go to places to eat you’ve never been
before. I’m going to assign a guard, but you’re not going to know where he is.”
“I’m a guy. I don’t need a guard,” Jay said, trying to
lighten the mood. 
“You’re an accountant,” Richard said. 
“So, we can be badass.”
“You scream at spiders,” Temperance said. 
“You’re not helping my case here, baby.”
“Just take the guard, Jay. I know you’ve got a big
dick, so you don’t have to act the man. Be the bigger man now, and see that this
is upsetting to Richard.”
Looking at the man he was starting to see as a friend,
Jay saw the fear Richard was trying to hide. It was serious shit. 
“Do I get to pledge to be a member?” Jay asked. 
“We’re not some frat house.”
“Technically, you are.”
Temperance laughed. “He’s trying to tease you. Smile,
Richard, and move on, otherwise he’ll start calling the club many other names.”







Chapter Nine
 
They were all gathered in church at the clubhouse the
following Sunday. Temperance and Jay were outside in the main bar while Richard
finished off this latest club meeting. During the past week, he’d gotten a
guard for each of them. One for Jay, two for Temperance, all three men had been
employed to keep a careful distance from their respective charges. He didn’t want
to hear both of them complaining. They had both moved in with him, and he’d
helped to bring their stuff to his place. He liked having both of them around.
At first he had thought Jay would be a problem, but now, he was his best friend
outside of the club. It was fun to finally have a friend to watch football
with, have a beer, and of course, share a woman. 
Mirrors had already been put in place in the fourth
bedroom, and every single night that was where all three of them slept. He
loved having Temperance between them. Some mornings he woke up to her lying across
his body. Other mornings, he woke to her ass against his dick, and she was
snuggled up against Jay. 
No jealousy struck up. She belonged to the both of
them, and he liked it that way. During the day, Temperance was the official PA,
apart from lunchtimes. Those he had her spread across his desk so that he could
lick her pussy out.
He also loved her sucking his dick. Sometimes, Jay
would join them for lunch, and it was hard not to turn it into a fuck-fest.
Both of them had been taking turns to possess her mouth, her pussy, or her ass.
Richard loved her. He truly did, and there was no doubt, this was his future
with both of them. 
Lewis circled the new link of the dead girls. 
“Do we recognize any of them?” Jackson asked. 
“Their names have all turned up in the missing
person’s database,” Lewis said. “What I’m not liking is each girl is part of different
order lists. The order forms where men or women order the kind of girl they
want. You know, blonde, brunette, fat, thin, stuff like that. Each of these
girls matches a description from different lists.”
Lewis went back to his keyboard, typing something. On
the large projector, Richard saw the different order forms, and then there were
the three faces of the dead girls. “Here, blonde, roughly five foot, with no
blemishes, chunky. This matches Darlene. She was reported missing by her family
a week ago. Slim, brunette, no ink, this matches this woman here.”
“What does this mean?” Blake asked. 
“One of these women was last seen in one of your
nightclubs,” Lewis said. 
“What?”
“Darlene was spotted on footage coming out of your
nightclub. She never made it home. It gets worse. Tania, she’s the brunette
with no ink, was employed by you, Russ.”
“What?” Russ asked. 
“And this woman.” Lewis pointed at the redhead. “She
was the cleaner for this club. Sarah, that was her name.”
“You think we’re being targeted?” Jamie asked. 
“All I know is right now, the cops are looking at us a
little suspiciously. These women, they’re innocents, and they’re being killed
because of what we do.” Lewis stared at the board. “Our lives within the club
are no longer secret.”
“What do we need to do?” Richard asked. “I’m not going
to sit back while a bunch of innocents are being targeted because of us.”
“I’ve got to use all the data I have, but I need
access codes into your security. All of your security codes.”
“Wait? Why?” Jamie asked, standing up. “Do you think
one of us is the snitch?”
“Not at all.”
Richard watched as the men started to glare at each
other, ready to fight. 
This was not part of the club, and Richard was pissed
off. “Enough!” He yelled the word, so everyone paused, turning toward him. “Do
you see what is happening? We’re having doubts about each other, and it was us
who went looking for them.” He looked at each of his nine club brothers. “We’ve
got each other, and right now, innocent people are dying. If you’ve got a
problem with Lewis having our access codes to help find these fuckers, then I
say I’d vote you out of the club.” Grabbing some paper, Richard wrote down the
access code. “That’s all you need to know.”
“This is our company.”
“We came together for trust. We each have access here,
and a woman was killed because she cleaned for us.” Richard shook his head.
“I’m not taking any fucking chances.”
One by one, the men wrote down their access codes. It
was a single code known only by them, which allowed for security around the
building to be checked. Lewis didn’t need to entire codes. Even Richard didn’t
have every single code to each building, or the access point for staff files. 
Lewis took a seat at the computer desk. He looked over
the codes, and then set fire to the piece of paper. Richard didn’t question him
as he got to work. 
“What do you have to do?” Richard asked, taking a
seat. 
“First, I access the victims’ files, and then I cross reference
them to the nights they were killed, and I can use some software that I created
that allows me to extract anomalies based on these facts. It’s the quickest
route to finding out what went wrong.”
“You do that.”
Richard rubbed at his temples. This was getting too
damn confusing, and he didn’t want anyone to get hurt. 
The men sat down around the table. 
“You’ve put three guards on Jay and Temperance,” Blake
said. 
“Temperance is my woman. I’m sharing her with Jay. You
got a problem with that, we can step outside and solve that problem.”
Blake held his hand up. “A ménage relationship isn’t
going to go down well in the market.”
“Do I look like a give a fuck? The press can say I’m fucking
Jay for all I care.” He’d never been one to lose sleep over the speculations of
other people. Growing up in foster care, Richard had learned not to take
anything to heart. There were cruel people in the world, and there were nice
people. Most of the time, he encountered the pieces of shit that didn’t deserve
to walk on this earth. 
“Wow, is it serious?” Jamie asked. 
“Yes, it’s serious,” Richard said. “I love her.”
“Wow, the beast has fallen in love.” This came from
Sean.
“I’m not the beast. You know that. I know that.”
“Actually, you kind of are. You’re not exactly known
for your lovely manner,” Jackson said. 
“Whatever. I’m not here to babysit what people think.”
He leaned back into his chair. “God, I need a break.”
It had been a long time since he took a vacation, and
he was starting to need one a lot sooner than he anticipated. He rarely ever
vacationed. 
The very thought of a nice beach, the ocean, privacy
with Temperance and Jay, was exactly what he needed. 
“How’s Mandy?” he asked. 
“She’s fine. She’s going to more therapy, and trying
to access her memories. I’ve stopped trying to pressure her.”
“None of us want to pressure her. She’s been through
so much already. I bet none of us can really imagine what she’s gone through,”
Russ said. 
“Let her have this time when she doesn’t need to
remember, and give her the peace she actually needs.”
“That’s what I’m doing,” Lewis said. “I hope I can
find out who these monsters are before another girl goes missing.”
This time, the missing girls were on their hands as
they were people that were close to them. Whoever the bastards were, they had
made it personal. 
****
“It’s more of a gentlemen’s club, don’t you think?”
Temperance kicked off her shoes, laughing at Jay’s
assessment of Richard’s clubhouse. It had been a long day. The O’Brian deal was
already underway, and to start on marketing they were looking for the right
face to go with the product. She was tired of looking at women’s bodies and
faces. O’Brian was determined to have it all about sex. 
What was sexy about makeup?
If you even thought of kissing, it all got mussed up. 
It was gross if your eyeliner ran. 
“Has it been a long day for you?” Jay asked. 
“Yes, my feet hurt. I spent the whole day getting
coffee and doughnuts. I’m so damn tired. This account is going to kill me.”
“The O’Brian account.”
Richard had been talking with Jay about everything. 
“Yes. He’s such an asshole. He judges everything on
beauty, and those that don’t match up, it’s bad news. They just get completely
cut from the whole thing. It’s sad, and horrible.” 
Jay moved in beside her, lifting her feet up, and
placing them in his lap. He started to massage her feet, and each touch made
her moan even louder. 
“That feels so good.”
“I’ll take care of you. O’Brian is an asshole. Richard
doesn’t like him either.”
“There’s nothing to like. He’s a total asshole. One
girl got cut from the callbacks because she had freckles. She was a hot woman,
and he wanted us to go through slides of women in the adult business as well.”
Temperance cringed. She really did hate some men. 
There was nothing to it. O’Brian wasn’t the first man
she hated just because he was a sexist pig. There had been a lot during her
time in the corporate world. This was just another element. 
“How was work for you today?” she asked, trying to
change the subject. 
“You do not want to know about my shit. It’s all
numbers, and shit. Very boring, you know that.”
“You’ve always been good with numbers. You’re so
clever.”
“Two plus two equals … four. Did I make you hot?”
“Totally.” She laughed, then jumped as someone placed
down a large glass on the counter. 
“Wow, I’m going to need some points from you,” the
woman said. 
Temperance recognized her from the visits she used to
go to Richard. Ever since he’d started seeing her, this woman hadn’t made an
appearance not once. From the looks of fire coming her way, Temperance knew
that the other woman was totally pissed. 
“Can I help you?” she asked. 
“Yeah, do you have a pussy of gold? Is that what keeps
them coming back to you?” 
“Tina, don’t cause trouble,” another woman said,
approaching the table. 
“Back off, Luna. You may get off fucking these men and
being nothing but a whore, but I don’t.”
“I’m not a damn whore,” Luna said. “These men, they’re
my family, and you’re the one making more of it. This is what we agreed to.
This is all I want.”
“Is it being fat? Is that it?”
“Hey,” Jay said. “You better back off.”
“Oh, so now you have two men. Well, he’s not a club
brother, but he’s someone that is way above your league. On the scale of one to
ten, you’re like a four, if that.”
Temperance sighed. “What makes you think you’re a
ten?” 
“I’m really sorry,” Luna said. 
She liked Luna. Temperance had learned that Luna had a
young girl of five who suffered with asthma. She wasn’t looking for love, and
the club gave her enough money to live a lifestyle that was more than
comfortable, but also meant she could afford the necessary medical care for her
baby girl. 
“You better leave.”
“I’m a ten because I’m beautiful, hot, and I know how
to suck cock.”
Temperance chuckled. “Is that it? Is that all you
think guys want?”
“That’s all they need.”
Jay smirked. “Wow, you’ve totally got it wrong. We
need a hell of a lot more than a good little cock sucker.”
“You’re fat, and Richard should walk away.”
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Richard
asked, storming out. 
Temperance cringed. Richard had a temper, and
especially when people were not treating her right. 
Tina went from super bitch to syrup within a second. It
even made Temperance want to gag. She had never seen a woman change so fast.
She was like one of those creatures in the desert that changed its color when a
predator was about. 
“I did try to warn her,” Luna said, stepping away. Her
hands were up in the air in surrender. “I don’t want any trouble. I love the
club.”
Temperance had no doubt, but Tina, she had crossed a
line. Still, she wasn’t going to force a woman out of the club just because she
didn’t like her. 
Getting to her feet, she climbed out of the booth,
having to straddle Jay as she did. Her breasts ended up thrust in his face, and
she stumbled on the hard floor. She wore a pair of tights, and her shoes were
on the floor. “Are you done for the night?” 
“No, I’m not done.” Richard looked past her shoulder.
“Do you think you can get away with calling my woman names?”
“She was all up in his space. They were pretty much
fucking.”
Temperance turned around to look at the other woman.
“You’re kidding right? You’re going to tell a bunch of lies to get what you
want.”
“Who are you going to believe?” Tina asked. 
“First, I wouldn’t believe you even if I had seen it
with my own two eyes. Second, Temperance belongs to me and Jay. If she wants to fuck him in front of the club, then she
can. She’s ours. Third, that was your final strike for me. I want you out of
the club for good.”
Richard looked pissed, and when she caught sight of
the other club members, she knew that Tina had pissed them all off one too many
times. 
“I suggest you leave the club until we come to a
decision,” Russ said. 
“But—”
“No buts. Get the fuck out,” Jackson said. 
Temperance watched as Tina glared at all of them. That
woman was not going to back down without a fight. 
****
Later that night, Jay sat back, stroking Temperance’s
hair. Her feet were in Richard’s lap. It was that time of the months so fun and
games were out of the question. They were snuggled on a large sofa. They were
in their pajamas, and Temperance wore a large nightshirt with a kitten on it.
The pajama pants had cows. 
She cuddled a hot water bottle against her stomach,
and had fallen asleep. 
“What will happen to that woman at the club?” Jay
asked. 
Once they had sent Tina off, they had left the club. 
“We’re going to get our club lawyer to handle it.
We’ll pay her off, but she’ll be bound by an agreement that states she is to
keep the running of the club a secret. If anything gets leaked, we have the
means of making sure her life is ruined.”
“Wow, don’t you think that is a bit harsh?”
“Besides the fact she called Tempe fat, there is more
at stake than just some rumors. Look what is happening to innocent women. I
will not allow a spiteful woman to risk others. I don’t care about myself. She
can talk about the club all day long to everyone, but we’re not just any club.
We’ve made ourselves targets, and that is on us. I regret it, but there’s
nothing we can do.”
“More women have been taken?”
Richard sighed. “Sadly, yes. More have been taken, and
we can’t know for certain who it is.”
“No one can do a good deed anymore without it becoming
an issue.”
“You’ve got that right.” Richard rubbed at his
temples. 
“Did you always want to be a biker?”
“No. The only thing I ever wanted was to help people.
That’s it. I wanted to help people.”
“You are helping people,” Jay said. 
“Am I? Right now it seems I’m killing more than I’m
helping.”
“You can’t blame yourself for what is going on. You’re
doing a good thing, and I bet you’ve saved hundreds of women.”
“Now women are being killed, and I can’t help but fear
what will come next.”
Jay looked over at his friend. He never for a second
thought he would be loving Temperance with another man. Richard was a good man.

“We’ll handle it together. We’re a team, right? We’ve
got each other, which at times is more than others have.”
Richard touched her leg. “I can’t lose her.”
“We won’t. We have this, together.” Jay smiled. “I had
lunch today with my bodyguard. His name is Curtis, and he’s ever so nice.”
Richard started to laugh. “You shouldn’t have noticed
him.”
“It was kind of hard not to. At first I thought I had
an admirer, and then I saw he was packing. I went out, shook his hand, and we
had lunch. He’s a good guy. He’s got three kids, and a wife who worries about
him.”
“Curtis is a good man. He’ll keep you safe.”
“I also know you’ve got two guards on Temperance.”
“I don’t think she knows about them,” Richard said. “I
prefer that. I don’t want her aware of the danger that I may have caused her.”
“You’re not going to lose her. She loves you too damn
much to lose you.”
Richard sighed. “I love her with my whole heart. I
never thought I’d love a woman as much as I love her. She’s my life.”
“I agree.”
“I want this to be forever,” Richard said. “Can you
handle that?”
“Sharing her?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve been handling it just fine. I happen to like
you, Richard. No, I’ll never want your dick, but I can see us sharing her.”
“I’ll marry her.”
“You’re the one with all the money,” Jay said. 
“It’s not about the money. I want her to be protected,
and I know she’d protect you as well if anything was to happen to me.”
“Are you proposing to me?” Temperance asked, sounding
sleepy.
“I thought you were asleep.”
“I was. I’m not asleep anymore.” She rolled over. “Are
you proposing?”
Richard chuckled. “Yeah, I’m proposing.”
Temperance smiled. She looked up at him. “What do you
think, Jay? Should I make him ask again?”
“I think you should put the guy out of his misery.”
Temperance laughed. “Yes, Richard, I’ll marry you.” 







Chapter Ten
 
Three days later, Richard was back at the clubhouse.
Jay and Temperance had stayed at home to make dinner, and he was going to miss
it if the meeting ran over. 
“I’m sorry it has taken me so long, but I finally
found the one person that was present within a specific time frame,” Lewis
said. 
“What?” Russ asked.
“Each woman was killed, and from the autopsy report,
the suspect is male. The damage to the woman’s bodies was consistent with that
of a blunt force trauma, which anyone can do, but it takes strengths. These
women, they were taken, tortured, and killed, dumped. Other women would not be
able to work alone for this. They don’t have the physical strength to carry
this out.” Lewis spoke without any emotion. “There was no rape, which is why
the cops are coming to us now no longer as potential suspects. It’s something
that doesn’t add up.”
“What do you mean?” Richard asked. 
“Murder, there’s a reason for it. There is a
relationship between most victims and the murderer, and I’m not talking like
father-daughter relations. This can be something like each woman insulted the
murderer, which is why he killed them. This doesn’t add up. Each murder is
completely related by one thing, us.”
“So because it’s not rape, they’re saying it’s a
problem, and we’re the only connection?” Richard asked. 
“There have to be at least two different killers out
there. The women that were found before were raped, so it was done by someone
else. Each serial killer, murderer, criminal, they have what is known as a
calling card. These three women do not match the women that were found raped before.
None of these women had anything in common, they don’t look the same, share the
same lifestyle. We are what connect them, which leads us to this man.” Lewis
clicked on a remote, and three images came on screen, each at different angles,
but what had Richard sitting up was he recognized the guy. 
“What about this man?” Richard asked. 
“This is the person that has been present near the women.
It’s not a coincidence. He was at Blake’s club, and was seen leaving a few
minutes after Darlene. They had been dancing together. He was also a visitor at
your building, Russ. Tania was the one who showed him around.” Lewis pointed to
the next image. The man was driving a van, and he watched as Sarah climbed
inside on the small video of the footage Lewis had taken. 
“What’s his name?” Richard asked. 
“For the last two, he used a different name. I don’t know
what name he was using for the first one with Darlene,” Lewis said. 
“He’s part of O’Brian’s entourage,” Richard said. 
Richard had seen him, and he used his cell to start contacting
O’Brian. 
Putting his cell to his ear, he waited for O’Brian to
answer. 
His heart was racing as he stared at the image on the
main screen. Fuck! He’d not even
given it a thought to check out O’Brian’s entourage. His club life had never
entered his working life unless he had a club whore visit him to take care of
his problem. 
“Richard, what do I owe the honor?” O’Brian asked. 
“The man who has been your guard, the one who stands
in the back.” Richard gave a brief description of the man. 
“Yes, I know who you mean. I don’t have his details. I
use a security firm who sends out different men for me.”
That man had been with him while he’d been with
Temperance. Hanging up his cell phone, he made his way out of the meeting,
rushing downstairs as he started to call Temperance’s cell. It went to
voicemail. Next he called Jay. 
Nothing. 
Then he called his apartment, and once again, nothing.
He didn’t even explain to any of his club brothers. Climbing onto his bike, he
shot out of the private parking area, not caring about his own safety.
Something had gone wrong. He knew it. 
He’d been so fucking stupid not to have seen it or
check out what the fuck was going on, but he’d been distracted. 
Richard would never make that mistake again. 
****
Temperance’s head was pounding, and when she tried to
touch her face, she was stopped. 
“Wait … what?” Her foggy brain was struggling to catch
up with everything that was going on, and it only served to make her more
confused. 
“Ah, she’s waking up.”
Frowning, she opened her eyes and turned her head.
Nothing was in focus, so she blinked her eyes to try to clear her mind. 
“There she is.”
She remembered being in the kitchen with Jay, and
having fun. As she glanced around the warehouse, it looked abandoned, and she
couldn’t see any sign of Jay. Someone had broken into Richard’s apartment, and
Jay had been shot. God, he’d been shot, and now he was bleeding. 
Tears filled her eyes and started to fall. Jay could
be dead, and no one knew. 
“You’re starting to remember.”
“What are you doing?” she asked. 
Opening her eyes, she forced herself to look at the
man who was taunting her. She recognized him but didn’t know how she did. They
had never talked before. There was nothing that stuck out about him. 
“What am I doing? Let’s see, I’m trying to gain the
attention of the billionaires affecting my business. Now, they make think
they’re smart, but they haven’t got anything on the corporation as a whole.”
Temperance stayed silent as the man kept talking. 
“Don’t you think it’s a little lame? A bunch of
billionaires thinking they can save the world.”
“They’re not trying to save the world. Just the women
and children you hurt.”
The man threw his head back, laughing. “They don’t
need to be saved. They’re there to be used. If I don’t use them, someone else
will.”
This man sickened her. “You will be stopped.”
“I doubt it. Where there are women, there will be men
who can order them like cattle. Sometimes, we get a picture of the woman they
want.”
“Why do you have me?” she asked. 
“I needed to teach the little lame bikers a lesson.
They seem to think they have their billions so they can do what they want.”
“You have nothing, and think the same thing.”
“I’m providing a service.”
“You’re a monster.”
“That I am. I won’t lie about who I am.” 
Temperance looked around, and saw that she was sitting
on a chair with her arms stretched out. She didn’t even want to think about
what this man had in store for her. Whatever it was, it wasn’t going to be
pleasant. 
“What are you going to do?” she asked. 
“I’m thinking it’s time I made a call.”
The man turned away and left her. 
Tears were pouring down her cheeks, and she was
struggling to keep herself together. She was petrified, and she was trapped. 
Stay calm, Temperance. 
She kept repeating the same words over and over in the
hope that she would eventually believe her own words. 
****
Richard slammed into his apartment and found Jay lying
on the floor in a pool of his own blood. 
Grabbing his cell phone, he dialed for an ambulance,
checking Jay’s vital signs. 
“My friend has been shot. I need an ambulance. His
pulse is faint.” Richard told them the address, and rolled Jay over. 
In the distance he heard his friends rushing into his
apartment. Dropping his cell phone, he removed his jacket, pressing it to the
wound. 
Jay finally moaned. “Fuck me, please tell me I’m
dreaming and I’m going to wake up to Temperance about to ride my face.”
“Now is not the time for jokes.”
“I’m not joking. Fuck me, that hurts.” Jay opened his
eyes and started leaning against the kitchen sink. 
“Colorful language for an accountant,” Lewis said. 
“I’ve been shot, and I bet it’s your fault. Pissed off
any employees lately?”
“None, but it is our fault.”
“Where’s Tempe?” Jay asked. 
“She’s not here.”
“What do you mean she’s not here?” Jay stared at him,
sweating. “Fuck, I can’t—did they take her?”
“I don’t know what the hell is going on,” Richard
said. 
“Do you have security cameras around the whole of the
building?” Lewis asked. 
“Everything is controlled with computers now.” Richard
pressed the jacket while trying to think, and not panic. It was fucking hard to
do. 
Temperance was gone. Jay was shot, and it looked bleak.

“I fucked up,” Jay said. 
“What?”
“I didn’t protect her. Someone has Tempe, and I fucked
up.”
“Shut up, Jay. We’ll deal with this, and we’ll find
her, and we’ll make the bastards pay.”
“At what cost, man? They hurt her, and we’re not going
to get the same woman back.”
Richard couldn’t think about that shit right now.
“Got it,” Lewis said. 
“Help me up,” Jay said. 
“You need to rest.”
“I’m not dead yet, and I have a right to see this
shit.”
He had no choice, so with Jackson’s help, he got Jay
to his feet. They moved toward the main television where Lewis had hooked up
the security footage. He was rewinding it back to the point where the apartment
was first broken into. 
Richard recognized one man as the guy on O’Brian’s
security detail. He didn’t recognize the other guy. 
The guards that Richard had assigned were out cold.
The only one not there was Curtis, but it was his night off. 
“Fuckers came in and started shooting. We didn’t have
any time.”
Richard didn’t have security cameras within his
apartment, so next he saw Temperance fighting them. She was trying to get away,
screaming, kicking, and even biting. 
He cursed when he saw one of them slam their fist in
her face, and Temperance went out cold. They picked her up and disappeared.
They clearly didn’t care about being caught. Richard had never seen anyone do
this out in the open, which made him wonder who they had as contacts within the
law. Lewis typed, changing each camera angle, and they watched as the men
dumped her in the back of a car, and drove off. 
Richard thought that would be it, but Lewis was
already moving onto the next step, framing the license plate, and running it. 
“What are you doing?” Jay asked. 
“I’m finding where he went. I’ve got recognition
software that I can access.”
“I don’t feel so good.” Jay started to sway, and
Richard held onto him, leading him to the couch. 
“I’ve got you, Jay. The ambulance will be here, and
we’re all going to be okay.”
“You’ve got to protect her. She’s too precious to
allow anything to happen to her.”
“Jay, shut up, and stop worrying. You’re going to be
fine.”
“If I don’t make it, you’ve got to keep her.”
Richard gritted his teeth. “Shut up.”
“You’ve got to love and cherish her, and you’ve got to
go through with it. You’ve got to marry her, otherwise I’ll come down and haunt
your ass.”
“You’re not going to die.”
“I’m so cold.”
****
Temperance tried not to cringe when she caught sight
of the man coming back. He was laughing, and she didn’t like that. It was terrifying.

“I see you’re still awake.”
“I’m not exactly comfortable,” she said. Her arms were
spread out, and her ass was starting to get numb. 
She was in an abandoned warehouse used for torturing
people and she was more concerned about her numb ass. 
Get your head in the game. 
The man laughed. “This isn’t about your comfort. Do
you really think they will come for you?” 
He grabbed another chair and sat in front of her. Her
heart was racing, and she was trying to hardest not to let the fear show. 
Richard will come. 
The BBMC will come.
In the beginning she’d thought the billionaire bikers
were a bunch of men who didn’t know what they were doing. They were just
playing at being tough men. Now, she saw what they were doing, and she appreciated
it more than ever. 
“You know, I’ve trained a lot of girls for a lot of
men to be their pets.”
“Is that what you do? Train them to be animals?”
“Hardly animals. Some girls, they fight, and it takes
killing another to keep them in line.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“I’m thinking if I kill you, it’ll keep everyone else
in line. They have Mandy, and she was great for soothing the girls. She played
her part. It was just a shame she decided to turn on us.”
“Mandy helped you?”
“In the beginning she fought like a wild animal. My
mentor, he found her the hardest to break, which was why she was given special
privileges over time. Once she earned enough, he kept her on to help the other
girls. He had no idea the whole time she was a traitor. The woman is an expert
actress. No other woman is ever going to get that close again.”
Temperance smiled. “That’s what you get for fucking
with women.”
He slapped her around the face, once with his right,
and then with his left. 
The pain was instant, and blood pooled from her split
lip. 
Closing her eyes, she tried not to cry. 
“Do you really think you’ve got a chance of getting
away? No one knows where you are. No one knows who I am.”
She had faith that Richard and his brothers would find
her. They were billionaires for fuck’s sake, with all the latest technology,
and they were geniuses. She just had to stay alive long enough for Richard to
come. 
****
“You’re going to be okay. You’ve got to fucking live.
I’m not having Temperance tell me I failed if you die. Do you hear me?”
“Mr. Bruce, we’ve got to take him now.”
An oxygen mask covered Jay’s face, and the paramedics
were working hard to keep him alive. “You keep him alive. Anything happens to
him, and I’ll own your asses and your hospital.”
“We will do everything we can.”
Jay removed his mask, looking paler by the second. “Go
and get our girl. Now!”
Richard charged for the elevator and made his way back
to his apartment. Lewis was on the computer still, using his own technology to
get what he wanted. 
“Do you have her?”
“Whoever took her is not that bright. They didn’t even
mask the fucking car, and he led us right to an abandoned warehouse near a
port. It’s thirty minutes out.”
Richard moved toward his office, going into his safe
and grabbing out two of his guns. He walked back into the main room. “Call our
informant. Tell him everything, and make sure he gets there soon.” He wasn’t
going to wait around. 
“It’s already done, Richard. A group of SWAT is
circling the building. It seems this man, known as ‘the torturer’, was on their
most wanted list.”
Richard rushed out of the apartment. He was going to
be there when they stormed that fucking building, and he was going to save his
woman. 
****
Temperance was in pain, in so much pain that an
aspirin wouldn’t cure her. She was no longer sitting, but the bastard had
started to show her exactly what he did to train
the little pets. 
This man needed to be stopped. 
She was completely naked, and he’d touched her. Just
remembering his hands on her made her want to vomit, which she already had
done, and it was a struggle not to step in the mess. He’d turned her so that
she was facing the wall, and then started to use all kinds of whips, or
devices, or something that had made the flesh on her back burn. 
“Well, I think you may have turned me to fat women,”
he said, moving to stand behind her. He wrapped his fist in her hair, pulling
her head back to look at her. He wrapped his fingers around her throat, cutting
off her air supply. She couldn’t do anything to stop it. She was at his mercy,
her arms bound up. “Such a beautiful body for me to play with. I always thought
slender women were the best, but the curvier you are, the more rounded places
to hit. You’re a little more durable as well.” He slapped her ass, and finally
released her throat. She took great gasps of air, precious air. 
Before she’d taken enough, he did the same. 
“All you’ve got to do is be good, and you’ll get
everything you want.”
Follow the rules to be rewarded, break them, and
you’ll be punished. 
She squeezed her eyes shut, hating how degrading this
was. No matter what she couldn’t let Richard or the BBMC stop their hunt for
men like this. 
There were women out there being tortured, used,
manipulated, and she was going to see that it was stopped.
Temperance didn’t care that for every person they
brought down, another took their place. They would just have to keep on
fighting until all the men were brought to justice, and it was a mission she
was going to fight for. 
He released her throat, and she gasped for breath. 
“I’m impressed. You’re not screaming or begging me to
stop.”
He ran his hands all over her body, and she tried to
think of the men in her life. 
Be strong for Jay and Richard. 
Be strong. 
Don’t give up. 
Don’t give in. 
Fight. 
She couldn’t give up. There was too much to lose now. 
The man started hitting her, beating her with
something like wood, and the pain was making her dizzy. She couldn’t keep
holding on. She was at the point where she wanted to give in. Each slap to the
skin was as bruising as the last. 
There was no respite to the pain. She couldn’t handle
anymore. 
Just as she was about to scream for mercy, she heard
the unmistakable sound of gunfire. In a bizarre twist the sound of gunfire
actually stopped the pain she was feeling. She couldn’t see anything as she was
facing the wall. All the time she heard shouts and gunfire, fear gripped her in
ways she wasn’t prepared for.
What was going on? 
She was naked, and something was going on. If someone
did this wrong, she could get shot.
Crap!
Temperance started to scream at the top of her lungs.
Time passed. It could have been seconds, but to her it felt like years. 
“I’ve got you, Temperance,” Richard said. 
His voice soothed the pain that she was suddenly
feeling. 
“Richard?” she asked, sobbing his name. 
“It’s me, baby. I’m here.”
“You came. I knew you would.”
“I’m here now, and I’m not going to let you go.” 
“I hurt,” she said.
“I know. No one is going to hurt you again. I’ve got
you.” 







Chapter Eleven
 
Jay sat in the wheelchair. He was bandaged up, and the
hospital had done everything to care for him. The moment he saw Richard and he
got the update on Temperance, he’d been able to calm down. He couldn’t relax
though. Not until he saw her. Jackson, one of the club guys, wheeled him
around. He didn’t mind seeing as Richard was with her. 
“You can’t go any faster?” Jay asked. 
“You’ve had surgery to remove a bullet. Doctor’s
orders you’re to take it easy.”
“So? Get me to my woman. Move, man!” He was trying to
cover up the fact he was frightened. Temperance was a strong woman, but what
she had just faced, it scared him. 
Jackson didn’t move faster, and as they rounded the
corner, he saw the rest of the billionaires outside in the corridor, waiting. 
“Damn, is it that bad?”
“One of our own is hurting, and we’re here to offer him
support. It’s the way of the club.”
Jackson wheeled him into the room, and the first thing
he saw was the fact Temperance was on her front, with her head turned to the
side. Dressings had been applied to her back, and Richard was knelt beside her
head, kissing her. 
“Jay’s here, baby,” Richard said. 
“Jay?” Temperance’s voice broke, which only served to
upset him. 
“I’m here, baby.” Jackson wheeled him so that he was
able to look at her. 
Tears were spilling from her eyes, and seeing her sad
and broken, tore him apart. “You’re safe.”
“Yes, I’m safe. Damn bullet had to be taken out, but
I’m doing good. It didn’t hit anything vital, and I’ll be out tomorrow. You
know the health service.” He tried to make light of everything. 
“Always cracking jokes.”
“It’s my method.” He reached out, taking hold of her
hand. “Forgive me.”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Jay. Neither of us could
do anything.”
“You got to her in time before anything worse
happened?” Jay asked. 
“I got to her, but I don’t—” Richard stopped, stepping
away from the bed. 
“Don’t let him blame himself. I wasn’t raped, and I
wasn’t hurt too badly. The wounds, they will fade, and in time, I’ll be safe
and happy once again. Don’t let him go making it about himself. He’s a
billionaire, and he has enough attention as it is.”
Jay laughed. “Come on, man. What happened, it was
fucked up, but we’re all here now.”
Richard nodded and took a step toward them. 
He and Richard moved in close, pressing their heads
against Temperance’s. “I love you, Temperance. I can’t live without you, and I
don’t want to. I can’t live without you either, Jay. I’ll never want to fuck
you, but don’t ever fucking scare me like that.”
“Wow, I feel all bro-manced up. Love you, too.”
“I love you both, and I don’t want to spend another
moment without either of you,” Temperance said. 
“This is it for me,” Jay said. “I want you both, and
I’m happy to share my life with you, Richard.”
“I want my kids with you, Tempe, and I don’t care who
gives them to you. We’re both in this together.” Richard kissed her cheek, and
once he pulled away, Jay did the same. 
****
Mandy stared into the hospital room with tears in her
eyes. Jay, Richard, and Temperance were great together. They didn’t deserve
this kind of pain. She was thankful that they had only gotten stronger
together, not weaker. 
Lewis was stood within the room as were the other BBMC
They were a bunch of good men who didn’t deserve the crap that had been handed
to them. What they were up against, it wasn’t an easy fight, nor was it one
where anyone would be a victor. It was going to be hard, dangerous, and scary
as fuck. 
She remembered everything. 
That very morning she had woken up, and it was like
coming out of a daze. At first, she had wanted to break down, cry, scream, and
at the same time be happy. Her life for so long had been a nightmare with no
sign of getting out. The beatings, the rapes, the manipulation, all of it had
finally taken its toll. She was ready to die, so she had decided to reach out
to someone in the hope of trying to do something good before she ended her
miserable life. 
Mandy had found Lewis. Throughout it all, she had
remembered him, and been in love with him. There was a time when she was young
and innocent where she’d thought they would be happily married together, but
now that was all a fantasy. She had been taken, stripped of all kind of
innocence, and learned how to play dirty. 
To gain trust, she had done despicable things, getting
girls to trust her, and in doing so, she had been fighting to bring down the
men that thought women and girls were to be used as cattle. 
Part of her wished she had never remembered. To
remember meant it actually happened, and right now, she couldn’t look at her
own reflection. 
Moving away from the somewhat family moment, she made
her way to the café in the hospital. Grabbing a shit cup of coffee, she took a
seat, staring down at the dark liquid. Her life meant nothing. It had no
meaning. She had saved a couple hundred women by feeding information to Lewis,
but there were still thousands of women every day being traded. 
She didn’t deserve to be free. 
Taking a sip of the cup, she relished the burn as it
slid down her throat. She had no place in this world. Mandy hadn’t finished any
kind of schooling. Her knowledge was basic, if that. There was nothing for her
here. She didn’t have the kind of knowledge that others had. 
Her knowledge was in obedience, pleasure, sex, and
knowing what her master wanted. 
God, even now it made her stomach roll just thinking
about what she’d had to do. 
“There you are,” Lewis said, coming into the room. 
“Hey.” He was a very handsome man. 
Lewis was also a man who deserved someone much better
than she was. Someone clean. She wasn’t clean. She was dirty, filthy, and there
was no cleaning the dirt on her skin. 
“You just left.”
“You needed to be alone.” She sipped more of the
burning liquid. 
“They got the torturer. He’s in custody.”
“There’s more to replace him.”
Lewis paused. “What?”
“Do you remember when we were little, younger? You
used to say that nothing would ever happen to a good girl because there was no
way darkness could touch someone good.”
“Mandy?”
“That’s not true.” Tears filled her eyes. “Darkness
touches everyone, and the monsters prey on the good, the weak.”
“You remember?”
“I remember.”
“Shit, why didn’t you say anything?”
She looked away, unable to stare at the man who had
saved her. “You were never supposed to save me, Lewis. You were always supposed
to help them.”
“Mandy, I had to help you.”
She shook her head. “I’m beyond help. Those women,
those innocent girls, they need your help. I’ve got to go back.”
“No! You’re not going back.”
Her shoulders slumped. “What use am I here? I can’t even
spell.”
“You can use a computer, and you can help me.”
“I’m dirty, Lewis. I did things that I don’t ever want
to think about or remember. I don’t deserve to be free.”
Lewis grabbed her hand. “I started the club. I made
sure we did these missions. I lied to them. Everything I did was in order to
find you. You’re the only one I was searching for. The only one I cared about.
I thought once I had you, I’d stop, not look back.”
“Lewis?”
“Let me finish.” He held her hand so tight. “I can’t
give up. I started something in finding you, and we were lucky to find each
other. I’m not giving you up, but I will stop fucking looking.”
“What?”
“If you go back and put yourself in danger again, I
will stop, and I will never start again. You’ll be on your own, and I will
thwart any attempt you make to help people.”
“That’s blackmail.”
Lewis’s jaw clenched. “I lost you once. I had to live
knowing that you were being hurt. Every night I lay awake hearing you scream my
name, begging for me to save you. I’ve saved you. I don’t give a shit what you
did. It’s you, Mandy. You did it for a reason. You’re going to be more help to
me here than anywhere else.”
She knew he wasn’t bluffing. Lewis was stubborn. He
would make sure no one else was saved to prove her wrong. 
“Where do we get started?” she asked. 
“That’s my girl.” He held her hand tightly. “You’re
not dirty.”
Mandy snorted. “I’ve sucked enough cock and pleasured
enough men to know that I’m dirty.” For punishment she had been passed around.
She wasn’t going to go into detail of the party she was presented to, and how
her owner, to punish her, had made her available to everyone. 
She had been in so much pain when that was over. 
“You’re not dirty to me. I love you, Mandy. It’s hard
for you to accept right now, but I do love you. I love you so much.”
Hearing his admission of love filled her with so much
guilt. She loved him. She did, but Lewis needed someone who was better. 
She wasn’t good, whereas he was. 
****
Two days later Jay and Temperance were released from
the hospital, and Richard was there to take them home. They had already emptied
out their apartment, and they were living with him full time. 
He had a club meeting later that night, but because of
them being released from hospital, the meeting was going to take place at his
apartment. Richard had everything set out so that both of them would have the
utmost care and attention. 
“I’m not going to miss hospital food,” Jay said,
climbing into the back of the car with a groan. 
Temperance was doing much better. She had to air the
wounds on her back for a few hours, and the doctor had given him the cream for
him to put on. He was looking forward to playing nursemaid with her. 
“Me neither. I look forward to something cooked
properly.”
Richard helped her inside, and when he was happy she
was comfortable, he climbed behind the wheel. 
“No one knows the real you, do they, Richard?” Jay
said. 
“What?”
“Well, you’re called a beast, but I have to say,
you’re like a little puppy.”
“Jay, don’t try to taunt him.”
“You’re a friend, Jay. Friends don’t get to see that
side of me. I reserve it for everyone else.” He pulled away from the hospital,
and joined up with traffic. It was good having them back in the car, and back
in his life. He didn’t want to consider a life without either of them. Did that
make him a pussy? If so, he was happy to be one. He didn’t want to miss the
chance of being happy. 
“I’ve seen him be a beast at work. Honestly, you do
not want to get on this man’s bad side,” Temperance said. 
He gripped her knee, giving her a gentle squeeze. He
needed to touch her just to know that she was okay. The past two days he hadn’t
left the hospital. During the day, he spent time with both of them, and at
night, he divided his attention between Temperance and Jay. She was having
trouble sleeping, and he tried his best to soothe her in any way that he could.

“The guys are coming over later tonight. Anna’s going
to be with them.”
“What about Luna? Is she coming?” Temperance asked. 
“No. She has to stay home. Her kid is sick, and we’re
not going to force her to come to the club.” 
“Damn, remind me to order a care package or
something.”
Over the past couple of weeks, Temperance had found
the time to pretty much befriend everyone. She was close with Anna, Luna, and
Mandy. 
Thinking about work, she was always able to draw
people out of their shell. It was one of the things he liked about her. 
He also happened to like staring at her, which was no
hard feat either. She was a sexy, beautiful, desirable woman. 
“How about Vegas?” Jay asked. 
“I’m not going to get married in Vegas,” Temperance
said. 
“Why not?”
“It’s tacky, and I don’t want to get married there.”
“It’s easy.”
“I don’t care. It’s not going to happen. I want a
proper wedding. Not something that is rushed just because you think it should
be.”
“I’m not the only one who thinks it should be,” Jay
said. “Come on, Richard, tell her.”
“This is something you can do all on your own. I’ll be
there at the right time to say the ‘I dos’, and that is it. Tempe can have
whatever wedding she wants.”
“You’re just kissing her ass.”
“At least he knows what ass to actually kiss. Whereas
you, Jay, you’re heading toward no sex.”
“You’d deprive a man sex?”
“To get what I want? Yes.” She chuckled. “I can do it
now. I have two of you.” She blew Jay a kiss, and winked at him. 
God, he loved her. He really did. 
Richard never thought he’d be this happy, but he was.
He never wanted to it stop, and he would fight to the end to get it. 







Chapter Twelve
 
Later that night, Jay and Temperance were in the
sitting room with Anna while Richard was conducting a meeting with his brothers
and Mandy. She had her memory back, and now they were working on finding the
rest of the men who were trafficking women. 
“You’re saying it’s multi-organized?” Sean asked. 
“Yes. They’re everywhere, and they take orders from
powerful men. It’s not just personal orders though. They, erm, they take women
and kids off the street to fill a need, or a space within brothels. Only a
select few girls get given to the torturer for training.”
“Torturer?” Richard said. “That’s the guy who was
hurting Tempe.”
“He won’t be the only one. If anything, he’d be the
one assigned to this port. They will have hundreds of them all around the
world. The women that men want to have training will go to that man. After a
period of between six months to a year, he will have the perfect, compliant
slut, as they call it. A pet, a submissive, a toy, property.”
“How do you know this?” Richard asked.
“I was one of the few who was trained. The order is
very specific,” Mandy said. “It has to match what they want. Without it, there
is no payment, and in this world, it’s all about the payment.”
“Something like this has to have someone finding out
about it,” Jackson said. “Cops can’t just ignore it.”
“Select groups of professionals are trained to get the
cops to look the other way, and create distractions that take their eye off the
ball.” Mandy moved toward the map. “When I was still part of the organization,
there was a big operation down on the south coast. It was an easy port to
access for them, and also one of the head directors owns it.”
“We’re talking about bringing down billion dollar corporations
disguising traffickers?” Jamie asked. 
“You’re not going to get them all,” Mandy said.
“They’re everywhere, and they hide really well. You can only hope to help so
many. If you save one, it’s better than none.”
“We started something because of me,” Lewis said. “I
was looking for Mandy, but I can’t turn my back on this. I’ve got the means,
I’ve got the power, I want to make this my life’s work. When people think about
taking another woman or girl from the street, I want them to hesitate, to
stop.” Lewis paused, staring at each of them. Richard already had an idea where
this was going. “If you don’t wish to continue this, I understand. I’m not
going to stop. I’m in this for the long haul, and there’s no way I’m letting it
go.”
Richard sighed. “I’m not backing down. I saw the mess,
and what they have done to other women. I’m not going to stop until I either
die, or they kill me. Either way, I’m in this. Count me in.”
“And me,” Jackson said. “I want to see every single
son of a bitch pay. This is not about the club anymore. This is about justice.”
One by one the club brothers each put their name back
in. 
They had started out as a club for them to hang, which
had turned into a cause, and now it was a mission. They were going to try to
save every single one they could, or die trying. 
A feminine scream coming from his sitting room had
them all rushing out. 
Running into his room, Richard stopped as he saw Anna
on the floor panting, gripping her stomach. 
“Our baby is coming, Russ.”
“Holy shit.”
Eleven large men started rushing around his apartment
trying to figure out how the hell they were going to get a woman in labor to
the hospital. One of them called the hospital, the other the fire department.
Lewis was on the line to Mandy’s therapist. 
“I’ve got it,” Temperance said. Jay held a phone
pressed to her ear, and the men paused as she started to work on delivering a
baby into the world. “Okay, I can see a baby’s head here, and I can tell you,
we’re not going to make it to the hospital.” She listened, nodding. “Make sure
the paramedics are here. I don’t know what else I can do. Russ, hold her.”
Temperance took a deep breath, and then she started to
work, preparing herself for the birth. 
This had been one hell of a night. 
****
Later that night, after Temperance had helped birth
Russ and Anna’s son, she was curled between her two men. They had all gone to
the hospital, and when she was sure she hadn’t done any damage to baby, and
mother, Temperance had been ready to go home. The BBMC had gone their separate
ways. Some of the brothers stayed with Russ so that he had some protection. 
Jay kissed her shoulder. She lay on her front as her
back was still healing. 
“I delivered a baby.”
“I thought I was going to pass out,” Richard said. 
“You were very brave.”
“Brave?” she asked. “I thought I was going to pass out,
too. I’ve just seen a vagina do something I never wanted to see, and yeah, I
don’t wants kids.”
Jay laughed. “You’ll want kids some day. It’s you, and
you’ll make one hell of a mother.”
“Do you think so?” she asked. 
“I know so. I don’t doubt it. You’ll make an amazing
mother.”
She turned to Richard. “What do you think?”
“About you being a mother?” 
She nodded. 
“I’ve got no doubt. You’re an amazing person, and
you’re going to be the best mother in the world.”
She leaned up, kissing him deeply. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.” He stroked her cheek. 
“I want to ask you something,” she said. 
“What, baby?”
“Will you be helping others like Mandy and Anna?”
He tensed up. 
“We were talking about it with Anna while you were in
a meeting,” Jay said. “We believe it’s something you should do.”
“The club, we started something, and we’re going to
finish it. Or at least, we’re going to try.” Richard leaned down, pressing a
kiss to her nose. “Do you have a problem with me doing that?”
She shook her head. “No. I’m proud of you. Just don’t
do anything to get yourself killed. I love you too much. I don’t want to lose
you.”
“You’re not going to lose me.” 
He kissed her again, happy to be with her. Soon, she
would be completely healed, and then he’d be able to claim her in the right
way.







Epilogue
 
One month later
 
Someone has tamed “The Beast” but who is she? Richard Bruce married his
rather mysterious PA today. Is this a marriage of convenience or is something
not right? Also, what is up with the mystery man?
Richard laughed at the headline that Temperance read
out. They had flown to Vegas to get married, much to Jay’s amusement. The BBMC
had all been present as they had all flown to one of the Vegas chapels to
witness his binding to Temperance. Also, which was rather unique, Jay had opted
to wear a ring as well. They had a commitment to each other. 
“Mysterious PA and mystery man? Who do they think we
are?” she asked. 
“They clearly don’t have a clue,” Jay said, taking the
paper from her hands. “I’ve got a much better way of spending our honeymoon.”
He caught Temperance around the waist and carried her toward the bedroom. 
Richard followed, enjoying the view as Jay got her
naked, and then took her to the bed. 
“It’s time I took your ass,” Jay said. 
He watched as his best friend got his dick ready with
some lube. The entire honeymoon suite had been fully equipped for newlyweds.
Sipping his champagne, Richard watched as Temperance took Jay into her ass. He
saw how wet she was, her cream spilling out of the lips of her pussy, sliding
down to coat her ass, and Jay’s cock. 
Removing his robe, he took another sip, and wrapped
his fingers around his length. 
“Do you want this, baby?” he asked, working his length
from the base going up to the tip. 
“Yes, Richard.”
Climbing on the bed, he crawled toward the two people
he loved more than anything. This was the start of their future. Never did he
think he could share a woman, but seeing the pleasure in Temperance’s eyes, he
couldn’t imagine being without Jay. 
“Do you like him in your ass?” Richard asked.  
“Yes.”
“Do you want me in your pussy? Your husband?”
“Yes, please, Richard, fuck me.”
He aligned the tip of his cock to her entrance, and
slid inside. “I want to get you pregnant, Tempe.”
She moaned. “Not yet.”
“Yes, I want to fill you with my spunk, and see you
grow big with our kid.” He took possession of her lips. Jay reached between
them, stroking Temperance’s clit. 
“We’ve got the rest of our lives,” she said, gasping. 
“Exactly, let’s start it now.”
She wrapped her arms around them, giving in to his
demands. This was how their lives were going to be, bound together, loving each
other. Richard would cherish Temperance and Jay, neither of them ever going
without. Richard would see to that. 
They had given him something to live for, and he was
going to give them back with his love, and everything that he was. 
Temperance and Jay were going to be loved by him. 
 
The End
 
 
www.samcrescent.wordpress.com
 
 
 
Other
Books by Sam Crescent:
 
www.evernightpublishing.com/sam-crescent
 







 
 
If you
enjoyed this book, you may also like:
 
Holiday Hottie by Jewel Quinlan
 
Wicked Man by Beth D. Carter
 
Own Me by Jenika Snow
 
 
 

 
 
Evernight
Publishing
 
www.evernightpublishing.com
 
 
 









