


The Billionaireâ€™s Secret Babies








Penny Wylder







Contents



Copyright


Books By Penny Wylder




Chapter 1


Chapter 2


Chapter 3


Chapter 4


Chapter 5


Chapter 6


Chapter 7


Chapter 8


Chapter 9


Chapter 10


Chapter 11




Epilogue










Copyright Â© 2017 by Penny Wylder
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.









Sign up HERE!












Books By Penny Wylder





Filthy Boss

Her Dad’s Friend

Rockstars F#*k Harder

The Virgin Intern

Her Dirty Professor

The Pool Boy

Get Me Off

Caught  Together

Selling Out to the Billionaire

Falling for the Babysitter

Lip Service

Full Service

The Billionaire’s Virgin












1




“You’re fired, Manila.”
I stare at my boss Mark for a solid minute. I cannot have heard him right. He’s sitting there watching me, waiting for a reaction. “Sorry?” I ask, after a long, deafening silence.
He reaches across the table to pat my hand. “It’s nothing personal. It’s just, you know, you’ve been gone for so long…”
“I had maternity leave!” I shove my chair back, leaping to my feet. “I am taking care of two newborns. Twins! I’m doing it all by myself –”
“Well, that was your choice,” he points out.
I ball up my fists at my sides. “How is that any different from Rebecca? Or Marcy, or Tamara?” I list every woman in this office with kids of her own. Marcy took an extra month of maternity leave last year after a complication with her pregnancy led to an emergency C-section. Tamara works from home Mondays and Fridays to have extra time with her three kids after her good-for-nothing husband walked out on her. What’s different about me?
“You chose to bring those kids into the world without a father,” Mark replies.
I am gaping at him, full-on, open-mouthed. I’ve worked here for five years, slaving away as this asshole’s personal secretary. Never once did I complain, not when he called me for last minute travel emergencies in the middle of the night on a Saturday, not when he asked me to bring him coffee every morning like I’m a freaking temp, not even when he got a little too handsy at the office Christmas party last year. Because the rest of the time, he was a decent guy to work for.
So I thought.
“So let me clear this up. You’re firing me because I took my legally allowed maternity leave,” I say.
He frowns. There’s the key word, fucker. Legally allowed. Yeah, that’s right. But then he shakes his head. “Of course not, Manila. We would never do that. But you asked me if you could take an extra month, remember? And then you came back and asked for another couple of days, and you were late two days last week, your first week back on the job…”
“You said it would be fine! I told you the twins needed to go to the doctor for follow-ups those mornings. You said you were flexible!”
“There’s flexible and then there’s bending over backwards and letting someone walk all over you. I’m sorry, Manila. Please have your desk cleared out by the end of the day.”
“Not a fucking problem,” I practically snarl at him. I’m too fucking pissed at this point. I don’t think about how I need him for a recommendation, or how it would look on my resume if I apply to a new place and they call him to ask about my standing when I left. I don’t think about anything practical like that. I just storm out of his office, straight to my desk, and shove everything on top of the desk onto the floor. My calendar, my meticulously organized notes, the stack of travel documents I prepared for him, staying late all last week to be sure I caught up on everything I’d missed while I was gone… I shove it all onto the floor.
The only things I bother to grab from the desktop are my photos – one of my dad, may he look down on me from heaven now and grant me the courage to deal with this fucking bastard of a boss, and one of my twins. My whole world. It’s a recent photo, just four and a half months old, of the day they were born. It’s just us in the photo, my arms wrapped tight around them both.
Luca and Lucie, my perfect bundles of joy. The only thing left making me happy now. The ones I did all of this for.
I tuck those two picture frames under my arms and storm out, making sure to step right on top of the mess of papers I’ve strewn around the place.
“What’s happening?” Tamara stands up at her desk, at the front of the office. She’s the general office secretary, but more like the mother hen. Always taking care of us, making sure we have everything we need, plenty of desk supplies and tea if we’re feeling down.
“Mark fired me,” I say, louder than I intended. Half the office glances over in my direction – it’s an open plan, so there aren’t many secrets around here. But who cares? Good. Let them know what an asshole he is.
“Oh my god.” Tamara is at my side in a second, taking my shoulders, pulling me into a hug.
Behind me, I hear Mark’s office door open. He sticks his head out, sizes up the glares in the room.
“If you need anything, Manila, please let me know,” he calls out. Saving face in front of the other workers. Yeah, whatever, asshole.
I ignore him and hug Tamara back. She pats my back gently. “It’ll be okay,” she murmurs in my ear. “I’ll make sure he gives you the best recommendation ever. We’ll find you something else.”
My throat is starting to close up. I can’t face the idea of not having this job. This steady paycheck. The whole reason I decided, after months and years of deliberating, that I could handle having a baby. I hadn’t planned on two – but they’re my miracle babies. My everything.
What the hell am I going to do now?











2




It’s been two weeks. Two weeks of panic, fear, worry. I crouch beside the crib watching Luca and Lucie sleep. Luca sleeps with his thumb in his mouth, and Lucie sleeps with her hand tangled in Luca’s hair. They’ve both already got half a head of jet-black hair, just like mine but wavier. It’s funny, they look so similar, but already in just five months they’re developing their own personalities. Lucie is the clingy one – she cries anytime Luca is out of her sight, and she won’t fall asleep unless I’m holding her. Luca is more independent, though he still relies on his sister to show him how to do everything, like pick up a rattle or pull my hair.
I didn’t expect these guys. When I finally decided, a little over a year ago, to go to the clinic on my own, I was expecting one baby. One perfect baby, from whomever my mystery donor was.
I didn’t want to pick the father of my children out of a photo book – that just felt too weird, like shopping for an internet bride. I asked the nurses to recommend somebody, and they told me they had the perfect donor in mind.
That donor turned out to be a little too perfect, at least in the fertility department. Next thing I knew, I was at my ultrasound appointment being told they’d detected not one, but two heartbeats.
Now, though? Now I couldn’t imagine my life without both Lucie and Luca. They are my world, my everything, and I’m so happy that everything turned out the way it did.
At least, everything except my stupid asshole ex-employer.
I sigh under my breath and lean in to brush Lucie’s hair out of her eyes. I need to get back to my applications. I’ve been applying to every job I can find, for anything I’m even vaguely qualified for. Secretary positions, office manager positions, personal assistant jobs, even some babysitting gigs. But even for babysitting, I’ve been asked for a résumé a mile long, plus dedicated free hours late in the evenings and on weekends. I can’t do that, not with the twins to look out for. It’ll cost me as much to babysit for someone else as I’d spend on hiring a nanny to watch my kids while I’m away – and by then, what’s the point?
I rub my temples. I have enough in savings to tide us over for a couple of months. I had 6 months expenses set aside for me and one baby – but I didn’t expect to be caring for two kids. I’m screwed if I don’t find a job in the next couple of weeks.
Regretfully, since I hate to leave them, I tiptoe out of the kids’ room. It’s a nice room, painted a cheery yellow, with two cribs (though they cry unless I let them sleep in the same single crib anyway). I won’t be able to afford a space like this soon. My landlord will evict me, I’ll have to move back in with my mother – and the very thought of her makes my skin crawl.
I refuse to let her around the kids without supervision. Not if she’s going to treat them the way she treated me. She used to leave me alone for hours at a time, hopping off to parties or disappearing for weeks to trail some new guy she just met and his band. I was taking care of myself by age six. I refuse to let that happen to my children. Not on my watch.
I boot up my ancient laptop and scroll once more through the local help-wanted ads. I’ve got at least seven different sites open on my browser, but each one offers less openings than the last. It’s all I can do not to tug my hair out or scream.
One of the sites links out to a new board, just for people who live in this area, on the outskirts of Austin. It’s a place to post positions that you want, so that anyone hiring can contact you.
Well. Worth a shot, I figure. I cast a glance over the screen at the children’s room, thinking for a second I hear them stirring.
Whatever will get me a job, I figure.
I fill out a post, advertising my availability for Personal assistant/secretary/jack-of-all-trades positions. I attach my résumé and add some details about myself. It asks for a photo too – must be recent, it says, for some reason. But I figure, no reason to hide who I am. Any position that will work for me right now needs to be flexible about my kids.
So I choose a picture from last month, just before I was fired. It’s me with Luca balanced on one arm and Lucie on the other, all three of us grinning at the camera. It’s the only photo I have where both of them looked at the right place at the right time, and my hair even looks decent in it, which is a miracle lately, given the whole I have twin babies thing.
As soon as I post the ad, Lucie starts to whine – I can tell it’s her by the unique high-pitch in her voice. I leap up from the computer and dart into the room. She’s just fussing in her sleep, but that of course woke up Luca. Pretty soon both of them are yelling for bottles.
It takes me the better part of an hour to feed them and calm them down enough that we can all return to the computer together this time, both of them balanced on my knees.
“What do you think?” I ask them as I open up my email. “Will Mommy find a new job today? She’d better, or we’re all in a bit of trouble…” I jiggle Luca a little, bouncing him on my knee.
To my surprise, there’s an unread message in my inbox, Re: Personal assistant position. Already? I click it open – sure enough, someone saw the ad I posted on that site. Thank god, a lead, at last!
I am looking for a personal assistant to help out around my house, and with some work tasks associated with my business. If you are interested, please let me know – I am a child-friendly employer and very flexible for families. I’m looking for someone to start immediately though, so please respond with your availability as soon as possible if you are interested.
-Cassius Anderson
Below that, he lists a starting salary that, to my shock, is even higher than I was making in the office. My eyes widen. This could be the break that I needed.
I quickly type out a reply – at least, as quickly as I can while juggling the twins. I tell him that I’m available to start as soon as possible, but I won’t be able to come by today, since I don’t have a sitter set up – could I meet him tomorrow?
His reply arrives before I’ve even stood up to go and fetch the binky Luca is crying for.
Not a problem – come by today and bring the children.
I pause for a moment. A quick Google search of his name brings up a professional profile online, as well as more than a few websites. Not to mention some Google images.
Damn.
I stare open-mouthed for a second at the first few images of him. He’s in a suit, at some kind of fancy event, which explains why this photo is available online. If they tagged him correctly. Cassius here is one hell of a hottie.
Shit, those deep gray eyes, his perfectly wavy black hair falling across his forehead, not to mention his sharply cut chin and chiseled cheekbones… I can imagine the way he’d look gazing down at me, taller, in control, but with a deep understanding in his eyes. Unbidden, I start to picture the way it would feel if he bent toward me, caught my lips in his, wrapped those strong, muscular arms around my waist and crushed my body against his. The way his hard chest would feel digging into mine, his lips claiming my mouth…
I shake my head, bringing myself back to reality. Get it together, Manila. You know better than to fall for looks. My ex was a hottie too, and look how he fucking turned out. He left me with nothing to show for our five years together but a whole lot of emotional fuckery and a broken heart.
Thank you for being so considerate, I write to Mr. Hot Future Employer. I will stop by later this afternoon, then.
Then it’s a mad scramble around the house to ready the babies for a trip. I have to pack their bags, make sure I have extra diapers and formula, just in case, and then I try to make myself look somewhat presentable for once. I brush my wild mess of hair into a somewhat straight, neat ponytail, and put on makeup for the first time since I gave birth. After all, Cassius might be way off-limits, but I want to make a good impression. Not only because he’s a potential employer, though I try to fool myself into believing that’s why. It takes me a while to pull up the bus schedule to his place—he lives far from me, downtown in a wealthy neighborhood. It’ll take a while to get there, especially if I have to commute every day. But if this job works out, I’m set. I’ll have enough money to take care of the twins – not to mention an employer who understands the pressure of single motherhood, and seems flexible enough to help me out.
Worth it. No matter what it takes.











3




I’m used to rich guys. I worked for more than a few in my past, and Mark himself, my most recent asshole of a boss, was pretty well off.
None of them had anything on this apartment.
Cassius is right in the heart of downtown, in one of the brand new skyscraper buildings they’ve been putting up for all the newcomers migrating to the newly cool city of Austin. Even from the outside, I can tell he’s rolling in it. But when I enter the lobby and find a doorwoman inside, who directs me to the penthouse – “Mr. Anderson is expecting you,” – I realize I’m on a whole other level with this guy.
“Let me help you,” she offers sweetly, as I’m struggling with the two-seater baby stroller I brought for Luca and Lucie, which was hell to handle on the bus. She helps guide me over to the elevator, hustles me and the twins inside, and pushes the top button for me, swiping a key pad as she does. “Good luck,” she adds just as the doors start to close, and for the first time since I arrived, I feel a spike of nerves.
Good luck? Why? Is there something wrong with this guy?
Crap. What if he’s one of those crazy employers who demands insane things from his employees? Maybe he just invited me to bring the kids and seemed so flexible because he’s such a terror that he can’t keep assistants any other way.
I bite my lower lip, nervous, as the elevator doors ding open.
The elevator opens onto a single apartment. No other door, or lock, or anything. I guess that’s why the elevator had a key card the doorwoman had to swipe.
I’ve never seen an elevator open right into an apartment like this. I push the babies out into the apartment, and the elevator closes behind me.
I’m busy gawking at the apartment – it’s two-stories tall, with an open plan, so I can see straight up over twenty feet to the ceiling, which has huge skylights set into it. Outside the tall glass windows, there’s a wraparound balcony, and beyond the balcony, a gorgeous view of downtown Austin, complete with the rivers and the lush green parks dotted around town, the reason everyone has lately come to love my hometown.
The place is tastefully decorated – not what I pictured if I had to imagine the bachelor pad a man like Cassius would inhabit. There are warm paintings on the walls, scenes of farms and really lovely landscapes. There’s a big fireplace in the middle of the room, complete with a cozy little writing or reading nook beside it, and a ton of bookshelves to boot.
Perfect. I could never like a man who didn’t read.
I shake myself. Not that I need to like Cassius. I just need to be okay enough with him to work for him. And at this point, I could talk myself into working for just about anybody.
That’s when I hear the soft sound of a throat being cleared behind me. I jump and whirl around, and I swear my whole body freezes in place.
Cassius Anderson is even sexier in person than he was in his photos. He’s dressed in slacks and a light blue work shirt, but even through that shirt, I can see the bulge of his pecs, the flat plane of his stomach. He towers over me, 6-foot-something-I-can’t-even-guess. Right now, though, his gray eyes are narrowed and hard, almost glaring down at me.
Shit. What did I do wrong? He told me to bring the kids!
“H-hi, Mr. Anderson,” I say, barely covering my stammer. “Er. I’m Manila Cross, we emailed earlier…”
“I know who you are,” he says. His voice is deep and resounding, a baritone that would normally make me weak at the knees. Right now, however, I’m weak-kneed from nerves instead. “Thank you for coming so promptly.”
He glances down at the stroller I’m pushing, and for a second, I could swear that glare of his softens, melts into something tender and pining. I lean closer to him, unable to help myself. There’s something longing in his eyes, something soft and vulnerable. For a second, he seems familiar, like someone I’ve met before. Someone I could fall for…
“Do you like kids, Mr. Anderson?” I ask. Almost immediately, I could kick myself. What did I ask that for? Why draw attention to the biggest problem any employer will have with me?
His eyes flash back to mine, all business again. Shit. That gaze is penetrating. It’s like he’s looking straight through me, into my very soul. “I like kids,” he replies, something of a small smile playing at the corner of his mouth. “Not always sure they like me.”
“Oh, I can’t imagine why they wouldn’t,” I reply, without thinking. Then I flush. Crap. Stop flirting.
But I can’t really help it. A gaze like that in bed could make a girl go wild… I shiver at the thought of his strong arms around me, wrapping me up, lifting me up from the floor, my body pinned against his as he leans in to claim my mouth…
Then I shake myself back to the present.
He seems to do the same. “Through here please, Ms. Cross.”
I trail after him, a bundle of confusion. He leads me across the open-plan condo – which has warm wood floors and cozily-painted walls, not to mention wood accents everywhere. The office he takes me into even has an exposed brick wall, and an old-fashioned looking desk. Not at all the style I’d expect from a man like Cassius, but I love it. It’s rich but cozy at the same time, fancy and yet you could totally live here. Not like those stark white insane asylum-looking penthouses you see on TV.
He draws to a halt, and I’m so busy gazing around the room that I collide with him. For a second, I feel his body heat against mine. He catches my arm, as if worried that I’ll fall, and I feel the burn of his palm against my skin long after he lets go and brushes off his coat, like he’s dusting me off of him.
My face is flushed as I look around the office once more.
He points to the desk. “These are my files,” he says, his voice curt, orderly. Snapping me back to reality. “I think you’ll find they are in presentable order – I just need them refilled into this drawer here, and my calendar updated and synced to my digital planner…” He leans over to turn on a computer, which unlike the rest of this office is definitely not an antique.
He leads me through the tasks he’d like me to do – refile a stack of papers that are already meticulously organized, and copy his online calendar onto a hanging wall calendar, which he wants me to set up in his own office, adjacent to this one.
All the while that he’s speaking, I can’t help sneaking glances around the room. It’s so neat and orderly in here. There’s nothing out of place, and his files don’t really need updating or anything. Why did he hire me? Normally if someone is looking for a PA, their life is a hot mess and they need things really tidied up.
Just another mystery to add to the long list of things I can’t figure out about this man.
I sneak a sideways glance up at Cassius as I reach into the carriage to pat Luca’s stomach. He’s giggly and happy, and every now and then interrupts Cassius with a loud laugh. His laugh is contagious, and soon enough he gets his sister started too. They’re both giggling, and Cassius actually cracks a smile – the first I’ve seen from him all day. He leans over to stroke Luca’s hair, and my heart does a spinning leap in my chest.
Shit. He’s hot and bossy and he likes kids?
I’m doomed.
“Manila?”
Crap. What was he saying? He’s standing so close to me, his masculine, deep scent flooding my senses. It’s hard to concentrate on anything else. He takes another step closer when I don’t reply, and I catch my breath, counting the inches between us, watching his muscular chest, hoping he doesn’t notice the way mine is rising and falling faster as I try to control my breathing, which is suddenly desperate.
“Mmm?” I ask, hoping that’ll cover. I was a bit distracted staring at the way his muscles ripple underneath his shirt. He’s still got a hand resting on Luca’s carriage, and there’s something so sexy about that, the way he hangs out with the twins like it’s nothing, takes them in stride.
His hard eyes stare dead into my own. “I said, take all the time you need to care for the babies in between this filing. None of it is particularly urgent.” His breath ghosts over my cheeks as he speaks, and it takes my brain a second to register what he said. The excuse he just handed me. Is he really this nonchalant about a job he’s hiring a PA for?
My eyes widen. Seriously, did he just pop out of my imagination? “Are you sure? I don’t mind, if there’s something you want me to focus on right now…”
“Just get acquainted with things. We’ll start on the bigger tasks next week. I don’t want to rush you.” He rests his hand on my shoulder, for just an instant, and every nerve ending in my body fires. We’re just inches apart. So close I can feel his heat on me. I fight an insane, stupid urge to throw myself at him right here and now.
I haven’t gotten any action since giving birth to the twins – actually, no, since before I was even pregnant with them. My sex drive had been idling in the background, mostly forgotten, while I was swept up in parenting and all the crazy problems that come with it.
Now, though, it returns, roaring with a vengeance. There’s something about this man. His body, his looks, his piercing gaze… Not to mention how fucking good he smells. Or the way his gaze seems to drop and take me in, studying my body the way I’m studying his, before he recovers himself and snaps his eyes back to mine, pretending nothing happened. All I can think about is his tight body, the way he could lift me up right now and bend me over this desk before I’d even have time to react. I think about him pushing the slim-fitting work skirt I’m wearing up over my hips, tearing off the tights I’m wearing beneath, his fingers expertly sliding under my panties to yank them down around my knees. He’d undo his own pants, run his cock over my bare ass, teasing me, toying with me, totally in control…
I shiver. What is wrong with me! I force myself back into the present.
“Thank you, Mr. Anderson,” I reply, and startle when he shakes his head, hard.
His hand tightens on my shoulder. “Call me Cassius.”
“Cassius,” I repeat, and his name tastes delicious on my tongue. “I’m Manila.”
There’s that smile again. Not quite a full-on smile, more a teasing little smirk. Just half of his mouth, like it’s smiling against the permission of the other half. “Manila. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
For a long moment, we stare at one another, his gray eyes boring into mine. Then, without warning, he touches my shoulder again, his palm warm and reassuring before he lifts his hand away once more. Already I miss the warm pressure, the feeling of his palm through the thin fabric of my dressy work shirt. “I’ll leave you to it, Manila. Thank you again for taking this on.”
He’s gone without another word, and I’m alone in the room with the paperwork and my babies.
Lucie starts to fuss, and I slip her out of the stroller to bounce her on my knee while I wade into the first stack of papers in front of me. As long as I can keep my imagination just that – in my imagination – this job will be a piece of cake. Everything I could ask for.
I just have to avoid screwing it up by fantasizing too much about my sexy new boss…











4




I’m in a hot tub. Steam surrounds me, obscuring my view – that is, until I feel warm hands wrap around my waist from behind, and spin me slowly in the water. I turn to find Cassius behind me, his sexy, chiseled abs and chest on full display. I run my hands over his body, exploring every inch, until he cups my chin in his strong hand and pulls my face to his, claiming my mouth in a deep, slow kiss. I can feel his thighs under mine, his hips arcing up to meet mine, and his cock growing hard, pressed against my warm, wet pussy. Fuck, I want him so badly. I want him to tear off the thin swimsuit I’m wearing, thrust up into me and take control of my body.
He shakes my shoulder, his hand warm and familiar on my skin. I arch my back, lean into him, moaning slightly, thrusting against him as he shakes me again, harder…
“Manila,” he whispers, and I groan faintly.
“Manila.”
I start awake, jolting upright at the desk. Papers fly everywhere as I sit up, and one sticks to my forehead. I jerk it free, gasping, startled and confused. Where am I?
The location materializes one piece at a time. The computer, in sleep mode in front of me. The stack of papers I’d made it halfway through. The pile now scattered across the floor.
And of course, the man standing beside me, visible out of the corner of my eye. My cheeks burn so hot I could start a forest fire.
I clear my throat. “Cassius,” I greet him, still blushing hardcore.
At least he’s smiling a little. And, to my surprise, he’s cradling Luca in the crook of his arm, feeding him a bottle of warm formula. Luca is sucking away happily, his eyes closed in pleasure, making little mmm-mmm noises that make my heart melt.
I blink at Cassius, still figuring out my surroundings. “Sorry,” I croak, my voice thick with sleep. “What time is it?”
“Almost eleven,” he whispers. I wonder why he’s whispering for a second, until he points with his eyes toward the baby stroller. I glance over my shoulder and see he’s turned the stroller into a makeshift crib. Lucie is already fast asleep in it, curled up, a smile on her face as she dreams. “Are you okay?”
How did he get her to fall asleep without Luca beside her? Normally it’s impossible for me to make one relax without the other one being within sight.
When I glance back at him, he’s smiling fondly at Lucie. God, this man knows the way to a new mommy’s heart.
“Yeah. Of course. Thanks for waking me,” I murmur. Then I stiffen, worried. Oh god. “Did you say eleven?” I blurt, grabbing for my cell phone. Crap.
“Yes. What’s wrong?” His brow furrows.
Oh shit. I got here at 6pm; I’d been planning to leave by 8 to catch the last bus out to my neighborhood in the suburbs. It’s such a long ride, and there are so few public buses that still run the route. Now it’s way too late – buses here stop running at 11pm, at least all the way out into my neighborhood.
“I’ve got to get a cab,” I mumble, hurrying to gather my things, stuffing baby items into my bag willy-nilly. “I missed my bus. Crap crap crap.”
He stops me with a gentle hand wrapped around my wrist. “Manila.”
I glance up at him panicked and wide-eyed. I’m so worried I don’t even notice how close we are, or how concerned and sympathetic the expression on his face is. “It’s going to cost a fortune at this hour, with the mark-ups, and the whole Uber being banned thing.” I’m babbling, I know it, but I can’t stop myself. Argh. This is the worst possible first impression I could make on my future boss!
“Don’t worry about it—” he starts to say, but I interrupt him.
Who even knows if he wants to be my boss after this display. “I’m so sorry,” I add again, cutting over him. “I’m an idiot.”
His frown deepens. “You don’t have a car?”
I hesitate, embarrassed. Then shake my head.
He blinks. “Why on earth not? Do you have your license?”
I grimace. “Of course I do,” I retort, a little annoyed. Then I rub my temples. “I can’t afford a car. Not with the insurance, and repairs and gas and everything…”
“You take buses everywhere?”
I bob my head. “But they won’t be running this late, so I’ll have to call a cab… Which is fine, I just, I didn’t expect—”
He’s already shaking his head, so hard I’m afraid he’s going to drop Luca. Of course, he’s got better hand-eye coordination than me, so he doesn’t. “Just stay here for the night.”
My eyes nearly bulge out of my head. “What? No – I couldn’t – I mean, the twins need their beds, and…”
“I have a spare room,” he says. “There’s a crib in there already. Plus a twin bed for you. Stay.” His eyes bore into mine. Who could say no to a gaze like that? “I insist.”
A little shiver of desire races down my spine. I remember my dream, too little too late. The hot tub, his strong, warm body pressed hard against mine, his hands taking control of me, pulling down my swimsuit and tracing the outline of my pussy, his fingertips just barely brushing my lips…
I shiver again. “Really, it’s too much,” I try to protest, but it sounds weak. Fragile.
He’s already walking away, carrying Luca into the apartment. I pick up Lucie carefully, making sure not to wake her from her sleep. Together, he and I tiptoe across the penthouse, to a small door at the opposite end.
He wasn’t lying. He has a whole spare room, made up and tidy, the bed neat, and a crib beside it. Extra wide, too, just like the one I have them in at home.
Why does he have all this stuff here? Does he have kids too?
That would explain why he’s so good with them. He holds Luca like an experienced father, not a first timer just encountering their first baby.
He lays Luca in the crib, and I notice my son is already snoring faintly. He fell asleep while Cassius was carrying him, and somehow, magically, he doesn’t wake up when Cassius lays him down. I place Lucie beside him, and we stand side-by-side next to the crib for a moment, watching them wrap their tiny hands around one another’s and sigh in their sleep, content.
Then, without a word, we tiptoe out of the room together, as one, easing the door closed behind us.
“Are you really sure about this?” I ask him in the hallway.
“Trust me, Manila.” He glances over at me. His eyes travel up and down my body, and for a sudden startled second, I wonder if he’s thinking the same thing that I am. About the space between us – or lack thereof right now. About how easy it would be for me to take one step closer to him, wrap my arms around his neck and lean into his body. He’s staring at me almost hungrily, like he wants me as badly as I want him.
For the first time since long before I had the kids – since before my last string of shitty exes, one guy who told me I wasn’t hot enough for him after the next – I suddenly feel attractive. No, more than attractive.
I feel sexy as hell, the way he’s undressing me with his eyes.
“Okay,” I respond, belatedly. Surely he’s noticed how out of breath I am, how long it took me to reply. How intently I’m staring at his chest. He’s watching me the same way, taking in my body. We want each other. I can feel it, taste it…
He leans closer, and my lips part, my eyes dropping to study his mouth. His three-day stubble stands out, dark against his tan jaw, and his mouth parts slightly too, like he’s about to close the last few inches between us…
“Sleep well,” he says. Then he brushes past me up the hallway.
I stand there, frozen, staring after him. Until I hear the distant slam of a door, and realize he’s gone into his own bedroom suite.
What the hell was that?  I wonder, gazing down the empty hallway.
I shake my head. Doesn’t matter. He’s giving me a job, and a place to stay for the night to boot. That’s all I need to know for now.











5




Cassius’s strange spare room not only has a crib in it, but also a full wardrobe of spare clothes. There are a few women’s clothes mingled in, and I feel a little guilty when I pull out a spare T-shirt and pajama shorts to wear. But it’s either this or put my work dress back on to deal with babies, and frankly, this seems like the lesser of two evils. I’m Cassius’s girlfriend won’t mind me borrowing this shirt as long as I wash it after. It looks pretty worn-out.
Not going to lie, though, I feel more than a little jealous at discovering these clothes. I slip on the shorts and shirt, wondering who the lucky woman who snagged a guy like Cassius is. She must be hot as hell – probably some towering European model with millionaire parents or something.
Someone the complete opposite of me, sitting here with bags under my eyes and my hair a wild mess, feeding the babies as I blink sleep out of my eyes. Like always, they woke me far earlier than I’d prefer. I love them but damn, how long until they’re old enough to sleep in to a reasonable hour in the mornings?
Once they’re fed and reasonably settled again, I decide that going back to sleep will be impossible. I’m wide awake by now – and thinking way too hard about who this mystery woman of Cassius’s must be.
As I pad barefoot out into the kitchen to start on breakfast, I tell myself it’s unfair to be jealous. After all, I don’t know this girl at all. She’s probably really nice. And cool.
But ugh, life is so unfair sometimes.
I root through the fridge. Yep, no way this guy is single – there’s actually food in here. I fish out some eggs, cheese, mushrooms and green peppers. Omelets are one of my favorite comfort foods, and it’s the least I can do to make Cassius breakfast after he so graciously let me crash here last night. After I missed my bus like an idiot.
Great first impressions all around, Manila, I think bitterly.
I’ve finished the omelets and have moved on to frying some bacon when my spine suddenly starts to tingle. I turn around to find Cassius leaning against the doorway, watching me, his expression unreadable.
So much for telling myself not to be jealous. Fuck that other girl, I think, staring at him wide-eyed for a second. He’s just the perfect amount of sleep-tousled, his hair a wavy mess around his forehead, dressed in sweatpants that sag just far enough down his hips that I can follow his happy trail a little too well – someone does not wear boxers to bed. And his T-shirt is tight as hell, hugging him closely enough that I can make out every line and cut of his muscular body.
I want to be that damn shirt.
“Good morning,” he says, his voice somehow deeper, sexier than I remembered.
I swallow hard. He’s still staring, blatantly letting his eyes roam over me. I clear my throat, searching for something to break the silence. Is he mad I borrowed his girlfriend’s shirt?
“I, uh, I found this in the spare room,” I finally stammer. My voice sounds overloud and awkward in the huge kitchen. “I hope it’s okay with your girlfriend that I borrowed them.”
“They aren’t my girlfriend’s,” he replies flatly.
Well. That’s not exactly helpful. Does that mean he has a girlfriend but these aren’t hers, or…? I shake myself internally. Stop trying to hit on your boss! “Oh. Well, I’ll wash them and bring them back, whoever’s they are…”
“They’re yours now,” he says, then he strides across the kitchen toward the coffee maker, which has just started to bubble faintly.
I step in front of him to block his path. “I’ll get it.”
He nearly walks straight into me, and for a second, I stare up at him, nose nearly touching his chest. He holds my gaze, searching. I swear I can feel my pulse beating in my fingertips, my toes, and every inch of my body. He can probably hear it at this rate, the way my heart is thumping.
“Thank you, Manila,” he says, and his breath ghosts across my cheeks, mint-fresh. Someone brushed his teeth before he came in here. Would he normally do that or…?
Here I go overthinking this all again. But I can’t help it, with him standing so close I can feel the heat of his body.
“No problem,” I manage to reply, before I whirl back to the bacon. Crap. It’s about to burn. I grab the handle, flipping it onto a plate. But I didn’t think ahead – I forgot it’s not like my pan at home with the heat-proof handle. I cry out and drop the hot pan to the stove with a clatter, shaking my hand.
“Shit,” I curse, backing away from the stove. Ouch.
Before I can react, Cassius grabs my shoulders and practically picks me up, whirling me around to the sink. He turns on the water, takes my hand and holds it under the tap. His skin is hot on mine, the water freezing, and he’s still got his other arm around my shoulders, holding me in place. But we move so fast that the sink splashes us both, flecks of water scattering across our T-shirts.
Fucking hell. I can see through his shirt now, at stomach height, his abs on full display. I swear my whole body clenches in anticipation – especially my pussy. I’m getting wet just standing close to him, the conflicting sensations of the freezing cold water and his hot skin driving me wild.
“Th-thanks,” I sputter.
“You have to be more careful.” He gazes down at me, his face a mask of concern. “How does it feel?”
I flex my fingers and wince. “Not great, but I’ve had worse. It’ll be fine.”
We’re face-to-face, barely an inch apart. If I lean toward him just a few inches, we’ll be touching, his strong, muscular chest pressed against my body… He’s staring at me, too, fixed and focused, like he’s thinking the same thing.
Is he?
I watch his throat contract as he swallows – hard, and I inhale faintly. He smells amazing, like fresh clothes from the dryer and mint and a deeper, masculine scent underneath that’s all him. I want to kiss him, grab him, let him take me right here… He could push me up against the sink, pin me in place and take whatever he wants. It’s hard to breathe, and there’s a weight between my legs, like my clit has swollen in size with desire.
“Manila…” He releases my wrist, and suddenly I ache a whole lot more, though not from the injury. Damn. “Are you sure you’re all right?”
“Cassius,” I say, not sure where I’m going with this – there’s clearly something here, tension we both feel, but what am I supposed to say? “I—I don’t…”
Luckily I don’t have to think anymore.
Without warning, he wraps his arms around me, lifts me off the ground as his mouth collides with mine. I fold my arms around his neck and kiss him back, as hard as I can. His lips part, his tongue tangling with mine. My chest digs into his, soft against hard, and I lift one leg to wrap it around his waist. The moment I do, I feel his hard, thick cock pressed against my thigh, free underneath his loose sweatpants.
I’m lost in the kiss, oblivious to everything else around us – the water, the burn on my hand, the bacon still burning on the stove. I just don’t want him to ever stop touching me. His hands slide down my back, cupping my ass, pulling me tight against him, and I grind my hips, pinning his cock between us.
His lips are soft, his mouth hard, and his stubble scrapes my cheek as he turns to kiss along my jaw, down my neck. I gasp faintly, and –
Luca starts to cry.
Shit.
Nothing else in the world could have pulled me out of the trance I’d fallen into just now, aside from that. I pull away from him, cursing under my breath, and Cassius drops me back onto my feet.
Luca’s wailing sets off Lucie, and pretty soon they’re both howling. I sprint from the room without a backwards glance or another word.
What the hell was that?
My heart is still racing when I reach the kids. I pick up Luca first, bounce him lightly as I lean over the crib to tickle Lucie’s stomach. It takes me the better part of half an hour to calm them down, which at least gives me enough time to get my racing, out-of-control heart under control.
My body feels shaky, jittery, like I just ran a dozen miles. Adrenaline, I guess. I just keep picturing Cassius’s expression, so cold and distant one moment, then warm and concerned the next. The way he took care of me when I burned myself, the way he leapt into action, makes me think he’s used to that – taking care of people. He’s got this sweet, caring side that I didn’t see before.
But I should have. I mean, he let me stay over here, let me bring the kids along, after barely knowing me. He gave me this job, when he clearly could do without me – he seems like he keeps his information well organized without an assistant.
Why is he doing all of this?
I glance down at my T-shirt, still damp from the sink spray. And who does this belong to? His last assistant? An ex-girlfriend? What’s the story with this spare room, made up for kids? Does he have a wife, babies? It would explain the caring attitude, and the way he was used to dealing with an emergency like a burned hand…
I shake my head. No way can I get involved with a married man. If he hired me because he’s looking for a side chick, he’s got another thing coming.
Luca and Lucie finally calm down enough that I can move them into their stroller and wheel them out into the kitchen – it works in place of a high chair in a pinch.
But once I reach the kitchen, I find it empty. Cassius must have gone to finish getting ready. He ate one of the omelets, I notice, and washed and put away his plate already. The bacon was ruined – I find the remnants in the trash, and the pan soaking in the sink, full of soapy water.
I still can’t figure him out.
I eat my omelet while playing with the twins, trying not to think about him. But the second I hear footsteps in the hallway, my heart leaps into my throat, and I spin around, anxious to see him again.
“Cassius, I’m sorry about –” I pause, blinking.
He’s in a suit, complete with tie, crisp and pressed. His expression is back to the one he wore when he first met me, dead serious. Not warm or caring at all. “I have a meeting,” he says. “You found everything you needed in the office yesterday, I trust?”
I blink and nod slowly. “Yes, everything was there…”
“Good. Then you can get back to work while I’m out.” Without another word, he’s gone.
I stare after him, frowning. That kiss, the feeling of his body against mine, is still all I can think about.
What would have happened if the babies hadn’t interrupted…?
I guess we’ll never know.











6




I work until late afternoon, when I hear the elevator open again. I’ve made good headway – refiled everything he showed me yesterday, got his calendar transferred, and even started sorting out some spare drawers I found in the office, other papers, older ones, that seem like they could use re-organization.
But when the elevator sounds, I push back from the desk, give the babies a quick pat – they’ve been so well-behaved and calm all day – and head into the hallway.
“Cassius?”
“Good afternoon.” He’s still got his formal face on, suit and all. He meets me in the hall, not quite willing to meet my eye. “How have you been getting along?”
“Fine. I finished the filing. But I need to catch the bus home in a half an hour, so –”
“No need to inconvenience yourself. I’ll have my driver take you whenever and wherever you need to go.”
I blink. “I take the bus every day, it’s not a problem. I just need to pack up the twins.”
“Public transit with children cannot be easy,” he counters.
My face flushes a little. “Well, no. But I’m used to it.”
“So why not take my driver?” he asks, seeming genuinely puzzled.
“I didn’t – I just don’t want to be an inconvenience,” I mumble.
He watches me for another long moment, studying me. Then he starts to walk away, beckoning over his shoulder for me to follow. “I have an idea.”
“What do you mean?” I frown, following him.
Ugh. One moment he’s being overly kind, the next he’s acting like I should obey his every whim. What is with him?
“Get the twins’ things,” he says, waiting beside the elevator. “I’ll explain downstairs.”
Rich guys, I decide, resisting the urge to roll my eyes. But hey, he is paying me. So I grab the kids’ diaper bag, pack up the room I stayed in last night, and then I follow him to the elevator. He hits the lowest floor, below the first. I watch him out of the corner of my eye, confused.
For his part, he’s still avoiding me. This time, though, he avoids me by staring at the kids instead. He sticks his tongue out, and Lucie giggles. Then he crosses his eyes and manages to get Luca smiling too.
If he acted like this all the time, I think I’d be doomed. It’s too sweet, the way he plays with them.
We reach the bottom floor, and he waves me out first. I push the stroller into an underground garage. There’s a few dozen cars parked here, but he passes them all, walks right toward a separate garage, partitioned off from the rest with a locked door. He opens it, and I swallow a gasp as we step inside.
There’s about ten cars in here, all sparkling clean. They range from a few vintage models – iconic cars like a Thunderbird that even I recognize, and I know nothing about cars.
But he passes those and walks straight to a brand new BMW. It looks like it hasn’t been driven at all yet; it’s cherry red, with a roll-down top, and a surprisingly roomy set of seats.
“This will probably work best,” he’s saying, tapping the hood before he strides past the car to a storage locker on the far side of the room.
“Work best for what?” I ask. Then he opens the locker, and my mouth actually does drop open.
He pulls out not just one, but two car seats – rear-facing, designed for children the twins’ age, and tucks one under each arm, carrying them back toward the car.
“Seriously,” I say, almost laughing now. “The bus seems easier at this point.”
“Once we have this set up, it won’t be any inconvenience at all,” he points out. He fastens one car seat into the back, and I give up and cross the garage to join and help him buckle in the other.
“But you’ll have to take these in and out all the time. What a pain.”
He catches my eye. “No I won’t. This car will be yours.” He pats the seats again, and my eyes must pop out of my head like a cartoon’s.
“Cassius, I cannot accept a car from you.”
“It’s a loan. As for tonight, you can drive home and fetch what you need – it should all fit in the trunk, this one has a surprisingly roomy trunk. Just come back this evening and we’ll get you settled into the spare room.”
“I can’t move in with you,” I reply instinctively.
“Why not?” He blinks, then frowns a little.  The coldness from earlier is gone; he’s warm and open again, his expression concerned. “Oh, do you have a partner? My mistake –”
I’m shaking my head hard, interrupting him. “No, of course not.” I bite my tongue – I almost referenced our moment in the kitchen earlier. But he must be avoiding talking about it for a reason – he probably doesn’t want to think about it just now. So fine. I shake my head again. “Nothing like that, I just… I have an apartment, I live there already –”
“Do you like it?” he asks.
“No!” I exclaim, then laugh a little. I can’t help it. “That’s not the point, Cassius.”
“What is the point? It seems simple enough for you to stay here. I have the spare room. The twins are all right in that crib, yes? Or should I buy a second one.”
“They’re fine.” I let out a huge sigh. “It’s just… Why are you doing all this for me?”
“I want to,” he replies simply.
We stare at one another for a long moment, over the roof of the car. The tension we felt earlier in the kitchen is back again, palpable. His eyes dilate, and I’m sure my face is flushed, what with how much heat is flooding to it right now.
I swallow hard, to try and wake myself up. “Are you looking for a live-in assistant?” I finally ask. “You didn’t mention that in the ad…”
He seems to shake himself, too. “It’s the only way to make sure you can get enough work done to justify hiring you.”
He sets the keys on the hood of the car and walks out of the garage. I stare after him, my mouth wide open once more. I feel like I keep doing that around him, but I can’t help it. He confuses the shit out of me.
What now? He’s hot and cold, warm and frigid. I can’t keep track of these mood swings, much less figure out what on earth I’ve done to cause them.
Worse, he didn’t give me a chance to decline this invitation.
I can’t lie, the thought of staying with him another night, in this gorgeous, cozy apartment, with my twins close by, and a huge stocked kitchen full of food just outside, is tempting.
When you factor in the ridiculously sexy man just down the hall, sleeping in his own bed, probably naked, his muscular body twined in the sheets, his handsome face relaxed…
Yeah, okay, I really do want to stay here. Especially if it means another moment like we had in the kitchen. Or finding out what would happen if we kissed and the twins didn’t start to cry…
A shiver runs down my spine, and another pulse of desire throbs in my stomach, twining down through me until my pussy clenches with it.
Fine. He wins this round. I buckle the twins into their car seats, climb behind the wheel, and enjoy the crazy smooth drive out of the garage, toward my shitty apartment, and the old life I want badly to just leave behind.











7




I get back a few hours later—it took me a while to find all of the twins’ supplies for a few nights, since I figure if Cassius was this weird about letting me leave tonight, he’ll probably want me to stay the rest of the week. But finally, I have everything together, including some semi- appropriate professional clothes for myself. Judging by Cassius’s suit this morning, he’ll appreciate if I put in an effort and wear a skirt and a nice jacket, even if I am just commuting from his spare room to his spare office.
The whole drive back to his place, I can’t stop wondering about my new mystery boss. His changeable moods, the way he seems too happy and content to have me and the twins around one moment, and the next he seems annoyed that I haven’t done enough at work, or sometimes he seems almost angry with me.
Plus, I cannot stop thinking about our one, searing, unforgettable kiss… The feeling of his hard body against mine, his strong arms around my waist… and of course, his thick cock digging into my hip.
Okay, so it’s been a long time since I’ve gotten laid. But also, there’s an undeniable attraction between us. Every time we’re in the same room, the air feels magnetized, charged with electricity.
All day at work I kept catching myself drifting into fantasies, thinking about him barging in to finish what we started. Picking me up and laying me down across that desk, tossing all the papers to the floor as he hikes up my skirt and draws down my panties with his teeth… I shiver, feeling a growing dampness between my thighs as I think about how he’d take me. He seems like the kind of man who would make me come first, licking me wet before he fucked me, hard.
Get your head on straight, Manila, I scold myself. He’s my boss, after all, for all that he doesn’t act like it. What kind of boss wants their personal assistant to live down the hall with her twin kids, after all?
By the time I pull up in front of his complex, it’s dark out. I pull into the garage, busying myself with the twins’ car seats.
“Let me help,” someone calls.
I bump my head on the roof of the car and wince, rubbing it, as I turn around to see Cassius’s doorwoman hurrying my way.
“I saw you pull in,” she says as she reaches me, and points overhead. Of course. Security cameras. “You shouldn’t be stuck with these two adorable babies all on your own,” she’s tutting as she expertly unbuckles Luca and unfolds his stroller from the trunk. “Next time I see Mr. Anderson, I’m telling him he needs to treat his new woman better,” she adds, shaking her head.
“Oh, I—” My cheeks flare red-hot. “We’re not… Uh. I’m Mr. Anderson’s assistant,” I finally managed to stammer.
She stops in the middle of preparing the stroller to blink. Clearly she’s surprised, though she’s too polite to say so. “My apologies,” she says, after a long pause. Then she glances back and forth from me to the kids and the car again, doubtless wondering the same thing I am—why is Mr. Anderson’s assistant coming to his house at night with her children, clearly ready to spend the night?
Lady, I wish I could tell you.
“I’m Manila, by the way,” I tell her as I lift Luca out of the car and buckle him into the stroller. “What’s your name?”
“Amy.” She smiles. “You’re lucky—you’ve got a good boss. Mr. Anderson is my best tenant. Not to mention the most attractive.”
I flush again as I lean across the backseat to grab Lucie. I’m glad my head is buried in the car so she can’t see my face just now. When I slide back out with Lucie in hand, I’ve gotten the blush under control. “He’s good looking, I suppose,” I agree, reaching for the twins’ overnight bag.
Amy beats me to it, and shoulders the bag, leading me toward the elevator. “Oh, you more than suppose.” Her eyes catch mine, twinkling with amusement. “That or you must not swing his way, because anyone with eyes can tell he’s a catch.”
I swallow hard. Here it is. My chance to ask her about Cassius’s life. Maybe there isn’t a woman involved. If his doorwoman thinks I’m the new girl, then he must have gotten rid of the old one by now. Or maybe Amy is just too professional to break the news to one girl that he’s got another on the side. He could be a regular player, the kind of guy with a different girl every week, plus a few bonus chicks in different zip codes…
Before I can decide how to broach the topic, or even what to ask Amy, the elevator doors ping open, and Cassius steps out.
“Finally,” he says, glancing between me and Amy.
“Mr. Anderson,” Amy greets him with a broad smile as she hands over my overnight bag, “I was just getting to know your charming new assistant. She’s quite lovely.” Amy grins up at him, and oh my god, is she pulling the same thing on him that she just did on me?
What a little mischievous matchmaker.
“Thanks so much for your help,” I say loudly, interrupting any potentially embarrassing announcement she was about to make. “See you tomorrow!”
Amy takes the hint, though not without winking at me as she leaves. “Enjoy your night,” she calls over her shoulder, one last parting shot as she leaves for the front door, and we step into the elevator together, the twins’ stroller between us.
“That took quite a long time,” Cassius says as the elevator leaps upward.
“Well, it takes a minute, packing for twins,” I counter, annoyed. I went through all this trouble, came all the way back here at the end of the night just to stay in the room he’s decided he must have me live out of, and he’s complaining about how long it took?
“You needn’t have worried,” he replies as we reach the top floor. I open my mouth to ask what he means, but he’s already striding away up the hall.
No matter. My question gets answered a minute later, when I roll the babies into the spare room.
Cassius has been busy while I was gone.
The room is full of stuff. A second crib, slightly larger than the first. Clothing, sized perfectly for the twins—everything from adorable little matching pajamas to going-out outfits—a dress for Lucie and a miniature suit and tie for Luca. There are play clothes, shoes, socks, a stack of diapers… Even some clothes sized a little larger, presumably for them to grow into.
I stand on the threshold, gaping, open-mouthed with shock. I don’t know what to do.
I never had a baby shower. Everything the twins own, I bought myself, because God knows my mother wouldn’t even consider buying them a single present. “Nobody helped me with you,” she said the day they were born, even though I know for a fact that’s a lie. My dad was right by her side every step of the way, taking care of everything—taking care of me and her, right up until the day he died.
Staring at this room feels like stepping into the surprise baby shower I never expected. Everything I need is here, and then some. My surprise only grows when I open the closet and find the old clothes I’d worn this morning gone. Brand new dresses, skirts, shirts and pajamas hang in their place. Even some jeans, which are laughably fancy. I guess that’s Cassius’s idea of casual pants.
More shocking, they’re all exactly my size. A shiver races down my spine, as I realize what that means—how closely Cassius must have been paying attention to my body.
I can’t help imagining his eyes all over me, devouring me, studying me. Figuring me out, better than I know myself.
Fuck.
Luca fusses quietly, which is the only thing that drags me out of my stupor. I unwrap the brand new diapers and change him, then Lucie, dressing them both in duckie pajamas with little footies that are too damn cute. I take my time, tickling them, playing with them, as we get ready. Moments like this, I can’t believe the twins are real—these are my babies, and this is my life. How did I get so lucky?
I feed them with formula I find in the empty kitchen, a better brand than the kind I was using. Once they’re both sleeping soundly, I tiptoe out of the room and to find Cassius.
His study is empty, and his bedroom door is wide open, but when I peek inside, ignoring a little thrill at the sight of his broad king-size bed, and all the thoughts that provokes about the things he could do to me in that bed, it’s empty.
I pace back to the kitchen and find him at the stove, stir-fry sizzling in a pan before him.
“What are you doing?” I ask, noticing how much food is in the pan.
“What does it look like?” he responds, his back to me, not meeting my eye. “Making dinner.”
“Why?” I spread my arms. “Why all of this?”
“You made breakfast,” he replies simply, dodging my question, pretending he thinks I’m only asking about dinner. “Can’t I do something nice for my new employee?”
“Thank you for dinner.” I raise an eyebrow. “But…”
“But what?” he prompts.
I shouldn’t. I know I shouldn’t. I should just roll with this, take the dinner, not ask too many questions. But it’s all so damn confusing. The way he’s hot and cold on and off. “Why are you being so nice to me?” I ask, after a long pause, during which he waits, patiently, watching me. “You don’t even like me much.”
“Don’t I?” His eyes meet mine. Searing gray eyes that bore holes through me.
I straighten my back, square my shoulders. I won’t let him distract me this easily again. “You sure don’t act like it. You tell me I need to stay here to be worth hiring, you keep dismissing me or ignoring me—anytime we do talk I barely get two-word sentences out of you.”
He just watches me quietly, until I sputter into silence. Then he turns back to the stove. “With kale or without?”
Frustrated, I collapse into a chair at the kitchen table. “With,” I reply, defeated. Clearly he’s not going to explain what’s going on, why he dislikes me. I guess I just have to appreciate his kind gestures, and ignore his cold-as-ice attitude. Could be worse…
Except that I don’t want coldness between us. I want heat. I want fire. I want his hands all over my body, pulling me to him, his lips crushing mine and his hard body running along my length…
He sets a plate in front of me and I force myself out of that impossible fantasy. I take a bite of his stir-fry, though I can already tell from the scent that this will be frustrating.
It’s delicious, damn him.
Hot, wealthy, a great cook, generous when he wants to be, great with kids… This man has everything.
Which is why I am not convinced he doesn’t have a partner, too. Some lucky woman must have snatched him up years ago. I think about the clothes I found in the spare room this morning, as I pick through the food. “So, Cassius.”
He just looks at me, expectant. God, I love the silent type, but he’s intimidatingly so.
I swallow a bite of stir-fried mushrooms for courage. “Do you live alone?” I ask, once I’ve washed that down with a sip of water.
“I do, yes.”
Hmm. A good sign toward singleness. Then again, if he’s just a playboy…
I’m still debating whether I should outright ask if there’s anyone in the picture when, to my surprise, he speaks up.
“You do too, Manila.”
The sound of my name on his lips makes my chest ache and my groin tighten. But then I register what he’s said, and laugh bitterly. “Is it that obvious?”
“Only because you said you don’t have a partner, earlier.”
Oh. Right. Duh. My cheeks flare again. “Yeah, well…” I shrug one shoulder. “Guess I’m not the partnering type.”
Cassius leans forward, a furrow of concern between his brows. “Why do you say that?”
“Just…” Inadvertently, I glance toward the twins’ room. “Anytime I’ve tried the whole relationship thing, it always seems to go badly. Maybe it’s just not meant to be for me.”
“I don’t believe that for a moment,” he replies, with more heat in his voice than I’d expect. When I glance up again, he’s staring at me, intense and caring all at once. “What happened, if you don’t mind my asking?”
I tilt my head to one side, confused. “What happened with what?”
“Your ex.” He, too, glances toward the twins’ room.
I frown. “Which one?”
He blinks, squirming a little in his chair. “I… Well, I assumed there had been someone in the picture. When you had Luca and Lucie.”
I shake my head, laughing a little again. “I gave up on relationships long before they came around. Luca and Lucie don’t have a father.”
His face visibly tightens as I say that, his eyes narrowing and his mouth clamping tight.
Oh god. I can already imagine what he’s thinking. That I just had some one-night stand or… I hold up my hands, as if to tell him to stop. “It’s nothing weird. I just really wanted children, and I was at a point in my life where I had a stable job, and enough income to support—well.” I laugh softly. “To support one child, but I got lucky with a bonus prize.”
He’s still watching me, so intently that the air starts to do that magnetizing thing again. Every hair on my body rises, even as my shoulders turn toward him and I seem to gravitate toward him, leaning in slowly against my will.
“I was artificially inseminated,” I explain. “They’re test tube babies.” I smile sideways. “Best decision I ever made, no matter how difficult it might get.”
“Would you consider letting a man into your life now?” he asks, and I swear I nearly fall out of my seat in shock.
Why is he asking this? Is he actually thinking about…
But no. I’ve seen the way he is. Hot and cold. On and off. He’s just making small talk. Dinner conversation.
So I tell myself. But I also notice that neither of us has continued eating. Fine, if he wants to play this game… “What about you?” I reply, and I’m gratified by the slight startle in his eyes. “Why are you still single? You’re rich, you clearly love children, not to mention you’re hot as hell.”
To my satisfaction, his cheeks tinge the faintest pink at that last comment. “We’re talking about you right now,” he counters, and I notice that he’s leaning in too. We’re just inches apart, his breath on my cheeks, only the tabletop between us. “So come on. Would you consider lifting your ban on men, or have you sworn them off for good?”
His foot brushes mine under the table, and I jolt at the electric shock that sings through me. “I—I don’t…. Um…”
He grins slightly, clearly enjoying my discomfort.
I shake my head to clear it. “I haven’t sworn them off forever, I just… It would have to be the right man. You know. Someone who cared about children, someone who understood the responsibility that comes with dating a woman with kids. Someone who I can tell likes the twins, who would make a good father, like—”
I freeze, stopping myself dead.
He’s barely an inch away from me now. Those gray eyes of his are flecked with yellow at the centers, like tiny sunbursts. I can’t look away. “Like who, Manila?” he whispers.
“Like you,” I hear myself say, and I swear I can already feel his lips again, kissing me, claiming me…
But he doesn’t move.
I count breaths in the silence, listen to the racing pulse in my chest. He’s breathing faster too, I can feel it against my cheeks, hot as flames.
But then his eyes break from mine, and he glances down at the table between us. “You don’t need to lie to me,” he murmurs faintly, pushing away from the table. He picks up our plates, but I catch his wrist and stand beside him, holding him there, my fingers burning where they wrap around his wrist.
“I’m not lying. I’ve seen you, the way you are with the twins. I would never lie about that. You’re a good man, Cassius.”
His eyes snap back to mine, white-hot, wide with surprise.
“Even if you act cold sometimes,” I add, smirking slightly.
Then I can’t say anything else, because he grabs my chin in his fingers and tilts my head up toward is. When our lips finally collide, it feels like the kind of kiss I’ve spent years waiting for. Hot and cold at once, all consuming.
He wraps his arms around me, hands on my hips, and I arch onto my tiptoes, kissing him back with everything I have. His tongue parts my lips, tastes me, and I breathe in his heady scent, unable to get enough.
“Manila,” he groans, and just like that, I’m a goner. He grips my ass, lifts me slightly to slide his feet under mine. We walk like that, me balanced on his feet, backwards out of the kitchen. “I need to fuck you,” he says, his voice low and guttural.
“Take me.” I look up at him, arms around his neck, feeling every inch of his sinuous body against mine, including his cock, thick and hard where it digs into my stomach. “Do whatever you want to me, Cassius, I want you.”
I think he’s headed toward the bedroom, but clearly neither of us can wait to make it that far. At the living room couch, he tosses me down backwards, then lies down over me, his hot mouth tracing down my neck, my chest, his hands sliding underneath my shirt. His teeth graze my collarbone lightly and my whole body shivers in response.
“God, you are fucking gorgeous, Manila,” he breathes.
I press my hands flat to his washboard abs and push his shirt up out of the way. He breaks contact with me for a second to yank it over his head and toss it aside, then he’s back, kissing and sucking at my neck, his tongue caressing my skin.
“Mm, and you taste amazing…”
I run my hands up to his shoulders, along the sides of his jaw to tilt his head toward mine. “I want to feel your body against mine,” I say.
He slides my shirt off, unclasps my bra almost before I have time to blink, and bends to flick his tongue across my nipples, one after the other. I arch my back and gasp, digging my nails into his bare back.
He growls softly at that, a low, animal sound, and slides back up to claim my mouth in a deep kiss again, his chest digging into mine. My nipples are hard as diamonds, rubbing against his solid, muscular body. I can’t stop running my hands along his back, his sides, his abs, savoring the feel of his muscular form. Fucking hell, he could be a GQ model with this body.
He grins down at me, knowing the effect he has on me, enjoying it. “I can’t wait to make you beg for me,” he whispers.
He’s touching me everywhere, his hands exploring every inch of me, like he’s trying to memorize me. His hands knead my breasts, circle my nipples, teasing, building my anticipation until every brush of his skin on mine makes me shiver.
“Cassius…”
Then he flattens his palm against my chest and slides his hand under the hem of my jeans. His fingers delve under my panties, circling my mound, as he kisses me again, harder. We both moan into the kiss, as his fingers inch ever closer to my clit, the red-hot center of my body. It feels swollen and heavy with want.
Like the torturer that he is, he slides right around my clit and parts my pussy lips with his fingers instead, trailing his fingers along my slit. I can feel how wet I am, and he grins, his lips smiling where they’re still pressed to mine. He pulls away just far enough to gaze down at me, eyes lidded with desire.
“You feel how wet you are?” he murmurs.
“For you,” I whisper, arching up to meet him. His cock digs into my hip, and I grind against him, desperate, needing him.
But I won’t beg. Not yet.
He pushes me back to the couch, smirking. “Ah, ah. You think I’m going to let you come that easily, my dirty little girl?”
I swallow hard. “Maybe?” I try, catching his eye with a spark in mine.
His grin widens. “Oh, Manila. We are only just getting started. I am going to drive you wild…” His finger circles my lips again, then up across my mound. Everywhere but my clit, everywhere but the throbbing pulse begging to be touched. Damn him.
I gasp faintly as he spreads my pussy lips wider, and slides one finger inside me, an inch at a time. “Yes, yes, right there…”
He stops halfway inside me and licks my lips. “Tell me, Manila, have you fantasized about me?”
“Yes,” I gasp, my back arching.
His finger slides deeper inside me, all the way in. “Good. Because I have fantasized about you, too. All night. All day.” He nips my neck, just hard enough for a pleasant sting of pain.
He slides another finger into me and I groan louder.
“I can’t stop thinking about you. About all the ways I want to fuck you. The things I’m going to do to your beautiful, sexy little body…”
He adds a third finger, filling me, and I feel the stretch all throughout my body, my toes curling with sheer pleasure. Then he crooks his fingers, and presses hard against the front wall of my pussy, raking down my pussy until I cry out faintly, when he grazes my G-spot.
“I want to make you come until you can’t even remember your own name. Until you beg me to stop—and then I’m going to make you come again. How do you like the sound of that, Manila?” He leans up to watch me again, drinking in my pleasure like a drug as he fingers my G-spot, making my hips rise up off the couch and my mouth part with a gasp.
“Yes, please, fuck…” I manage to groan.
He slides his fingers out of me, then without warning thrusts them back inside, pulls them out again, thrusts in, finding a rhythm. All the while, he keeps his fingers bent, grazing my sensitive walls. “And once I’ve made you come enough times that I’m satisfied, do you know what I’m going to do?” He thrusts his hips against mine, in time with his hands. His finger-fucking feels like he’s fucking me with his cock, except he curls those fingers, winds them inside me, feeling all my walls at once, driving me wild.
I’m right at the edge, almost to orgasm, my whole body trembling in anticipation. So close so close fuck fuck fuck…
And then he stops.
I actually cry out in protest, my hips arching as I try to reach his hand. When I open my eyes—when did I close them? I don’t even remember—Cassius is gazing down at me in unmasked pleasure. His eyes devour me whole, drinking in every inch of my body, and I feel completely naked, even with my jeans still hanging off my hips.
“Do you want to come for me, Manila?” he asks, his voice low and seductive.
“Yes,” I pant, because I can’t do anything else. My body is still poised on the edge, screaming for the release he withheld.
His smile widens. “Tell me you want to come for me.”
“Please, Cassius, let me come for you.”
In one swift motion, he tugs my jeans off, taking my panties with them. Then, before I can react, he spreads my legs, tosses them over his shoulders, and slides down between my thighs.
His stubble grazes my inner thighs, rough and shocking. I shiver and arch my back, lifting my ass off the couch in my eagerness to press closer to him. But he’s still a tease. He takes his time, licks slowly up my thighs, one after the other. Letting me feel the contrast of his warm, soft tongue on my skin and his stubble grazing my other thigh. Making me hot and then cold again when his mouth leaves my skin. He kisses the crook where my thigh meets my hipbones, trails his tongue over my smooth-shaved mound, then slowly, tauntingly, trails his tongue up my slit. He licks each of my pussy lips individually, up, up, up, higher and closer to my clit… and then he slides his tongue back down, parting my ass with his hands, squeezing hard as his tongue slides over my ass too, tasting every inch of me. He’s hungry, he can’t get enough, and it’s making me wet as hell.
“Fuck, Cassius.” My eyes are half-lidded, and I dig my fingers into his hair, my breathing hard, heart pounding. “Your tongue feels amazing.”
He pauses to grin up at me, catching my eye. There’s something so damn hot about watching him between my thighs, that sexy smirk on his lips. “You taste so good, I could eat you out all day, Manila.”
“Don’t tease a girl,” I whisper, tangling my fingers deeper in his thick, dark hair.
“What’s the matter?” he asks. Then, quick as a flash, his tongue lashes across my clit in a long, slow stroke. My whole body goes electric—my hips rise off the couch again, and my eyes flutter shut as I moan in response. I felt that shock in every inch of my body, all the way down to my toes.
I want more.
But he draws back again, grinning once more. “Don’t you like being teased?”
I swallow hard, trying to regain some semblance of control. “It’s not bad…” I admit, slowly, carefully. My eyes lock on his again. “But I want to come for you.”
That seems to be the answer he needed to hear. He lowers his face between my legs again, one hand gripping my ass hard, the other spreading my pussy lips wide open, his fingers teasing my bare, exposed pussy. Then his tongue delves into me, deep as he can, and curls against the inner wall of my pussy. I cry out faintly, in pleasure this time, as he licks at my walls, taking control of my pleasure, tasting every inch of me. He’s messy about it, lapping at me and sliding his tongue in deep. I can feel my juices drip down across my ass, but he licks them up, then circles higher to flick the tip of his tongue over my clit.
My body jolts again, still on fire, nerves poised for release. He flattens his tongue and starts to eat me out in earnest, raking his long, flat tongue along my clit in careful, strong strokes. Before long, I’m right back at the edge, shaking.
“Fuck, I’m going to come,” I gasp, my hands clenching in his hair, legs quivering against his cheeks.
He licks harder, faster, and my back arches of its own volition as the orgasm hits me. I shout something, loud and long, though I have no idea what. My body is on another plane from my mind, which explodes with sheer ecstasy.  When I come to again, my body is still shaking, my pussy twitching as Cassius licks between my lips, slides his tongue into my pussy, sucks up every drop of my cum.
Before I know it, I’m gasping again, my clit still thick and swollen. This time it only takes a couple of slow laps of his tongue across the edge of my clit to make me come, screaming a second time, shouting his name as I writhe against the couch.
I think he’s done when he sits up to grin down at me, his chin still wet with my cum. But he’s only getting started.
He slides two fingers deep inside my pussy, strokes against my front wall. I’m sensitive from the orgasms, but that only makes it easier for me to come from his fingers massaging my G-spot. I swear under my breath as another orgasm takes me, and my legs go limp over his shoulders.
He just bends between my thighs again, this time concentrating on licking just around my clit, not quite touching the over-sensitive spot. I’ve never come this many times in a row—I didn’t even know I could—but moments later, I’m arching my back again, groaning, and another sharp spike of pleasure sears through me.
I lose track of how many times he makes me come. At least a couple more times, maybe more, but I was nearly blacking out by then, the sensations were so intense.
Finally, he kisses my inner thigh and slides back up along my body, until we’re face-to-face. He kisses me deeply, and I can taste myself on his tongue, sweet and a little salty. It’s sexy as hell, and I wrap my arms around his shoulders, pulling him down hard against me.
He breaks the kiss, laughing gently as he gazes down at me, those gray eyes of his still full of lust and desire. “Still want more?” he asks, clicking his tongue. “You’re insatiable, Manila.”
“I want you to fuck me.” I lock eyes with him. “I want you inside of me.”
He slows down at that. Gazes into my eyes for another few seconds, before he reaches down and pushes his own jeans off his hips. All the while, we keep our eyes locked, and that frank, yearning gaze of his makes me feel more naked than ever.
When he drops his boxers, though, I can’t resist looking down.
Wow.
His cock is hard as a rock, smooth as velvet, and big. Very big. Can I even take a cock like his?
I reach between us, mesmerized, wanting to explore him the way he explored me. I wrap my hand around his hard shaft, trail my fingers up it, and savor the feeling of his smooth, soft skin over his hard, thick cock. It’s the most beautiful cock I’ve ever seen, curved slightly upward at the end, and already glistening with a drop of pre-cum. I slide my finger over his tip to catch that drop, and grin when he visibly tenses above me, his teeth clenching. I raise my finger to my lips, locking eyes with him once more, and lick the tip of my finger, tasting him. Salt, and another flavor, uniquely his own.
He half-groans, watching me taste him, knowing how much I want him. I start to slide down between us, feeling the sudden urge to go down on him, but he grabs my shoulders, pins me to the couch. “No,” he whispers. “I want to come inside you.”
I swallow hard. Damn. It’s hard to reject an offer as sexy as that. But… I lick my lips, tensing. “Do you have a condom?”
He grimaces. “Don’t worry, Manila. We won’t need one.”
I blink a little in confusion. “What do you mean?” When he doesn’t answer for a moment, when he still looks annoyed, almost angry, though clearly not at me, I tilt my head. “Look, Cassius, I…” I dart a glance toward the twins’ room. “I never got back on birth control after the twins. And, I can’t risk bringing another child into a situation like mine, single mother, working for a living, it’s a—”
He interrupts me with a shake of his head. “It’s not you, Manila.” He locks eyes with me, and there’s a sorrow in them, so deep and profound that for a moment, I can’t respond. “I can’t get you pregnant. I’m infertile.”
Shit. Suddenly that explains some things. The way he acts with the twins, especially. He must want to be a father, but… I frown, too, reaching up to caress his cheek gently. “I’m so sorry, Cassius.”
He shakes his head, reaching up to catch my hand. He leans forward a little, and his hard length presses against my stomach. “Don’t be.” His eyes are on mine again, hot and searing. He draws his hips back, and slowly, ever so slowly, presses his cock into me. I feel him enter me an inch at a time, gasping as my pussy stretches for the first time in months. It’s a little painful, but mostly just sheer pleasure, feeling inch after thick, hard inch of him drive deeper into me. When he’s all the way inside, we pause for a moment, our bodies pressed together, his bare chest flush against mine, our eyes still locked. We’re so close right now, I can feel every inch of him, feel his cock twitch faintly when my pussy clenches around him.
It’s hot and sexy and alluring all at once, and I realize I could fall for this man, if I let myself. Dangerous.
He’s still looking at me, watching me like I have the answer to something he wants, the key to some question he’s been asking. He runs his hand through my hair, gently, trailing his fingers along my cheek. “I wish I could,” he says.
He’s pulling his hips back, starting the slow process of pulling out of me, and my whole body yearns for him to be right back in me again.
“Wish you could…?” I manage to ask, distracted by the sensations flooding me, and the pulse of pleasure in my already sensitive clit.
“I wish I could get you pregnant.” He wraps his arms around me, pulls me against him as he thrusts into me again.
I wrap my legs around his waist, thrust back with every ounce of energy I have, my hips colliding with his.
He pulls out, slams back into me, faster, finding a rhythm. “Fuck, Manila,” he groans as he continues to fuck me, harder now. “I want to put my seed in you. I want to fuck you, come inside you, and make more babies.”
We’re both thrusting hard now, our sweat mingling between us, my hands wrapped tight around his muscular shoulders as our bodies slam together, and his cock spreads my pussy wide. “Come in me,” I groan, hardly hearing myself, lost in the moment.
“I want to see your belly thick with my seed.”
There’s something so hot about that, him taking me, making me completely his own. Putting a baby in me. I arch my hips, spread my legs wider to let him slam inside me, over and over.
Before I know it, he’s gripping my shoulders tight in one arm and digging his fist into my hair, growling, low and animalistic, as he nears his peak. I thrust up against him, and feel my clit tighten once more. He explodes inside me, coating my pussy walls with his thick cum, just as I arch my back and fall into another orgasm, my body shaking.
I lose track of time, legs still wrapped around his waist as we both wait for our breathing to slow and our hearts to stop racing. He leans up to brush my hair back from my forehead, gazing down at me with an expression I can’t quite explain. Something like wonder, mingled with fear. I can’t place it.
I also can’t figure out exactly what just happened. What he admitted to me, what it means, and why he said what he did—about wanting to make more babies…
But I’m so tired from the multiple orgasms and from the way he just fucked me, I can’t raise the energy just now to wonder. I rest my head against his shoulder, sighing in pleasure as he strokes my hair, holding me against him.
Eventually, he slides out of me. I feel our combined juices trickle down my inner thighs, and sigh again in protest. It felt so right having him in me, so wrong now that we’re apart again.
But soon he’s standing, scooping me up in his arms, and I lean my head on his chest as he carries me into the bedroom. He keeps his arms wrapped around me as we fall asleep, a sweaty mess on top of his nice clean sheets, but I don’t care. I love feeling his cum inside me still, his body hot and tight against mine.
I never knew it could feel like this, I think, just as I drift off to sleep.











8




The next couple weeks are a blur of perfect pleasure. Every day, I climb out of Cassius’s enormous, ridiculously comfortable four-poster king-sized bed, take care of the twins, then pad down the hall to the office with Luca and Lucie in tow, making sure they have something to occupy them while I get the filing done.
I spend the day organizing, booking meetings, setting up future travel—and, not gonna lie, slightly dreading the times that I have to book trips for him. Granted, the next time he plans to travel for work isn’t for another couple of months, but a part of me still stares sadly at the week on the calendar when he’ll be in London, already anticipating how much I’ll miss him.
Every evening, Cassius returns to the apartment—usually with flowers or a present for Luca and Lucie, new clothes he saw that he just couldn’t pass up, or a cute toy.
“You’re going to spoil them rotten,” I scolded him one evening when he showed up with a full playpen, complete with a mobile in the shape of the galaxy.
“I can only hope to be lucky enough to do so,” he responded as he swooped in to kiss my cheek. And then nibble his way down my neck… And then drag me into the bedroom, where he threw me onto the bed, flipped my legs over his shoulders, and fucked me until we were both screaming.
But a part of my mind can’t quite accept that this is really my life. That I’ve been living in this gorgeous penthouse, with this gorgeous man, who pampers both me and my babies every single day. Part of me is waiting for the other shoe to drop. For the catch—because there’s always a catch.
I feel it in a knot in my stomach, even as Cassius and I strolled through a park near his penthouse at sunset, him pushing the stroller, my hand resting over his. The sunset that night was beautiful, stunning, and we sat in the park watching it for half an hour, smiling and laughing and talking about his day at work, my day with the babies. Even then, even in the middle of that perfect moment, I couldn’t quite accept it.
He felt too good to be true.
It’s been three weeks since we first met, when I come home from shopping with the twins to find a strange woman standing in the apartment. At first, I freeze, tensing, that knot in my gut unfurling.
Then she smiles and waves at the babies in the stroller. “You must be Luca and Lucie,” she coos.
“And you are…?” I ask, still nervous, on-edge. Why can’t I just relax and trust that for once, things are going my way in life?
“Lisa.” She straightens to offer me a hand. “Mr. Anderson hired me to help out with the babies for the night.”
I frown, my eyebrows contracting. “To help out? But, we didn’t…”
Just then, Cassius steps out of the bedroom, and knocks the breath out of me. Well, to be fair, he does that most of the time, whenever I see him. He’s always resplendent. But today he’s extra decked out, in a formal tux rather than his usual suit.
“Manila,” he purrs in greeting, and my heart does a funny little flip-flop at the sound of him saying my name. “Glad you’re here. I’ve hired Lisa to watch the kids overnight.”
I love the way he says that so casually—the kids. Like they’re our kids, not just mine. Like he’s sharing this responsibility too. Like he wants to be a part of their lives. Of all of our lives. But— “Overnight?” I ask, blinking in surprise. “But, don’t you have that meeting tonight, downtown?”
His smile widens. “Ah, yes, about that. Apologies for the deception. I just didn’t want you to make any plans. We haven’t had a real date night yet, and that needs to change.” Then he steps aside, waves me toward the bedroom. “You’ll want to dress quickly, though. Or we’ll be late.”
He really spoils me far too much. I’ll get as rotten as my kids. I grin at him as I slip past, and smile at Lisa on the way.
Of course, he planned ahead for this, too. There’s not one but three formal dresses spread out on the bed, for me to choose from.
I pick the red dress, to bring out my eyes, along with the black glittery heels beside the bed. When I step back out into the living room, Cassius’s eyes drink me in an inch at a time, savoring me the same way he savors a glass of fine wine.
“Perfect choice,” he tells me with a wink.
I blush, my body on fire as always beneath his gaze. I love the way he looks at me. It makes me feel like a goddess among men.
Lisa, meanwhile, is already playing happily with Luca and Lucie. She pauses between bouncing them on her knees to grin at us. “Have a ton of fun,” she says. “I’ll take great care of these guys tonight.”
“Thank you so much,” I tell her as Cassius helps me into my jacket.
“My pleasure. It’s sweet,” she adds, beaming at us. “Seeing a married couple that’s still so in love.”
My cheeks burn brighter at the misstep, but Cassius doesn’t correct her. He just smiles and leans over to ruffle Lucie’s hair.
“Have fun here with our little ones,” he tells her. Then, before I can quite process his statement—the unspoken meaning behind our—he rests his hand at the small of my back and guides me into the elevator.
The air between us sings with tension the whole ride down to the first floor. I feel electrified, ready to jump with nerves.
Out front, Amy has a car waiting for us—a full on stretch limo. I turn to gape at Cassius, but he just shrugs like it’s nothing.
“It’s our first official date,” he points out. “I had to go all out.”
“Had to makes it sound like I’m high-maintenance,” I respond, grinning as he holds the back door open for me and I climb inside. I’ve never been in a limo – for prom we just used my uncle’s old beat-up Cadillac. The inside looks just like I’ve seen on TV shows though, all sleek leather interior seats and a sidebar with crystal glasses and a shelf of liquors.
“Not at all.” Cassius climbs in behind me, settles on the seat beside me and wraps his hand around mine, possessive. He’s constantly touching me, whether it’s to pull me onto his lap during movies or wrap his arms around me from behind while I’m cooking. I love it. I’ll never get tired of the feeling of his strong arms around me, his hand in mine, our fingers intertwined. “I’m the high-maintenance one.” His eyes sparkle as they meet mine. “I insist on spoiling you at every opportunity.”
“Hmm. Well, you are definitely succeeding.” I grin and tilt my chin up for a kiss. He kisses me slow, soft, deep. The kind of kiss that will never get old. The kind of kiss you can lose yourself in.
As the car starts to move, his hands slide around my waist, pulling me across his lap.
“Mr. Anderson,” I gasp in fake outrage, as I position my knees on either side of his hips. His cock is already hard, pressed against the thin fabric of this fancy dress he bought me. “Why, this is very improper.” I feign a high-brow accent, and he only just manages to avoid laughing as he catches my mouth in another kiss.
“Mm, I had the impression that you liked impropriety, Ms. Cross.”
“Maybe,” I admit slowly, wriggling my hips against his, so his cock rubs against my pussy. Shit, at this rate, I’ll soak this lacy thong I put on in no time.
“Only maybe?” Cassius raises an eyebrow at me. “Well, in that case.”
He slides me off his lap again, just in time for the limo to take off, and I actually huff in frustration. Damn him. He loves doing that—getting me all worked up, and then delaying, delaying, delaying.
To be fair, though, when he does make me come, he more than makes up for all the time I’ve spent waiting. I shiver with delight at the memory of last night, when he spent an hour lathering me up in the shower, before he finally pinned me against the cool tile wall, lifted me off the ground, his hands digging into my ass, and fucked me against the shower wall, the hot water cascading down over us. He knows just how to angle it so his cock hits my G-spot every time, and pinned against the shower wall like that, his groin dug into my clit too, making me come doubly fast. When he decided I needed to come more than just once, he slid a hand between us to finger my clit as he continued to fuck me. I made it to three orgasms before he finally came inside me, his hot cum coating my pussy walls, a warm rush of sensation that always made my pussy tighten in pleasure.
I love feeling him come in me. I love the way his cum drips down my thighs after we’ve finished, the way I can still feel the proof of his lust for me, sometimes even hours later.
Not to mention, I love how hard he fucks me. He’s not afraid to make it hard for me to walk the next day, and I appreciate that. I might be a lady in the streets, but I like it rough in the sheets.
I’m still daydreaming about last night when we glide to a stop. The windows are tinted, so I can’t see where we are yet, but judging by the grin on Cassius’s face, it’s somewhere good. It’s always somewhere good. The man has perfect taste in everything, I swear, from apartment décor to food to… well, me, I guess. Maybe I’m feeling biased.
I am definitely feeling biased right now.
He weaves his fingers through mine as we exit the limo, and my eyes widen when I see the restaurant. It’s the newest place in town, ultra-exclusive, so popular that even I have heard of it, and I’ve been in near total baby induced isolation for the last few months. Last I heard, the waiting list for a table here was months long.
But of course, Cassius found some way to swing it. I glance up at him, smirking, as we glide through the doors.
The restaurant is fine dining, a fusion of traditional Japanese-style food and Southern cooking. I’ve never tasted anything like it before, but I am instantly in love. Every plate of food is more delicious than the last, and though I can’t even pronounce half the ingredients, I savor every bite.
As for Cassius, he seems to be enjoying himself too, though his eyes drift over to me more often than the food.
I savor that, too. It’s been a while since a man looked at me like that. A lifetime, in fact.
“So,” he says, as we’re between courses. “What makes Manila Cross tick?”
I laugh into my wine glass, but then I look up to find him studying me, and realize he’s serious. I set the glass back down, thoughtful. “Depends what you mean by tick, I guess,” I reply after a while. “I mean, I love my children, I enjoy my new job…”
“I’m not talking about the present.” His foot hooks around my ankle, tugs on my leg. I foot-wrestle him under the table, grinning at him the whole while. “You know, what are your sore spots, how did your childhood screw you up, all that jazz.”
I burst out laughing. Our eyes meet over the rims of our wine glasses as we toast. “Mm, well… Childhood-wise, growing up with my mom was pretty… tough.” Unwillingly, my gaze drifts toward my cell phone, face-up on the table just in case Lisa calls about the twins. “I guess that’s why I wanted to have kids of my own so badly.”
He tilts his head, questioning. “Because things were hard growing up?”
I sigh. “Because Mom was hard, honestly.” He waits patiently for me to elaborate, holding eye contact. I can’t lie to that clear steel-gray gaze of his. “She left me alone a lot… She was a single mom too, which I know is hard, but like… She’d leave me to cook my own dinner by age 5. I already knew how to operate the stove by then, and how to make pasta, hot dogs…”
His eyes widen, his lips clamping into a tight line of disapproval. But he doesn’t interrupt. He lets me talk, getting this off my chest.
“When I got older and started going to school, she’d never come to any events. She skipped parent-teacher conferences, wouldn’t pick me up from any extracurriculars… My friends’ parents fed me more often than not, driving me to their houses from soccer and letting me stay over, especially when Mom would go on a bender. They didn’t want me coming home finding her passed out in a pile of her own vomit.” I grimace and close my eyes. Why am I telling him all this? He’ll judge me. Think I’m just like her.
But then I feel his warm hand close over mine on top of the table. When I open my eyes again, he’s watching me carefully, concerned and sympathetic all at once.
“I know how that feels,” he murmurs, and my heart aches in my chest, seeing my pain mirrored on his face. “My parents weren’t around much either. Dad was always working, and Mom was sick when I was younger… She passed away when I was only twelve.”
I lift my free hand to fold his hand in mine, squeezing gently. Like he did, I don’t interrupt, just wait for him to get this off his chest, the way he let me have space to talk.
He shakes his head. “I guess that’s why I always wanted kids, too. I wanted to do a better job than they did. To raise a generation better than ours, to show my kids that parents can be a great thing to have.”
By the time he finishes, we’re squeezing one another’s hands so tightly it hurts.
Too soon, the meal is ending, and we’re still finishing an after-dinner glass of wine when Cassius leans close to me around the table. The restaurant is packed with other diners, but he makes sure to pitch his voice so that only I can hear.
“I hope you saved some room for dessert.”
I bat my eyes at him, grinning. “As long as you’re on the menu, I’ve always got room for more.”
He leans in to nip at my ear lightly, and I gasp as his teeth graze my sensitive skin. “Don’t worry, Manila. My appetite for you is utterly insatiable.”
After that, despite how delicious dessert was, I couldn’t wait to get the check. The limo, which met us outside the restaurant, having waited for us all throughout the meal, didn’t take us home. Instead, it drove us farther downtown, to the entrance of one of the most expensive hotels in the city.
“You didn’t,” I murmur, eyebrows rising, as he leads me through the front door.
“Checking in,” he tells the front desk without responding to me, though his hand tightens around mine, and his fingers caress the back of my palm. When he glances back at me, his eyes sparkle with mischief. “We have fun at my house,” he says once we enter the elevator, luckily alone, “But you haven’t lived until you’ve absolutely destroyed a hotel room by having hours of sex in it. Not to mention, I want you screaming loud enough to disrupt all of our neighbors…”
I swat his arm, but I’m also shivering with desire at the thought. Mm, hell yes. Make me scream, you naughty man…











9




We reach the top floor, our floor, in no time. The room is gorgeous, of course, and well decorated. But I barely have time to register anything before he’s throwing me against the wall, pinning me to it while his hands rake over my sides, pressing hard through the thin fabric of my dress.
“I’ve been waiting all night to tear this off of you,” he growls. I lift my arms, and he pulls the dress off in seconds, impatient. Underneath, I’ve worn matching lingerie, a set he’s never seen before, that I was saving for a special occasion. To judge by the hungry light that flares in his eyes as he cups my breasts through the lacy bra, I made the right call wearing it tonight.
He kisses me, hot with need, and then draws back to gaze into my eyes for a moment. “You are so damn sexy, Manila, do you know that?”
“You definitely make me believe it,” I murmur, my eyes raking over his body. I reach for his belt, start to undo his pants. “Let me taste you,” I whisper.
He steps back, spreading his hands to allow me access. To let me do whatever I want to him. In one swift motion, I yank his pants to the floor, and push his boxers down after them. That cock of his, that glorious, gorgeous cock I love, springs free, already hard as hell.
I grin and drop to my knees in front of him. “I want you to fuck my mouth,” I say, as I lean in to kiss the side of his cock. He’s tense already, and groans faintly when my lips touch his sensitive skin.
“Your wish is my command,” he says when he has control of himself again.
I grin up at him. I’m not letting him maintain that control for long. He digs his hands into my hair, and I lick along the length of his cock, first one side, then the other, slow and teasing. He groans faintly, his hands tightening, pulling my hair until it’s almost painful. I love the sensation.
“God you have the sexiest little mouth,” he murmurs as I grip his cock in one hand and suck on his balls, rolling them around between my lips. “You fucking love this, don’t you? Having my balls in your mouth.”
I moan a little, and he tenses as the vibrations pass from my mouth to him. My fist tightens around the base of his cock, and my other hand slides up his thigh to scratch at his skin.
“Show me how hungry you are for my cock,” he says, his voice gone dark with command.
I part my lips and swallow him whole. For a moment, he lets me maintain control, easing into it, sliding back and forth on his length as I press his cock farther into my mouth, my tongue tracing the vein on the underside. I love the way he tastes, heady and masculine, all salt and hormones. I can smell his lust, and it’s driving me wild, getting me wet before we’ve barely started.
“Look at me, Manila,” he says, and I tilt my head to meet his eyes as I keep sucking his cock. He thrusts deeper into my mouth, almost to the back of my throat, his eyes on mine the whole time, hot with desire. “You are so fucking hot.” His voice is throaty, tight.
I part my lips wider, take him fully into my mouth, my hands toying with his balls, rolling them between my fingers. I love watching him while I do it, seeing the reaction on his face, the way his eyes darken and his jaw clenches. He slides out of me, slowly, and adjusts his grip on my hair.
“I’m going to fuck that naughty little mouth of yours now.”
I moan again in agreement, eager for him. He thrusts into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. It almost makes me gag, but I’ve been practicing. I take a deep breath and my eyes flutter shut as I surrender control. I love this part, the way he takes me without apology, using me for his own pleasure. He fucks my mouth, and I keep my tongue pressed against his cock, my lips tight around him, savoring every inch of him.
“Fuck, I’m going to come,” he growls, and I clench my hands around his tight, muscular ass, pulling him against me. He thrusts into my mouth once, twice, and the third time, there’s a hot rush as he comes in my throat, groaning, his whole body tense. I keep going, sliding my mouth along his length, swallowing every drop of his cum. When he finally leans back against the wall, his breathing heavy, I part my lips and let him go, only to trace my tongue along him once more, licking him clean.
He laughs faintly through gritted teeth, jumping as my tongue touches his sensitive tip.
“Fuck, Manila,” he finally says when he recovers his breath.
I grin and slide to my feet beside him. “Hot enough for you?”
His eyes flash, dangerous. “Not even close.” Before I can react, he lifts me off the floor. Carries me across the room and tosses me down on the mattress, pushing my legs wide apart.
“My turn,” he says, his gaze hot.
Yes, please.
He slides between my legs, and before long, that strong, broad tongue of his is making me scream. I wrap my legs around his shoulders, fist my hands in his hair, let myself go. There’s no one around to hear—at least, no one I mind overhearing. No neighbors or babies sleeping. We can be as loud and as wild as we want.
He makes me come three times, alternating between that sexy tongue of his and his fingers, curling them inside me expertly to hit just the right spot. By the time I finish the third time, he slides to his feet, his cock hard as a rock again.
Sometimes I think getting me off turns him on even more than getting himself off. There’s something so sexy about that, about how much he loves my orgasms.
“I want to try something new tonight,” he murmurs, when he’s leaned over me to kiss me deeply, my taste still on his tongue.
I smile up at him, flushed. “Your wish is my command,” I echo him from earlier, eager to do whatever he asks. In the last few weeks, Cassius has proven that he knows my body better than I do. Whatever he wants to try, I’m in.
His finger slides along my cleft, soaking wet already from his ministrations. His hand drops lower, lower… And circles my ass, pressing against the tight bud there.
“I want to take every inch of you.” He pushes a little harder, his forefinger wet with my cum. I gasp, tensing, even though I know I need to relax. It takes effort, but I force my muscles to still, to let him have what he wants. His finger slips past the ring of my ass, inside me, just the very tip. Enough to send a shiver of pleasure mingled with pain through my body. “I want to fuck your tight ass.”
I’ve never tried anal before. Plenty of ex-boyfriends asked for it, but I always refused. Then again, none of those ex-boyfriends were able to make me come the way Cassius does. None of them went down on me for hours at a time. None of them put my pleasure before their own. They just wanted to check off their bucket list: fucked a girl in the ass, check.
But I trust Cassius. I trust him to want this for my pleasure, not his. I lock eyes with him, and behind the lust and desire, I can see the genuine care in his gaze. He wants me to enjoy this.
“Yes,” I breathe. “Take my ass. It’s yours.”
He lifts me almost reverently, kisses me again before he flips me over beneath him, a pillow under my hips. He lies along my back, kisses his way down my spine, his tongue sending shivers to every inch of my body. He parts my ass cheeks with strong fingers, and keeps going, slides his tongue along the cleft of my ass. I shiver, half in pleasure and half in anticipation of what’s to come.
When I feel his dick press against my ass cheek, I start to tense again, nervous. But then he leans down beside me, runs his hands through my hair, brushing it away from my face gently.
“Relax, Manila,” he whispers. “Trust me.”
And I do. My whole body goes limp, pliable. I hear him open a bottle, spread lube on his cock. My smile widens as I realize that he planned this, too. He knew what he wanted tonight, because he’s always thinking about me, all the things he wants to do to me.
When the head of his cock presses against the tight purse of my ass, it feels cold at first, wet. I gasp. But he doesn’t give me time to get worried again. He’s already pressing into me, past the ring. A loud moan escapes my lips as he slides farther and farther into me. My hands fist around the sheets, and the sensation feels like nothing else, pleasure and pain at once, like he’s completely filling me up.
Finally, he slides all the way inside, his balls tapping lightly against my pussy, already sensitive from my multiple orgasms earlier. I arch my back against him, but he remains still inside me, waiting.
“Tell me how it feels, Manila.”
“Fucking amazing,” I pant, still trying to catch my breath.
“Do you want me to fuck you now?”
“Yes. Please, Cassius, fuck my ass.”
He slides out of me, slow, slow, an inch at a time. Then, without warning, he thrusts back into me hard. I writhe against the sheets, crying out in pleasure. He works into a rhythm, pulling out slow, slamming in hard, and soon I’m digging my fists into the pillow beneath me, my body rocking with every thrust, completely under his control.
He slides one hand beneath me to finger my mound, just above my sensitive clit. I’m so sensitive from earlier that only a few circles of his finger have me close to the edge again, panting at the conflicting sensations. Soreness in my ass, pleasure in my clit, my pussy, the entire rest of my body.
I scream when the orgasm hits me, shouting Cassius’s name, profanities, begging him to keep fucking me. He obeys, thrusting hard and deep inside my ass until I’m writhing against the sheets. Then his hand grabs my hair, yanks me back so I lean up off the bed, moaning as he continues to fuck me, his other hand tight around my hip, using me for purchase, slamming into me again and again until—
“I’m coming. I’m gonna come in your tight ass.” His voice is a growl, animalistic.
I arch my hips, give him full access. Cry out with him as he comes inside me, his hot cum coating the inside of my ass.
When he pulls out and flips onto the bed beside me, we’re both limp, exhausted. Soaked with sweat. I roll over against his side, and he cradles me in his arms, kissing the top of my head gently.
“That was amazing,” I murmur into his chest.
“No.” He cups my chin, tilts my face toward his. “You’re amazing. I didn’t know it could be this good, with anyone.”
“Neither did I,” I breathe. For a moment, we just watch each other, lost in each other’s eyes. I never want this moment to end.
Then he leans in and kisses my lips, softly. “Just one problem,” he whispers into my mouth.
I kiss him back. “What’s that?” I murmur.
His smile widens, and he reaches down to cup my pussy. “Next time we fuck tonight, I want to come in your pussy.”
I grin and wriggle against him. “Hmm. I think that can be arranged…”











10




Cassius is late for work today. I pad out of the office, where I headed to get an early start on some filing that’s overdue, and find him in the twins’ room, cradling Luca in one arm and Lucie in the other. For a moment, I hesitate in the doorway, not wanting to interrupt. They look so peaceful, the twins both awake but silent, not complaining or crying for attention. They’re beaming up at Cassius, worshipful and happy, making quiet little gurgles of pleasure now and then as he coos to them.
They look… natural. Like we’ve always had this. Our little family. Cassius looks every bit the doting father right now.
I shake myself. This feels like dangerous territory. The sex is one thing—one spectacular, mind-blowing thing. But starting to think of him as a parent, a father to my kids, that’s a whole new leap of faith. I’d need to really know he was in, all in. I’ve handled breakups in the past, seen guys come and go after swearing up and down they’d be faithful. But I couldn’t put my children through that. If the twins started to see him as their father, what would they think if he turned out to be like my exes? Just another asshole.
Looking at Cassius now, I can’t think that of him. I can’t believe he’d abandon me so callously.
But then again, we hardly know each other. This relationship is so new, so fragile. Maybe he wants someone else, someone uncomplicated, without babies in tow. I couldn’t blame him for that.
And maybe he doesn’t want to settle down at all yet. Maybe he still wants to play the field.
I force myself to square my shoulders and step into the room. I’m having fun with him, but I cannot let my guard down. I can’t let him in. Not yet. For the twins’ sake, I need to know him much better before I fully open up.
“Cassius,” I murmur.
He looks up at me, a happy, contented smile on his face. Luca and Lucie coo in his arms, and he squeezes them both gently. “Good morning,” he says, smiling.
“I hate to interrupt…” I glance at the twins, unable to stop myself from smiling too. I’ve never seen the babies take to someone else so easily. Normally I’m the only one they don’t cry for. “But, you’ve got that meeting downtown in half an hour…”
“Ah, shit.” He grimaces. Then glances at the babies. “I mean, poop.”
I stifle a laugh. “Don’t worry. I don’t think they’re quite old enough to understand swears yet.”
He grins. “Well, it’s good to get into practice now. For when they are old enough.”
My heart leaps again. Another promise. Another statement that says he means to stick around. To be here when they are older. “Fair point,” I say, which is the only thing I can manage to say around the sudden lump in my throat.
He seems to sense I’m feeling something. He stands and gently places Luca and Lucie back into their crib, then steps over to wrap his arms around me. “You all right?” he murmurs into my hair.
I nod against his chest, squeezing him back tightly. “Just a little tired, that’s all.”
He pauses for a moment, gazing down at me. I can tell he doesn’t quite believe me, but he’s not going to push the issue. He leans in to kiss me gently, and then squeezes my shoulders one last time. “I’ll be home after the meeting,” he promises. “You and the kids and I need some quality park time this afternoon.”
I grin. “Deal.”
Then he’s gone, and I’m left staring at my babies, uncertain once more. Am I just being paranoid? Is it just my past experiences with men making me expect the worst?
Or am I right to worry, because these babies are my everything? They deserve the best, and they deserve for me to stay vigilant, and not get them tangled up in my heartbreak.
I feed them and get them settled in for their mid-morning nap. But I’m still feeling restless, disjointed. I finish the filing for Cassius, and get his next month of meetings entirely booked. Then I wander around the house, looking for things to tidy. It’s how I handle feeling stressed or unmoored. Cleaning puts me into a better mindset, makes me feel productive, instead of just anxious.
I start in the living room, put away all the clothes I’ve left strewn around, and the baby toys and supplies. Then I move to the kitchen, and finish washing up from breakfast.
There’s a stack of old mail and papers on top of the fridge, which has been there since I started staying here a few weeks ago. It’s an eyesore, messing up the otherwise neat and tidy kitchen. I pull the stack down and start to sort it into piles—obvious junk mail to be tossed, possibly important mail from credit card companies.
Then I reach a file at the bottom of the stack. A blue and white folder, stamped with the logo for A New Chance.
I recognize it at once, because it’s the same fertility clinic I used. The place where I conceived the twins. The company that gave me the best thing in my life.
Curious, I flip it open. Why is this here?
Then I freeze on the first page.
There’s a standard application form for Cassius, complete with a photo of him looking devastatingly handsome, and his personal information completed. But beside it, on the other side of the folder, is someone else’s application.
A woman.
She’s gorgeous. Long blonde curls, blue eyes, high cheekbones. A model type, you can tell just from her headshot. Claire Donoghue, says her name on the personal information profile, and under her address is an address I don’t recognize. A street in a small town, less than an hour drive from Austin. But when I glance over at the other form, at Cassius’s form, it’s got the same address on it.
I think about the clothing in the spare room. About the money Cassius has. About the work trips he takes overnight to Dallas, supposedly.
My stomach churns in horror.
The application is clear—it has “Approved for Treatment” stamped right across it.
He has another life. Children with this woman. A house outside of town. A whole other family. No wonder he seemed so natural around the twins.
No wonder he seemed too good to be true.
Tears spring to my eyes. I collapse onto the kitchen chair, staring blankly at the folder, as those tears fully form and slide down my cheeks.
I’m still sitting there when the elevator opens hours later. Startled, I inhale sharply, sniffing, and slam the folder shut, throw it back on top of the fridge, then add the mail on top of it, a haphazard, messy pile.
“Honey, I’m home,” Cassius sings from the elevator, joking, and it almost sends a whole new rush of tears down my face. I manage to hold it in, only barely, by digging my nails into my palms.
He sticks his head into the kitchen a moment later. “What’d I miss?” he asks, his voice lighthearted.
I stand with my back to him, unable to turn around. When he sees my face, he’ll know. This whole beautiful fantasy world will collapse around us. He’ll realize I’ve found out, he’ll throw me out. And fuck, this job.
I need this job. I need the money.
But I can’t put the kids through this. Through the pain of a breakup. They’re still young enough that they won’t remember this, thank god, if I can put him off now… Get out of this while there’s still time.
“Manila?” He’s walking toward me, concern in his tone again. “What are you doing?” He rests his hands on my shoulders and leans in to kiss my cheek.
“Nothing,” I say, my voice strangled. Tight. “Just cleaning.”
But he hears the sorrow in it. Spins me around before I can react, and of course, my face is still streaked with leftover tears, my eyes still red from crying. “Manila. Something’s happened. Tell me.”
I shake my head, unable to speak. Unable to voice the truth.
Unable to call him a liar. Just like every other man who’s ever broken my heart.
“What’s going on? You can talk to me, Manila. You can trust me.”
“Can I?” I finally snap. I push his hands off my shoulders, stride away from him. “I’m an idiot.”
Now he’s frowning, concerned and confused at once. “You are far from an idiot, Manila.”
“Then why do I keep falling for this?” I fling my arms wide, angry. “Why do I think that I can be happy? Why did I believe this could work? Every relationship I’ve ever gotten myself into is doomed. Why on earth would this one be any different?” I’ve raised my voice; I’m shouting now, but I can’t seem to stop myself.
Cassius stares at me, wide-eyed, shocked. “What are you talking about?”
But I can’t do this. I can’t listen to his explanations, his denials, his excuses. I can’t watch him turn into the same man as all my exes, a liar and a cheat.
The babies have woken up, startled by my shouts, no doubt. They howl from their room, and those cries echo the pain in my heart. I push past him, storm out of the kitchen and scoop them up. Before I realize what I’m doing, I’m packing them into their stroller.
“Manila, please, talk to me. What’s going on? Where is this coming from?”
“I think you can figure that out yourself,” I snap.
His eyes go cold. “If you won’t let me in, I can’t help you.”
“I don’t need your help,” I spit. “I don’t need anybody’s help. I can do this on my own—I always have.”
It barely takes me ten minutes to pack the essentials. I’ve gotten used to this, over the years. I’m practiced at running. I push the stroller out of the apartment, the babies’ travel bag over my shoulder. The rest of it, the clothes he bought me, the toys he bought them, we can do without all of that. We don’t need his charity, any more than we needed him to support us.
We can do just fine on our own.
Anger replaces sorrow for the moment. Just for long enough to get me through this, and I’m grateful for it.
He tries to stop me one last time at the elevator bank. Curls his hand around my wrist and looks into my eyes, pleading. “Talk to me about this, please! What happened?”
“I fell for you,” I say. “That’s what happened.”
Then the elevator arrives. He’s still standing there, eyes wide, mouth open in shock, when I step into it and let the doors swing shut behind me.











11




Three missed calls. All since I got home last night. I stare at my cracked cell phone screen from the discomfort of my tiny, lumpy bed. It used to be fine, until I spent a few weeks sleeping on the comfortable, heavenly bed in Cassius’s room.
My apartment used to feel warm enough, too, until I found myself missing the familiar sensation of his arm around my waist, his body snuggled up against mine.
I squint through the morning gloom across the single bedroom at the twins’ crib. They’re still sleeping soundly, unaware that everything has changed. Unaware of my pain.
But that’s good. This is the only way I can protect them from feeling the same kind of pain.
The phone buzzes again in my hand. Him. Again. I tap Ignore, send it straight to voicemail, then hold down the power button until the phone shuts off. I can’t deal with this right now.
Eventually, I’ll need to. I’ll have to decide if I can face him again. Take the job—only the job, not the life I once dared to think might come with it.
Or if it’s too much, if I can’t handle seeing him… then I need to start applying elsewhere. Polish up that résumé. Get back into the hunt. The hunt that was going abysmally before he agreed to take me on.
Ugh.
Luca fusses quietly, and I slip out of bed. Pad across the room to scoop him up. I pick up Lucie too, then head back to my own bed. I curl up around them, feeling their warm, comforting weight in my arms. Gazing into their bright baby blue eyes, starting to go gray as they age. They’re changing every day, my little darlings, becoming more and more aware of the world around them. I want nothing more than to shelter them from it forever. To keep them from ever feeling the hurt I do right now.
I curl around them and close my eyes. I’ll feed them in a minute. I just want to hold them right now, cuddle them. Luca curls his fingers in my hair, Lucie hangs on to my fingers for dear life, and we cling like that to each other, three lost peas alone in this crappy pod of an apartment.
I don’t remember falling asleep.
I don’t realize I have until the knocking startles me awake. The door. I groan and untangle myself from the kids. Luca cries as soon as I let him go, which sets off Lucie. I try to hush them, even as I hop around the room pulling on a pair of pants over the panties I slept in.
The knocking continues, louder and louder. Crap. Is it my landlord? I’m not behind on rent again. Am I?
Finally, I yank a shirt over my head and pad across the dingy floor to the door. I fling it open, not bothering to peer out through the peephole first.
Mistake.
Cassius stands in my doorway. Framed against the dim apartment hallway, a dingy light illuminating his crisply pressed white work shirt and suit pants, he looks as out of place as a fairy tale prince in a bad cop show.
Meanwhile, I look like a monster, having just rolled out of bed, my hair sticking up on end, eyes red from crying myself to sleep, cheeks puffy from the same. I move to close the door on him, instinctivly, but he blocks it with his foot.
“Please, Manila. Let me come in.”
Just that simple phrase, just my name on his lips, makes my insides melt. I’ve never been able to resist him. Not even now. Not even knowing what he did.
So I step back and open the door wider. Let him into my hovel of an apartment.
To his credit, he doesn’t make a face when I lead him into the bedroom. He takes a seat on the single chair across from the bed, a rocking chair where I cradle Lucie to sleep on fussy nights.
I perch on the bed, one hand resting protectively on each of my babies. “What do you want?” I say, and my voice comes out harsher than I meant it to, choked with sleep deprivation and grief.
“I want you to come to work,” he says simply.
I laugh. Sharp and bitter. “You don’t need me. You never did.”
He doesn’t respond. Just watches me, intense and quiet.
“You saw an opportunity in me,” I guess. “Someone you could take advantage of. You knew I was in a bad position, you knew I had nobody else, so if you helped me, I’d be dependent on you. You could hide me and shame me into silence when your real woman came calling, if she ever found out.”
Now, he reacts. His eyebrows hit his forehead. “What are you talking about?”
I look at my lap. I can’t meet his eyes for this. Can’t watch the lies form in his eyes. “I found the folder,” I say as I rub Luca’s stomach gently. Slow, concentric circles. Focus on him, on my baby. Not on this man who gutted me. “The one from A New Chance. For you and…” I shake my head. I can’t say her name. Can’t make this real.
Before I even finish, Cassius is beside me on the bed, his hand on my shoulder. “Manila.” He’s laughing. Actually laughing.
How could he, at a time like this?
But he cups my face in his hand and turns me to face him, and I see genuine warmth and amusement in his eyes. “You’re wrong, Manila. It’s not what you think.”
I pull away from him, tears springing to my eyes again. I can’t watch him laugh at me. Mock me for trusting him. “If I’m wrong, then explain it to me. Tell me why you lied, why you pretended to care about me, about the twins. Why did you lie and pretend you wanted more babies—you already have children with her, don’t you? You have a family with a woman I’ve never even heard of.”
“Yes you have,” he whispers.
My eyes widen. Is he actually admitting it? Unable to help myself, I look back at him.
There’s a quiet, sincere seriousness in his gaze, one I can’t turn away from. “You’ve met her. You know who the mother of my children is.”
“I never met the woman in that photo,” I snap. But he’s already shaking his head, half laughing, yet with a spark in his eye. Something bright that catches the light as he shakes his head no.
“It’s you, Manila.”
I stare at him blankly. I don’t understand.
He grabs my shoulders, his expression turning darker. Wild. “You are the mother of my children. The twins… They’re mine.”
My lips part, slowly. Moving without permission from my brain.
But…
“That’s impossible,” I whisper.
Cassius closes his eyes, grimacing. His hands hold onto my shoulders, tighten to the point where his grip is almost painful. But I welcome it. That little spike of pain is the only thing tethering me to reality right now. The rest of the world is fuzzy with confusion.
“My ex… Claire, the woman in that photo. She was not a good woman. She was an alcoholic, a user, an abuser. I saw that in her, but I was so desperate for a family, I thought we could make it work anyway. I thought she would change, if we had kids together. So we went to the clinic. That’s the file you found. It’s from years ago, when we were first tested. They told me it was unlikely I’d be able to conceive, but we tried some experimental procedures. I gave them samples, and they finally got some viable samples from me, sperm that would work…”
He opens his eyes to meet mine again, real sorrow in them. “Before they finished the tests, I caught her cheating on me. With my best friend.”
“Cassius…” I breathe, reaching to touch his cheek gently. “I’m so sorry…”
“It’s okay.” He wraps his hand around my wrist. “It was meant to happen, don’t you see? I’m glad she did, glad I never gave that one precious sample to her. There was a mistake… The clinic was supposed to save the sample for me, but they told me they lost it.
“I was distraught. They said they probably couldn’t get any more viable samples from me, that I’d likely never conceive. My one chance at children, and they ruined it for me. But then, a couple of months ago, the clinic contacted me. There’d been a mistake. A mix-up. They didn’t lose my sample—they used it.”
My eyes widen slowly. Both of us glance at the twins at the same time. I look at Luca’s handsome face. At his dark hair, just coming in, peach fuzz on his head. At his eyes, which had started out baby blue, but were slowly darkening to a blue-gray color.
A color that looks very similar to his father’s…
“I used it,” I whisper, awed.
“I made them tell me,” he says, and I look back at him, tears stinging my eyes for a completely different reason now. “I know the paperwork was sealed, your donation was supposed to be anonymous. But I threatened to sue them, and the clinic told me, finally, that you’d received the sample. You were the mother. They sent me your information, and when I looked you up and saw that job posting online…” He trails off, shaking his head. “At first I only wanted to meet my children. I wanted to make sure they were all right. I didn’t intend to tell you anything; I assumed you had a husband, a boyfriend, someone in the picture who was meant to be the father. Surely the clinic had just mixed up my sample with theirs. And you are so beautiful, so amazing, you couldn’t be single. But then I met you…”
His hands tighten around my shoulders. I reach up to wrap my arms around his. I am crying now, unable to help myself. Tears of emotion streaking my face. The happiness, the truth of all of this, feels almost too great to bear.
Can this really be true? Can he be the father of my children, the man I never thought I needed? The man I didn’t believe existed?
“I want you,” he whispers, his voice low with feeling now. “I want this family. Once I realized you were single, available… I was consumed with feelings, Manila. I love you.”
I blink hard, a solid lump tightening in my throat.
“But I was scared to tell you, afraid that you would hate me. For hiring you for false reasons, for keeping this from you. I thought you wouldn’t understand.”
“Cassius. Stop.” I tilt my head forward to rest my forehead against his, our eyes still locked. “Of course I understand. I love you, too.”
“I want everything, Manila. You, the twins, a life together.” He closes his eyes again, a crease of pain crossing his forehead. “I can’t have more children. I’m infertile now. If you want someone who can, if you want a man who can give you more, I understand. But I won’t ever give up on wanting you, and my children. You must accept that.”
I pull him into a kiss before he can say anything else so stupid or insane. The kiss sears through me, the kind of kiss I feel all the way to my toes, to the tips of my fingers. When we break apart again, we’re both breathing faster, our eyes glazed with desire. “I want you, Cassius. I want our life together. I want to raise our family, I want to watch our kids grow together. The twins are all I ever wanted from life; I didn’t realize I could have more. I didn’t realize I would ever meet a man like you.” I kiss him again, and this time he kisses me back hard, desperate. “It all makes sense now,” I whisper when we break apart. “The way you are with the twins, the way you care about me…”
“You are more than I ever expected, Manila. More than I could have ever dreamed of. I’ll never get tired of being with you, touching you…”
My eyes sparkle as they catch his. “Promises, promises,” I whisper, and he grins, too, leaning in to deepen our kiss.
Lucie gurgles at us, and we break apart, laughing. Life with kids.
He feeds Lucie and I feed Luca, both of us catching one another’s eyes over the tops of the twins’ heads as we do, a knowing desire sparking in our faces. Together, we change the twins, then lay them down to nap.
Only then does he take my face in his hands, tilt my chin up until we’re nose-to-nose. He kisses me deeply, and we fall right back into place. Together, at last.
He pushes me down on top of the bed. Pulls off my pants, my shirt, my panties. I yank his clothes off too, desperate to feel his bare skin against mine. When we’re both finally naked though, he tortures me by waiting, holding himself on both arms above me and gazing along my length, slowly taking me in, devouring every inch of me with that hot gaze of his.
I stare at him too, marveling at this man. The father of my children. The man of my dreams. I run my hands over his chest, tracing his muscles. I finger his pecs, his abs. Follow the sexy V down his stomach to his groin. Run my fingers across his happy trail, lower, lower…
“God you are so sexy,” I tell him. But before I can grab his hard cock, he wraps a hand around my wrist. Lifts my arm in one sudden motion and pins it over my head.
“I could say the same of you, you dirty little mama.”
Grinning, defiant, I reach for his cock with my other hand instead. “What are you going to do about it?”
Swiftly, he pins that hand too. He’s strong enough to hold both my wrists in one hand above my head, making me helpless beneath him. I squirm in anticipation as he leans in to run his tongue up the side of my neck.
“I’m going to take what I want from you,” he whispers, and I shiver, already feeling myself growing wet. “I’m going to fuck you so hard I’ll put another baby inside you.”
“Promises, promises,” I repeat, and his eyes light up, on fire with want.
He uses his knee to force my legs apart, positioning himself between my thighs. He keeps my hands pinned and leans down to lick my chest, his tongue scouring my breasts, searing hot across my nipples, which harden as his tongue circles them in slow, teasing motions. When my nipples are hard as rocks, he lets his tongue graze them lightly, not quite biting, but enough of a sharp sensation to make me gasp.
“You like that, don’t you, you bad girl.”
I squirm again, arching my hips to try to press his cock against my body. “Fuck yes I do.”
He positions his hips between mine. Trails his cock across my mound, over my clit, running the head of his dick between my slit. Not entering me. Not yet. “What do you want me to do to you, Manila?” he purrs.
“Fuck me,” I gasp. “Fuck me hard.”
That seems to be all the motivation he needs. Before I can prepare myself, he pushes his cock inside me. Thrusts deep into my pussy, burying himself to the hilt. His balls slap my ass, and I groan, my head falling back as I writhe on his thick cock.
“God you feel too fucking good,” he growls through gritted teeth. In response, I thrust my hips up against his, grinding my clit against his hip bone.
He grins down at me, a dangerous smile, before he leans in to claim my mouth in his, his tongue exploring my mouth as he pulls back and thrusts into me once more.
He lets go of my wrists and I wrap my arms around his shoulders as he pulls my hips up off the bed. He tosses my legs over his shoulders, still keeping his cock inside me, so I’m arched against him, my whole body on display. He fucks me like that, his cock pressing against my front wall with every thrust, right along my G-spot. It doesn’t take me long to feel the heat build in my chest.
I dig my nails into his back as he fucks me hard, relentless. I come with a shout, a little bit of my cum squirting between us as he keeps fucking me, his thick cock deep in my pussy. He hits my cervix at this angle, and it hurts, but the spike of pain feels so good that I don’t want him to stop. The head of his cock slides back and forth, from my G-spot to my cervix, and my toes curl, my legs clenching around his shoulders as I come again, crying out his name.
He’s getting close too, I can tell from the frantic, strong thrusts he’s giving me. He moans my name, and I dig my hands into his hair, forcing him to look at me, to meet my gaze as his orgasm hits.
He growls, deep and guttural, when he comes inside me, his thick cum coating the walls of my pussy. He keeps fucking, thrusting into me, as the cum keeps spurting. Finally, he starts to slow, and I drop my legs from his shoulders, pull him down against me. His sweat-dusted body feels slick against mine, hard in all the places where I’m soft, and I wrap my legs around his waist, my arms around his shoulders, our faces pressed cheek-to-cheek, just savoring the feel of him. The smell of sex and sweat and both of us mingles in the air, and I love this, feeling him still inside me, filling me, our bodies exhausted from pleasure.
When he finally pulls out, we both groan faintly in disappointment. Though I do savor the hot rush of his cum, spilling down my thigh, trickling along the slit of my pussy and the crack of my ass.
He slides one finger between my legs to feel it too, and pulls his hand up, sticky with our combined juices. He spreads it across my chest, painting me in our sex. I grab his wrist and lean up to bite his lower lip gently. In response, he pins me against the bed, running his body against mine. Already, I feel him start to grow a little stiffer again, between us.
I arch my hips up to grind against him and grin, daring. “Is that all you’ve got, Daddy?”
His eyes light up at that, fiery hot. “Oh, just you wait, you dirty little mama…”











Epilogue




Lucie started crawling today. It was cute at first, and then we both got exhausted, chasing her all over the living room, making sure she didn’t get into too much trouble.
By late afternoon, Luca had figured out how to wriggle his little butt after her, and that just became a whole new mess.
So even though it’s only 7PM, we’re both cuddled up naked in bed in Cassius’s apartment, watching TV on the big-screen in his bedroom.
Only when the news starts in with the weather—and the date—does it hit me.
“What’s today’s date?” I ask him, my heart pounding, though I try not to let it show. I don’t want to excite him. Don’t want to get his hopes up, not if I’m wrong.
Surely I’m wrong.
“The fourth,” he says, stretching his arms over his head and yawning. “Why?”
“No reason.” I snuggle back under his arm, and he leans his head against mine, sighing contentedly.
“Have I mentioned that I love you?” he asks sleepily.
“Not today.” I tilt my head up to smirk at him. “Why?”
“I’ve lost the remote,” he admits, then smiles at me, and glances at the TV.
I groan and swat his chest. “Lazy. You’re just using my love against me!”
“Fine, I’ll get it then.” He grumbles and moves to sit up, but I shove him back against the pillows.
“Not so fast. I’m not letting you guilt-trip me for this one.” I grin and swing over him, out of bed, and pad across the room to shut off the TV. When I turn back around, he’s blatantly admiring my ass, not even pretending otherwise. I put one hand on my hip, stand cockily in front of him, my whole bare body on display. “Oh, now I understand the real motivation.”
“Can you blame a guy for enjoying the view of his sexy baby mama when she bends over?”
I roll my eyes, though we’re both smirking. “Maybe you’re just using me for my body. And my TV-turning-off-skills.”
“Now, that’s just patently untrue.” He reaches for me, and I step right back across the room into his arms. Let him pull me on top of him and hug my body against his. “If anything, it’s your turning-on skills that I admire.”
Sure enough, he is hardening beneath me. I rub my body against his slowly, grinning. “Hmm. Well. Sadly, you’ll have to hold that thought.” I hop off him and pad across the room to grab a pair of sweats from our closet.
He stares at me, open-mouthed. “You tease.”
“Don’t worry. I just have a quick errand to run.” I wink at him. “Then I’ll be back for more, trust me.”
“Mm. Utter and complete tease,” he adds.
Honestly, I wouldn’t have stopped. But now that I’ve started to wonder, I need to know. I can’t wait to find out.
I can’t wait to tell him, if I’m right.
It’s a quick walk to the drug store. An even quicker walk home, and then just a few minutes in the bathroom. My stomach turns itself in knots the whole time, and I can feel my palms tingle with nervous sweat.
It’s fine, I tell myself. No matter what the results are, we’re happy. The twins, Cassius and I are the happiest family I could ever have asked for. The last 9 months with him have been the best in my life. I couldn’t ask for more.
But we might have gotten it anyway.
Sure enough, a couple of minutes later, the answer to my question lights up on the tiny white stick. Pink plus sign.
I breathe out slowly, my heart racing even faster now. I want to shout for joy. Jump up and down, punch the air, scream out our happiness to the world.
But first, there’s someone I need to share this with.
It feels different than my first time, of course. With the twins, I was ecstatic, thrilled beyond words that the procedure worked. But I saw it coming. I knew it was happening. It was planned, from start to finish—except, of course, for the double-babies rather than one.
Even so, it felt like a plan, something I went for. This, though, it feels like something else.
A miracle.
I pad into the room and find Cassius reading. He has his reading glasses on, which are sexy as hell on him. And good. Those will help.
I tiptoe up to the bed. Slowly climb onto it, until I’m poised over his hips.
“Hey there Daddy,” I say.
He glances up at me over the rim of the reading glasses. Hot professor look, right there. I could eat him up.
But he’s annoyed that I left him earlier. He’s going to make me work for this. “Welcome home, mama,” he says, but then looks right back at his book, pretending he’d rather read than fuck me.
But when I run a hand up his inner thigh, I find him already hard for me. I grin. “Playing hard to get tonight?”
“Turnabout is fair play,” he responds, turning the page.
“True. But I think you’re going to want to pay attention for this.”
His eyes flash to mine, playful, and he sets the book aside slowly. He leaves the glasses on. “Oh, am I?”
“Yes.” I reach up and slip the small white stick into his hand. “Daddy all over again,” I add.
His brow creases. He doesn’t seem to understand. He looks at me, at the stick in his hand, back at me. Then he sits up in bed, alert at once, and holds the stick up to the light.
When he looks at me again, his eyes are wide with wonder, excitement. “Is…” He pauses, his voice choked with emotion.
I’m tearing up too, I realize. Watching him realize this is one of the best moments of my life. One of the most rewarding things that has ever happened to me.
“Is this what I think it is?” he asks in a whisper.
All I can do is nod. My throat is too choked with joy to speak.
Next thing I know, his arms are around me, crushing me to his chest. We’re both crying, kissing, laughing, kissing again.
“How?” he keeps asking me, his eyes wide and wild, like a kid in a candy store. Unable to believe his luck. Our luck.
Our family is going to get one baby bigger.
Or who knows? Knowing our luck with the twins, maybe two.
I laugh and kiss him, hard, on the mouth. “Congratulations,” I whisper to him, and he strokes my hair, gazing at me in that way he has, like I’m the most precious, magical thing to ever happen to him.
“Thank you,” he whispers back. Then we’re kissing again, slower, more intent.
He lays back and pulls me on top of him again, straddling his waist. The whole while, we don’t stop kissing, lost in each other, our lips molded perfectly together.
We shove the sheet aside, and I trace his perfect body once more. That beautiful chest, sculpted abs, sexy V-line leading straight to his thick, juicy cock. I want to lick him, suck him off, but he has other ideas right now. He lifts my hips up, positions himself beneath me.
I’m wet as hell just from touching his naked body, seeing him so eager and hungry beneath me.
“I put a baby in you,” he murmurs, his voice still reverent, awed, as he runs his cock between my legs, up and down my slit, from my ass up to my clit and back, slowly. “I can’t wait to watch your belly swell with our baby.”
“I’m yours, Cassius.” I kiss his neck, his earlobe, his scratchy jawline, his lips. His tongue slides into my mouth, exploring, and I groan faintly into his mouth.
He draws away just far enough to smile up at me, eyes dark with lust once more. “And I’m yours,” he assures me, as he positions his cock under me, and slides inside me, holding my hips up over him.
I ride him, slowly at first, pulling my body up and down, feeling his cock spread my pussy wide. Thinking about how he fucked me pregnant, how amazing it will feel to swell with his seed. He tightens his grip on my hips, almost painful, guiding me as I ride him. Controlling the speed, bucking his hips under me faster and faster until he’s fucking me from below, driving into me as I lean over him.
His thumb circles my clit, zeroes in on that sweet spot as a familiar wave of heat rushes over my body. I lean back, giving him better access, feeling his cock graze the front wall of my pussy, right over my G-spot. His thumb keeps working my clit, his cock pumping inside me, and my whole body tenses.
“Fuck, Cassius, I’m going to come,” I gasp.
“That’s right.” He watches me, savoring it. “Come on my cock, you dirty girl. Come for Daddy.”
My head falls back as I groan aloud. The groan turns into a loud cry as he keeps fucking me, never letting up on my clit.
“Fuck fuck fuck,” I hear myself saying, hardly aware of my mouth moving, as the wash of ecstasy hits me. All I can feel is Cassius, his hard body under me, his hand on my pussy, his other hand gripping my ass. I smell the hot scent of sex in the air, taste his mouth on my lips. It doesn’t take long before he’s coming too, growling in that way he has that always sets a fire in my belly, low and animalistic.
He thrusts up into me as he comes, and I feel his hot, sticky cum inside me, my pussy clenching hard around his shaft, loving the sensation, the feeling that led to this whole wonderful life we have.
He gave me my babies. Now he’s given me another, and the perfect man to share it with.
I collapse in his arms, both of us spent, wrapped around one another in sweat-soaked joy.
I couldn’t ask for anything more in the world than this.
* * *

THE END








Join Penny's Wyldcats for bonus content, sexy behind-the-scenes looks and more!
Sign up HERE!
And come say hi on Facebook! https://www.facebook.com/PennyWylder










