




This story is a work of fiction. Things portrayed in this eBook are either fictitious or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
All rights to this book belong to S. Ann Cole author. Except for brief quotations used in any review. Any other forms of reproduction or utilization of this work, in part or in whole are forbidden without the permission of the Author, S. Ann Cole.
Cover art Â© Renu Sharma | www.thedarkrayne.com



Table of Contents

Dedication


Appetizer


Prologue


Chapter One


Chapter Two


Chapter Three


Chapter Four


Chapter Five


Chapter Six


Chapter Seven


Chapter Eight


Chapter Nine


Chapter Ten


Chapter Eleven


Chapter Twelve


Chapter Thirteen


Chapter Fourteen


Chapter Fifteen


Chapter Sixteen


Chapter Seventeen


Chapter Eighteen


Chapter Nineteen


Chapter Twenty


Chapter Twenty One


Chapter Twenty Two


Chapter Twenty Three


Chapter Twenty Four


Chapter Twenty Five


Acknowledgement


About The Author


Contact Ann


For The Reader




Dedication


For Vyjanti,
  My light at the end of the tunnelâ€¦
  All that, and more.



Appetizer
Peace Of Mind
  By: S. Ann Cole
I saw her,
Sitting by the riverside—
Her eyes closed,
Her smile ever so bright,
Her head under a crown—
A crown of lilies…

Peace of mind.

I saw her again,
Dancing in the rain,
Her smile was the same,
No one could disdain.
She danced as a child,
Placid, meek, mild…

Peace of mind.

Ah! Here she is,
Sitting on a swing,
She sways to and fro,
Her golden strands the wind blows.
Yes, her smile is the same,
Her countenance remains.

Peace of mind.



Prologue


He was tired.
Dog-tired.
Amped up by pleasure mere minutes ago, his heartbeat was beginning to even out, pushing him onward and into the soothing darkness of sleep. Unfortunately, he was yanked back from the beckoning darkness when the feel of soft feminine hands chased by flutters of kisses played on his chest. Languid, he opened his eyes to the annoying realization that the female of the night was still present. Weariness, it seemed, had delivered him a hard slug over the head, for it was wonted of him to dismiss the source of his temporary pleasure at the very minute he found his release. His eyes skidded over the olive-skinned, platinum blonde who was having a meal of his chest, and his brain pained when he attempted to remember her name. She was a bank investor; he could remember only that much and no more, for he hadn’t been interested in what she had to say when she’d blabbered all night at the Gala. He’d merely paid attention to the fact that she had a comely figure with long, toned legs that were accentuated by her six-inch heels, which had the effect of him demanding a few hours of exploration. Though there was no hope, he tried again for her name…Lacy…Lucy…Lisa…ah hell, he didn’t know and he didn’t care.
Nameless Blond pressed her plum lips against the middle of his chest and murmured in a sultry voice that caressed him in places that he really preferred to remain inert at the moment. “I want more. So much more of you. Let’s go all night, I’m not yet sated.”
A sigh flowed from him as he mentally kicked himself for almost falling asleep with a woman in his bed. “Well, I am. Get dressed. Moore will take you home.” The covers flipped back with a simple flex of his muscular arm and he swung his feet to the red carpeted floor, then used the heels of his hands to rub the weight of sleep from his eyes. No avail. Through an emerging yawn, he added, “Oh, great sex by the way. Thanks.”
The protesting muscles of his limbs told him just how exhausted he was. Lovello was right: he burned himself out far too much. His eyelids felt like a Ziploc bag loaded with quarts. It occurred to him, as he fought with sleep at the edge of the bed, that there was no shuffling from Nameless Blond. Turning, he pointed his stare on the blond-haired creature whose green eyes shone with tears as she clutched the black silk sheet over her bosom. Wrestling with the anger that started to build inside him, he took a calming breath and said, “Did I not tell you to get dressed?”
Her voice was gravelly when she asked, “So I’m just a ‘great sex’ that you send off with a ‘thanks’?”
Closing his eyes, he pinched the bridge of his nose. Telling a woman to leave more than once had never happened before, because he wasn’t normally this tired, and when he wasn’t this tired, he was everything analogous to a whirling devil. And so, when he gave a command, women usually sensed the peril and knew better than to argue. “Pretty much. Thought you understood what this was.”
Lazy as his eyes felt at the moment, he flicked them open with evident severity and pinned them to hers. “Get the hell up and get going, woman! Or so help me…”
Recording his seriousness at last, Nameless Blond scrambled from the bed and crept around on the fluffy red carpet retrieving pieces of her clothes. Appeased, he strolled to the floor-to-ceiling glass window of the hotel room and gazed out at the twinkling city of Chicago. The weak shade of light from the corner lamp silhouetted his tall, muscular frame in the darkness as he stood nude and pensive before the window. He used his thumbs to crick his fingers one by one on both hands simultaneously as he tried his damndest not to think of her; but such was an impossible task. How much longer? he pondered. How much longer would it be before he could regain the missing half of his soul?
God, his heart ached at every thought of her. The gnawing fact that the hands that were caressing her weren’t his, that the lips that were kissing hers weren’t his, that the body that was making love to hers…oh dear god, it’s as if a bullet was left lodged in the center of his heart, killing him slowly, painfully, surely. His fingers curled into mighty fists at his side. No. He could tolerate it no longer. He needed to reclaim what was his. It was time he apprised Cali D of who she really was to him. That she belonged not to Cali D, but to him. And if that piece of trash tried to rebel, he’d make sure the a-hole woke up in some godforsaken country at the end of the earth that knew not civility.
A faint click of the door handle pulled him from his malevolent thoughts and he turned to the view of Nameless Blond, her green eyes bright as she said, “Goodnight, Mr. Nelson.”
In lieu of answering, he nodded at the opened door, impatient for her presence to be no more. The profound guilt that he always suffered after sleeping with someone that wasn’t her, had never allowed him to be pleasant to these innocent women who simply wanted more of him. His usual reaction to the pang of guilt he felt along with the angering fact that he couldn’t have her instead, was to take it out on the woman present. It was awful, he knew, but he couldn’t help it. Nameless Blond gave a sad smile and tottered away, the door closing silently behind her. He marveled at how alluring her green eyes were. But alluring as they were, he favored eyes that were seductively brown. A smile brightened his face. Cognac-brown to be exact.
The loud din of his cell phone broke through the silence of the room and he walked leisurely in his nudeness to retrieve it from the nightstand. At first glance of the caller ID, a huge commotion erupted in his chest. “Ralph, at this hour? Please tell me she’s okay,” he growled into the receiver, even though his eyes were squeezed shut with fear of receiving unwanted news.
“Yes, Mr. Nelson. She’s sound. But…”
“Out with it, Ralph!”
“She’s taken on a job at Secre X, Sir.”
“Secre X? Tico’s Club?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“What in God’s good name is she doing there?! Please, please say bartending,” he barked.
Ralph paused for a moment. “No, Sir. She’s dancing.”
Mere seconds ago, his eyes were heavy with sleep, but they were now wide awake with shock and rage. Things were getting out of hand. “What the hell happened to her job at the Bistro?”
“She lost it a week after her split with Cali D, Sir.”
His chest suddenly felt vacant, and he realized that it was because his heart had fallen to the pit of his stomach. “She…She hasn’t gone back to Cali D since she left him?”
“No, Sir. It seems she’s serious this time around. And it’s smart timing, too. For, as you already know, the Cubans are out for his soul this time.”
Fire blazed from his nostrils. “Then why the hell am I now hearing of all this?! That she never went back to Cali D or that she lost her job?! What the hell am I paying you all for?”
“I’m sorry, Sir. These past few weeks you’ve been from country to country, state to state and every time we’ve tried to get in touch with you…it’s to no avail.”
Damn, his addiction to work had caused him to neglect the most significant thing in his life. A weep lingered somewhere around his stomach area. If she had to pick up a job at Secre X, then that means she’s in need. Good God, she’s hurting and in need! She shouldn’t be hurting when he could so easily take her pain away. She shouldn’t be in need of anything when she already had it all. “When did she start?”
“Tonight, Sir.”
Perfect. “Go and get Tico to phone me. Now.” He began pacing the length of the room, his fingers raking through his hair repeatedly. “And from here out, every goddamn move she makes, I. Want. To. Know. Got it? Doesn’t matter how busy I am, don’t stop calling until you get through to me. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Good. I’ll reschedule all I’d planned here in Chicago and fly in first thing in the morning. I’m expecting a full report of all the events that took place within the last month.”
His fingers trembled as he pressed off the call and sank to his knees, dropping his head in his hands as his broad shoulders jerked in agony.
Oh, my sweet, brown-eyed girl, what are you doing to yourself? I’ve waited too long, haven’t I? Seven years too long. Damn…



Chapter One


Iridescent rays danced across my partially nude body as I wrapped my bare, long legs around the cold stainless steel that was, at the moment, my fortress. Imbibing half bottle of Coffee Patrón within a two-hour span was proving to be a really, really bad idea. My mind was a vortex, my vision turbid and my bones liquefied.
I opened my eyes and regarded my onlookers who bore lascivious smiles and held green bills aloft. All were wealthy and powerful business men whose wives were either forty pounds heavier than when they’d first tied the knot to do any justice to a sexy lingerie, or they’ve simply lost the sparks they once had.
As I serpentined to the center of the stage, I noticed, through my blurry vision, that Mr. Mysterious in Black was present. Ensconced in his rented booth, a lone sporter as usual, regarding me intently. Weird, was how I’d describe him. He never dances with anyone, but merely sits in his booth all night and stares at me, watching my every move. Sometimes I get the inane thought that he’s some sort of a serial killer who preys on vulnerable women. If such was the case though, it would be a complete waste of a perfectly hot hunk.
I have always kept my distance from him, have never seen him up close, and club lights do have the tendency of making anyone look good. But if my distant scrutinies didn’t lie, then I’d say he’s one alluring sonuvabitch. All dark-haired, square-jawed and fiery intense. Viewing him up close was necessary to be ascertained, though. Not like that’s ever going to happen.
With alcohol fueled bravery, I winked at him and flashed a coquettish smile. His response was a disapproving scowl and the averting of his eyes.
Ouch.
I was only—because I was drunk tonight—trying to be nice; as a way of atonement for my numerous refusals to his persistent requests for a dance with me. No way was I going within a foot of him. He was too…intimidating. He only wore the shade black and no one seemed to have any information on him—well, at least they say they don’t. It’s as if he was feared or something. That’s why I nicknamed him Mr. Mysterious in Black.
I snaked tortuously up my stainless steel fortress, closing my eyes and allowing myself to float away on the waves of Michael Jackson’s Dirty Dianna. Torn now, and starting feeling like a Dirty Sadie myself. Being dragged back to the reality of why I’d gotten this drunk in the first place. Why I’d subjected myself to this plebeian job. Why I was so disoriented.
Feeling like breaking an arbitrary rule—that had been given only to me—I awkwardly tried to undo my bra. At the undoing of the first hook, I lost my grip and went spiraling to the floor. Much too debilitated to move even a finger, I remained on the stage floor and listened as Michael Jackson screamed like a bitch in my ears, telling me how dirty I was. For seconds, minutes or hours, maybe, I just remained sprawled on the stage. Until I felt hands on my arms and feet, and my body being carried away as I was being rescued off-stage.
There was soon something soft and plush beneath me. The couch in the dress room I assumed. My eyes flicked open and I blinked rapidly, trying to gain sight of my surroundings. Catching a familiar form, I let my eyes tentatively travel up to the Stygian, glowering gaze of my pissed off boss. His wavy blond hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and his black muscle shirt stretched helplessly over his fully matured brawns. Tico was a big man. A really big man.
“What the hell is wrong with you tonight, huh?” he growled.
Unable to form a coherent sentence, I groaned. My eyes darted around the cluttered room. Bright round bulbs lined above rows of make-up mirrors that each had a fully or half-naked girl seated in front of it painting new faces over their original ones. Feathers and fluffs and bras and various dance costumes were strewed all around as girls strolled in and out of the dressing room. Pleased to find that no one was paying attention to Tico and me, I relaxed.
Failing to meet his angry eyes again, I said, “I just fell on my ass, Tico. Have some pity on me, will you?”
“You fell on your ass because you were trying to defy me. I told you: do not remove your bra!!”
“It’s an enigma why this rule applies only to me,” I said in indignation. “How the hell am I supposed to make money? I’m not allowed to dance with anyone and I’m not allowed to go topless. What’s the point of me being here then?”
“Because I, your boss, said so! And for the money, you don’t need it. Yes, Sadie, I wonder, too, why do you think you need to be here?”
I gazed up at him as if he’d spoken a distinct language. Uh, let’s see: because I lost my job merely a week after dumping my good-for-nothing-but-trouble drug dealer of a boyfriend. Have difficulties getting another job. Student loans—debt. My mother’s ailment—debt. Three months’ worth of rent owed to Brenda, and I’ll be out on my ass if I don’t have her rent by the time she returns from her excursion—more debt.
I closed my eyes and swung an arm across my face. “I won’t even attempt at answering that question, Tico.”
Tico sighed. “It’s only because I can’t say, Sadie,” he gently removed my hand from my face and gazed down at me with an I-know-something-that-you-don’t-know expression. “But trust me, you don’t need to be here. This job is not for you.”
“No, it’s definitely not for me. On that I can agree. But I need the money.”
Tico grunted in frustration just as a cocktail waitress strolled in with a glass of ice and a bottle of Club Soda. Taking the tray from her, he poured the Club Soda in the glass and sat next to me on the couch, bringing the glass to my lips, “Drink this.”
Without hesitation I drank, because frankly, I hated being drunk. I needed nothing more than to head home and fall into an infinite sleep. “Thanks.”
Tico smiled his signature panty-dropping smile. “My pleasure, Sadie.” He leaned over to whisper so only I could hear, “Just don’t forget me when Prosperity starts begging to be your best friend.” He revealed that I-know-something-that-you-don’t-know expression again, got up and strolled from the room without a backward glance.
What the heck was that supposed to mean?
As I tried to think through my intoxicated brain about Tico’s inexplicable behavior, I felt familiar hands wrap around me, and I allowed my head to rest on her shoulders. “Thanks Kash, I needed that.”
“Sadie, I know you got some awful news tonight, but I can assure you, Patrón is nobody’s friend,” Kash said, her brown eyes sincere, her caramel skin glowing. “Plus, drinking and working don’t mesh well. You’ll end up doing things you wouldn’t normally do and then regret in the morning—you almost going topless is one example.”
In response, I merely gave an “hmm.” Far too inebriated to take a lecture.
Kash looked down at me with a smile I knew was genuine. “Let me help you get dressed and take you home. You look tired and mindless. Sleep is the only cure.”
To that, I agreed.
After getting dressed and gathering my things, I leaned on Kash’s shoulder as we steered through the club towards the exit. Tico popped in my line of vision.
“You’re leaving?” he asked.
“Yes, Tico. I can’t even stand straight. What do you expect? Am I restricted from leaving the club, too?”
“No, you’re not,” he replied with a roll of his eyes. “It’s just that, you-know-who is once again demanding a dance with you.”
“Tico, the guy…makes me wary. I’m not going within a foot of him. The fact that he’s so insistent on getting a dance with me all week is creepy. Are you sure he’s not some kind of lifetime movie type predator? He’s always dressed in black. What if he’s one of those cult people who likes to kill for the rush of it?”
Tico flung his head back and laughed out. “No, Sadie. I know him very well and he’s nothing like that. He’s not a member of the club either. He just started showing up here since you began working here a few days ago. Clubs are not his sort of…thing. His presence here is because of you.”
“But, why? How does he even know me?”
Tico shrugged, but the expression he bore told me that he knew much more than he was letting off, and I was too lethargic to try deciphering anything at the moment.
“Tell him I said no, and that he should leave me the hell alone. He’s creeping me out.” I tugged on Kash’s arm prompting her to move with me. Tico gave a reluctant nod and stepped away.
I was rocked awake from my fugacious sleep as Kash pulled up outside my apartment. “What time is it?” I asked, rubbing my eyes.
“Just a little after midnight.” Shifting in her seat, she turned to face me. “You’re gonna stop, aren’t you?”
“You know me too well,” I mumbled. “There’s no point if Tico keeps restricting me from every damned thing.”
“Yeah, Tico’s behavior is a bit out of character when it comes on to you. My only thought is that he wants to set you up with that guy who watches you like a hawk.”
“Well that’s not gonna happen. He’s just too damn weird. I mean, he stares at me all night, yet if I smile at him, his face gets all serious and disapproving. But then he sends Tico to ask me for a dance. He’s just…ugh, whatever.”
Kash laughed.
But I didn’t, for the joke was lost on me. A sigh emitted instead. “I haven’t gotten a call back from any of those job applications. I’m not sure what the hell I’m gonna do now. Dancing on-stage had looked so easy.” I managed a short laugh. “Yet I couldn’t last more than four nights.”
Kash reached over and rested a warm palm on my cheek. “You are a strong, smart, fearless woman, Sadie. You’ll figure it out. You always do.”
Opening the car door, I clambered out, swaying. But in a minute Kash was there by my side placing her arm around my shoulders. “I got you.”
I knew Kash didn’t want me to stop working at the club, but to be honest, that was just not for me. At some point in my life, I was going to look back and ask myself, “What the hell was I thinking?”
Tucked away on the thirtieth floor of a skyscraping building, Secre X was a private and exclusive members-only gentlemen’s club, where only top-class business men—who were married and bored—were allowed. There were no more than about thirty members of the club and each member rented their own booth. Tico made loads from those men.
Making use of an inherited and honed talent, I at times design and sell costumes to dancers. Kash was a regular customer of mine, and I’d stopped by Secre X one night last week with a few pieces that Kash had ordered. She’d been on-stage when I arrived and I’d taken a seat by the bar and watched her while I waited. It was at that moment that I’d been like Eve who’d bitten into that deceivingly juicy apple, because the vast amount of money that Kash had made on-stage had been very temping. I’d easily convinced myself that that would’ve been an easy way to make some quick cash and pay off my debts. Such had been propelled by Kash’s encouragement. However, it didn’t take long for me to realize that one needed a carefree psyche or a completely inebriated mind to get through a few hours at such a job.
Kash halted with me on my doorstep. “Sadie, did you forget that the owner of Narcofax had said he was coming to see you tomorrow night? You know he’s entranced by you and always tips you big. Come by, if it’s only to see him. That’s a couple of hundred guaranteed.”
True, that gray-headed man did give large tips. “Okay. Maybe.”
Taking my bag, she searched around for my keys, retrieved them and opened the door. “And just remember, if you want anything at all, I’m here to your avail, okay?”
With a nod of acknowledgement, I stumbled across the threshold, closing the door behind me.
“Looks like someone’s had a busy night. You’re stoned.”
I glanced up to see Kelsy and Tevin cuddled up on the big black couch in my living room, staring at me with amusement.
“You two shit faces still here? Don’t you have a home?” I grumbled as I walked rather clumsily over to the black leather recliner in the corner and sprawled out in it.
“You left us watching Gone with the Wind, and it just ended. You know how long that damned movie is. We were just about to leave anyways,” Kelsy said, popping her gum. “You’re back early though, how was ya night?”
“Shitty.”
Kelsy Mitchell looked at me with her big green eyes, her long dark hair pigtailed with red hair ties and her bodacious frame swallowed up in one of Tevin’s oversized sweaters. She’s been my best friend, confidante and everything in between for five years. Polar opposites, though. She was from an affluent upbringing and I was from an impecunious, dysfunctional family. But Kelsy had always loved me for me and shared my tears and laughs with me—though laughs, for me, weren’t much. That, along with the fact that I could be used as an excuse to her parents so she could date my ride or die thug of a friend, Tevin.
Tevin was unacceptable, ineligible, absolutely not the son-in-law that Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell would approve of. He was, quintessentially, the kind of man all women should steer clear of. Tevin Trouble was what I called him. Trouble with a capital T. But I can’t lie, though, I adored the curly-haired, Hispanic hombre as a brother as he loved me like a sister. At just over six feet he was athletically built with a unique Spanish swagger to him. He had a large heart-designed tattoo with massive wings on his arm that had all three of our names etched in it.
“Just imagine, you own a house with five bathrooms,” I slurred, wagging a lazy finger at Tevin. “And you,” I slurred to Kelsy, “have enough money to buy one with twice as much bathrooms. Yet, in this apartment that I rent and share a bathroom, you dwell in it more than I do.” I closed my eyes and flopped back in the recliner. “I should just let y’all pay my rent when Brenda gets back from New York. Lizards.”
“We just wish you’d actually let us pay the flippin’ rent and stop playing Miss Pride,” Tevin snapped, his words all curled up with that Hispanic accent.
Ignored him I did.
“Come on, Sadie. You’re stressing yourself out over things we can help you with easily. Nothing’s wrong with accepting help from others sometimes,” Kelsy joined in, her voice laden with compassion.
“I don’t want your money. Neither do I want your pity. Didn’t you guys just say you were leaving?”
“Stubborn as always,” Tevin said, wagging his head. “C’mon, babe. Let’s go.”
Their steps neared me and then I felt their kisses on my cheeks. “G’night, pony. See ya in da’ morrow,” Kelsy whispered.
The soft click of the door seconds later confirmed that they were gone. Unsteadily, I got up from the recliner and headed to my bedroom, tossing myself onto the bed without undressing.
Oh shoot…
It didn’t matter how stoned I was, there was one thing I had to do before I met up with sleep. I reached over to the nightstand, retrieved my old, tattered bible and opened to where it was bookmarked. The words were blurred due to the heaviness of sleep in my eyes, but I strained and read the highlighted words in Proverbs that I’d been reading every night for the past six years:
Oh God, I beg two favors from you; let me have them before I die.
First, help me never to tell a lie.
Second, give me neither poverty nor riches.
Give me just enough to satisfy my needs.
As the last of the words slurred from my lips, my eyes instantly grew heavier and sleep overpowered.



Chapter Two


Brilliant sunrays came bursting through my bedroom windows, coercing me from my sleep. My eyes opened in reluctance and an instantaneous headache pounced upon me.
Hangover.
Today would be a weighty, mood-swinging day, I could tell. Rising from my slumber, I dragged myself to the bathroom.
My hideous reflection stared back at me in the mirror, cognac irises surrounded by lashes as long as palm tree leaves. My heart-shaped face was all mascara-blotched and lipstick-smeared. And my twenty-six inches of chocolate brown ripples were tangled in knots. Death resembled me.
Deciding on a long, hot shower, I denuded myself and hopped beneath the steaming shower. Tensed muscles soon relaxed as hot water sprayed over my body. Scorching, I liked it that way. Sometimes I think I have an addiction to pain. It’s distracting.
Tossing my head back, I let the water beat on my face, stinging my sensitive skin.
Lord, what was to become of me now? I. Am. Such. A mess.
That tragic and unexpected news I received last night still had me horrifically shocked. Though, I couldn’t understand why it was a ‘shock’ when I’d known it was bound to happen sooner or later. A mere month after breaking up with him. A mere month. And now he was gone.
It was the work of a divine intervention that I’d timely mustered up the courage and left him. For sure, as soon as I realized that I was a mess on my own, I would’ve gone back to him. As I always did.
When Tevin had brought me the news last night about him, my ex-boyfriend Cali D, being murdered in his house, I’d slipped into momentary shock. As much as I was sick and tired of the selfish, insensitive bastard, learning that the life of someone you’ve spent so much of your time with had just been taken with such brutality as if it had no value, does indeed summon forth tears. Cali D was never the ideal man. But he was there for me at a time when I was lost. Yes, once upon a time I was twenty times more lost than I am now. Believe it.
What if I’d never broken up with him? It was a ritual for him to stay in on Tuesdays and watch boxing matches on television. And I knew, implicitly, that I would’ve been there with him, sprawled on his fluffy white carpet in his TV room watching boxing matches, and the assailants would have killed us both. I could have been dead.
I shuddered.
The thought was frightening. It was sad that he had to go that way. I didn’t love him, no, but he was what I knew for six years. Rough, tough, hardcore love. Drugs, guns, cynicism and disloyalty.
Cali D had been my shoulder, my refuge, and an oasis in the desert since that time I could no longer plague myself with thoughts about—thanks to my retrograde amnesia. I was heartbroken, vulnerable and weak, and Cali D was a timely distraction. But I’ve never loved him. Never wanted to share my heart with anyone. So because Cali D was easy not to love, I’d stayed with him. Many a times I’d left him when he became overwhelming and possessive, but I’d always go back, for the fear of starting over; or worse yet, meeting someone and falling in love with them. I didn’t want to love. There was some unknown force that wouldn’t allow me to. So staying with Cali D seemed safe. Safe only where my heart was concerned, but not my life.
The thought that my blood, along with his, could’ve painted that white carpet red, was shivering. I hated my life, yes, but I didn’t want to die, no. “Thank you, God,” I whispered under the cascading hot shower, “for getting me out of there in time.”
That’s why I’d drunk myself into oblivion last night. I was so shocked, desolate, despaired, timorous. In a myriad of emotions I was entwined, and the alcohol was comforting. It’d afforded temporary solace.
After showering and spending over thirty minutes of blowing-drying and struggling to school my overly long and unruly curls, I began rummaging through my closet of self-made apparels.
I smiled with pride for a moment.
At least I was good for something. Nothing gave me greater pleasure than sketching my own fashion, shopping for fabrics—when I could afford such luxury—sitting behind my mother’s old machine and creating my own designs. It was my vice.
A dress that I’d made last winter, intended for this season, caught my eye: a pale green, squared-neck, flared, spring dress. I grabbed it from the hanger and donned it along with my light yellow loafers. Then girlishly puckered my lips as I turned from side to side checking myself out in the mirror. I looked very…Spring.
My overt predilection for colors was beknownst to all. I couldn’t help it. Besides, my mood was not in its brightest today, so my apparels might as well be. To complete my outfit, I grabbed my large Givenchy handbag, black with yellow straps.
After snatching up everything I needed, I left the apartment, stuck my earplugs into my ears and selected Pink’s song, Crystal Ball, on my iPod. Apt for my crappy life right now. There were a million cracks in my crystal ball. I wrestled my emergent feeling of depression into submission as I commenced my promenade to Starbucks under the warmness of the early March sunlight.
Seating myself in a corner at Starbucks, I took a sip of my espresso, closed my eyes in appreciation and hummed. Upon checking the time on my cell phone I noted it was 9:25am. Ten o’clock would be appropriate enough to visit Miss De’Lacy. That gave me a few minutes to catch up on this Laura Kinsale novel I’d been trying to complete for about two weeks now. I withdrew my paperback of Flowers from the Storm from my handbag and began reading. Despite his impediment, I was utterly in love with the hero Christian Langland. But was overly disgusted and annoyed with the heroine, Maddie.
“Wouldst thou likest…” I mocked at the pages.
A stifled chuckle sounded above, startling me, which prompted me to look up, and there I met warm brown eyes peering down at me. A tall, ashy-blond haired man, who was rather very handsome, by the way, was hovering over me, his mouth twisted in a grin suppression.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi,” I echoed. “Can I help you?”
“Yes, you can. By allowing my presence at your table so I can enjoy my coffee. I’m in a rather somber mood today and need me some company.”
“I’m sorry. I’m afraid my mood mirrors yours. I couldn’t possibly bring cheer to anyone at the moment. And unlike you, I’m desiring no one’s company. Not even my own.”
“Already we have one thing in common. That’s got to be a sign.” His smile was charming and his voice soothingly melodic. Clad in a charcoal jacket suit with a crisp white shirt and shiny black shoes, he resembled every bit a confident businessman. He looked…expensive.
“My mother told me never to talk to strangers,” I quipped, bringing my book up to my face as a sign of dismissal.
It was ineffective.
He chuckled and took the vacant seat opposite me. “My mother told me the same thing. That’s two things we have in common so far.”
“You’re annoying me,” I said petulantly.
He nodded towards the book in my hand. “More than the character you were mocking in that book?”
His question elicited an involuntary giggle from me. Oh hell no, I don’t think anyone could be as annoying as Maddie.
“Yes,” I lied.
With a bright smile, he fixated his stare on me, causing me to shift uncomfortably. “You are very beautiful. Quite radiant.” His brows crinkled in a frowned at that, and something unfathomable flitted across his face. I didn’t acknowledge his compliment.
He was obviously as determined on sitting here as I was determined to ignore him. As long as he remained quiet, we’d be good. Bringing my book back up to my face, I resumed reading. ‘Christian went out on the battlements when he wanted to be alone…’
The handsome brown-eyed man was quiet and seemed to be lost in thought. Despite his earlier proclamation of being in a somber mood, it was paradoxical to his cheery demeanor, then. Now, he wasn’t looking somber per se, but something was definitely a bother to him. Not that I cared. I lowered my peeking eyes and continued nosing my pages.
“I’m Devon,” I heard him say after a while.
My eyes peered over the top of my paperback. “Oh,” was all I replied.
“Do you have a name?”
Irritated, I slammed my book shut and was about to say something peppery, when I noticed that his expression was different from what was it was earlier. He was no longer amused or thoughtful, but earnest and, if I wasn’t mistaking, desirous.
Staring back at him, I blushed a little. No, I wasn’t attracted to him, but that look was…
“Sadie,” I answered. “My name is Sadie.”
“Sadie,” he whispered my name absentmindedly, lost in thought again. What’s going on with him? Freaked, I checked my cell phone for the time and noticed I’d stayed past planned time. It was 10:10am.
Stuffing my book, iPod and cell phone back into my bag, I swung it over my shoulder and started to leave. My movements seemed to have dragged Devon from his reveries.
“Sadie, hold up.”
On a heavy sigh, I halted and looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Your beauty and your presence are ethereal. I didn’t expect—” he stopped short and his brows furrowed. “I’d like to see you again sometime.”
What did he expect me to do, swoon at his words and say: ‘Oh, anytime, Devon. Anything.’?
I snorted. Countless men have met women in coffee shops and repeated that line, I’m sure. Wagging my head, I turned and walked off.
He jogged to my side. “Please, Sadie. Can I have your number?”
“No.”
“Okay, I’ll give you mine.”
“Sure.” There was no hesitation, because I knew that I would not be calling. My hand shot out, waiting.
He frowned at my non-hesitant acquiescence. Running his hand along the sides of his jacket, he shrugged. “I have no pen or cards on me now. Let me put it in your cell phone.” He stared at me in scrutiny. Oh God, the man just wouldn’t give up.
Sighing, I reached into my handbag for my cell phone and handed it to him. He entered his number, then returned my phone and narrowed his eyes. “Can I trust that you’ll call me?” “Yeah. Whatever,” I muttered and strode off.
“It was nice meeting you, Sadie,” he called after me.
The feeling is unilateral, Devon.

Miss De’Lacy opened her front door with a glowing smile and luminous gray eyes. Her chestnut hair wrapped in a neat coiffure and her late forties features smooth and radiant.
She enveloped me in a warm hug. “Sadie, how are you doing, darling?”
“I’m fine, Miss De’Lacy. How’s everything?” I smiled.
“Oh, you know, we’re just taking it one day at a time.”
A small lump formed in my throat when I asked, “How is she?”
Miss De’Lacy’s face fell. “She’s diminishing. I don’t know why, but her body doesn’t seem to be responding to the meds anymore.”
Pinching my eyes shut, I willed away the surfacing pain.
“I think she wants to go. She’s lost all hope,” she continued.
Miss De’Lacy was the sympathetic Christian neighbor of my childhood. Shortly after my mother had gotten infected, she’d slipped into depression and set our uninsured house to flames, in an attempt to kill herself. Fortunately, she was saved—from the fire. We were homeless, clothes-less, penniless. And I was only eighteen and slowly recovering from my brutal head injury. Clueless, but I had to make the decisions since my mom was voluntarily insane enough to be negligent.
In came Miss De’Lacy who’d offered to care for my mother until I was on my own two feet. I’d reluctantly agreed. Shortly after, I’d begun waitressing at a bistro while I studied fashion designing in college part-time. Then I met Cali D, who was substantial enough, at that time, to bring me back to sanity.
I shuffled in my handbag, pulled out a white envelope with my earnings for the week and handed it to Miss De’Lacy. “For the month. It’s short one hundred. I’ll get that for you by Monday.”
“Sadie, I know you’ve lost your job and I told you I’d wait,” she said sternly.
“I know, but I have this now to pay you. So…”
Miss De’Lacy pursed her lips and unwillingly took the envelope. No doubt biting her tongue to resist scolding me, as usual, about my obstinacy.
“And here’s her meds for another month.” I rubbed my sweaty palms along my dress. “Can I see her?”
“Of course, darling,” Miss De’Lacy smiled. “She’s your mother.”
My attempt to smile was a failure. I followed Miss De’Lacy down the hall through her charming three-bedroom house, cluttered with trophies and pictures of her children and grandchildren and of her husband who’d passed away from cancer two years ago. Miss De’Lacy was a kindhearted woman who did good deeds only because it brought her contentment. Yep, some people are like that.
She led me out into the backyard where my mother was seated, inert, on an iron bench, gazing vacuously into De’Lacy’s blooming and flamboyant garden.
She was more pallid and meager than she’d been last week. Her hair that was once a bountiful bundle of curls that mimicked mine had now dwindled into limp looseness. My heart wrenched. It was like she was disappearing before me.
Theresa Francé used to be as beauteous as the bright yellow roses behind her. But just as those roses’ beauty will fade as the spring sun changes, so Theresa’s hue has faded by life’s capricious phases. I sat next to her on the bench, but she didn’t move, as if she didn’t even notice I was there. She’s the one who’s doing this to herself. There are many people out in the world who are HIV-infected and still live happy lives.
“Hi, mom,” I whispered.
She didn’t answer. Nor did she turn to look at me.
“I miss you, mom. I miss talking to you. I miss us, designing and sewing together. I miss your laughs. I miss your smile. I miss you,” I told her softly.
Silence ensued.
Tears welled in my eyes… “Can you please get better for me? Can you not lose hope and just try? It doesn’t have to be like this.” …And they streamed down my face beyond my control.
With my fingers entwined, I sat there, just hoping to hear her voice. Her sweet, sing-song voice that I haven’t heard in so long.
In ensuing silence I waited, as she stared blankly into the garden. I heard birds chirping. Tree leaves shaking. The soft, almost inaudible cooing of the wind. But I heard not my mother’s voice. I waited. And waited. And waited.
My eyes closed on a sigh of resignation. Another day tried. Another day failed.
Defeated, a sob heaved forth as I made to leave, but then I felt her. Her cold hand rested tentatively on mine. She didn’t look at me though; her eyes were still transfixed on the garden.
“Sewing,” she croaked. “I miss that, too. And I miss you. And I miss life.” Her voice was frail and forlorn.
Frantically, I flashed my tears away with my free hand and placed my hand over hers. “You have life. You do. Choose to live and not die. Please. I love you. You’re all I have. Please don’t leave me, mom.”
She looked down at my hand that covered hers and shakily lifted it to her face, placing my palm flat on her cheek.
“Warm,” she said, wistfully. “You are warm. You live.” She then lifted her hand and placed her palm on my cheek. “Feel. Tell me. Am I not cold?” Her brows furrowed as she said this and I closed my eyes and leaned into her touch.
I wouldn’t answer and say what she wanted me to say. That her touch was cold. It was, but she still lived, and I could make her warm.
“You see, honey? I’m already dead,” she bleakly whispered.
“No, mom!” I cried. “You’re not. I can warm you. God can heal you. Please choose life. Please.”
She gazed at me with vacant eyes, “God?” Closing her eyes, she slowly shook her head. “God gave me a husband who cheats. A husband who beats. A husband who infects.” She flicked open her eyes and regarded me, slanting her head the side, “God gave me sickness so he could heal me? God gave me life so he could take it back? Is that love, darling, or is it a tease? Tell me.”
I wagged my head frantically at her. What? Theresa never talks like this. No, we never curse God. Ever. “Mom, please don’t speak like this. It’s wrong. Please don’t.”
She blinked at me. Once. Twice. Three times. And with a steely resolve she transfixed her eyes on the garden once more. And I knew then that she was done talking. I decided not to force her anymore. She has given up. Completely.
I tentatively lay my head in her lap and was relieved when she didn’t push me away. Moments later, I felt her hand in my hair, raking gently through my stubborn curls. A small smile swept across my face.
I miss her so much.
We stayed like that for a while, and I allowed myself to drift off into a weary, sorrowed sleep. Induced by my mother’s weary, sorrowed touch.



Chapter Three


“The guy just wants one dance, Sadie. Just one dance.”
“I said no, Tico! Can I just have my last night here without your annoyance, please? Thank you.”
Tico was getting on my last nerve. He’s been up my ass all night trying in earnest to get me to agree to a dance with Mr. Mysterious in Black.
“Why are you so insistent on this?” I asked on a lifted brow. Really, I’d like to know. It was so out of character for Tico.
“Because he’s being insistent. As much as I’m annoying you, he’s annoying me. So believe me, I know,” Tico said through a heavy breath.
My hands settled on my hips. “Okay, so he’s a nuisance. Throw his ass out, Tico! Problem solved.”
Tico laughed heartily as if my suggested solution was the most incredulous thing. His beefy chest jerking, his white teeth brightened by the psychedelic club lights. “I can’t, Sadie. He’s the—” he stopped short, frowned, then placed his hands on my shoulders. “Just one dance. I’ll pay you to.”
Pay me? Dude’s that desperate? I laughed out involuntarily and Tico gave me a quizzical stare.
“Okay. One dance.” I wagged my index finger in his face to emphasize the one dance.
Tico gave a bit-lip grin, his eyes gleaming. “One dance is all it’ll take.”
Deep breath in. Deep breath out. I sent a silent invocation for the DJ to play a really short song, because I was not looking forward to dancing with this man. Begrudgingly, I entered the booth of Mr. Mysterious in Black to find him tapping away furiously on his cell phone. He didn’t seem to notice that I’d entered. Seem.
“You requested a dance?” I said in hesitation. He seemed rapt in whatever he was doing on his phone. Sending an email? Texting a lover? Who cares?
He spoke without lifting his head, his attention directed fully to his phone screen. “Sit.”
His commanding tone stood firm against the flowing music of the club, while I stood aghast. “Look, Sir, I don—”
“Sit, Sadie.” He shot me a brief, quelling stare, shook his head and resumed typing.
I could only stand and stare, stunned at the way my appellation rolled comfortably from his tongue. He uttered my name with such ease, like the way a person who knows me would. In a way that only a person who says my name frequently would say it. Familiar. How did he even know my name? I’m going to kill Tico.
Lost in thought, I seated myself on the red leather banquette next to him, being sure to keep my distance. There’s something about him that made me timorous, though I wouldn’t dare let him see that.
I surreptitiously appraised his features and found that I was right: he is hot. His dark hair was dashed messily across his forehead, giving him that model-type essence. About two days of stubble shadowed his face. Oh, what stubble on a man’s face do to me.
His jaws were acutely squared and angular and his lips, oh his lips, were too pink to be fitted on a man. I estimated him no older than thirty. In scrutiny, I leaned in closer, wishing the booth lights were a tad more revealing. I wanted to see the color of his eyes. I wanted to be able to admire him further…
Mr. Mysterious in Black suddenly glanced up at me, and I swallowed noisily, feeling like a child who’d just been caught with her hand in the cookie jar. A ghost of a smile whispered across his lips, and with his eyes locked on mine, he slipped his phone inside his jacket pocket. Why do I feel so warm all of a sudden?
I averted my eyes and fixed them on the bottle of Grey Goose Vodka that sat on the table, minding its own business.
“The song will end soon,” I said, a bit too weak. “I agreed only to one dance.”
“I don’t want a dance, Sadie. I just want to talk.”
The courage came to raise my eyes to his face. “It’s Strawberry for you, not Sadie. And I’m not interested in talking.”
He leaned towards me, both his palms pressed flat on his thighs, and fixed his hard, implacable gaze on mine. “It’s Sadie for me. It will always be Sadie for me,” he averred, and just stared at me, unblinking, trying to sear me with his gaze.
Not wanting to seem intimidated by him, I tried to hold his gaze. I really tried. But inauspiciously, I was undermined. Aiming for indifference, I waved my hand in a dismissive gesture. “Whatever, weirdo.”
He blinked, looking vaguely amused, then snorted. “Strawberry,” he mocked, shaking his head at the word.
“I’m still not interested in talking. So, I think I’m done here.”
Shooting to my feet, I made to leave, but then I felt his heated grip on my wrist. “Please. Sit and talk with me.”
It was not his plea that halted me, my body stopped of its own volition. His touch was like a live wire and…familiar. I glanced down at his hand that held mine, then back at him. Confused.
“Please,” he repeated. His voice pleaded but his expression was impassive. How did he manage that?
“Okay,” I acquiesced. Because to be candid, I didn’t really want to leave. Couldn’t leave after feeling his touch. It gripped me not only on my wrist, but other places…deep down within me… awakening the vestiges of eradicated emotions. Who was he?
“What do you want to talk about?” I asked, aiming for casual.
“You.”
“Me? What about me?”
“For one, I despise seeing you on that stage. It…It pains me,” he confessed.
Why?
“Oh, really? Then why the hell are you here, Mr. Prudery? Is it not to watch half-naked women wrap themselves around a pole?”
His faced scrunched into repulse. “No. I don’t do strip clubs. I’m here because of you.”
What? What does that even mean? “You’re not making any sense. Do you know me from somewhere?”
He ran a hand through his mass of dark hair, clearly deliberating something. Hell, that one move had me squirming. Evading my question, he said, “Tico, tells me this is your last night.”
“Yes,” I confirmed.
“And your intentions for employment?”
“That’s for me to worry about. Not you.”
What was I going to do for employment, though? My bills? My responsibilities? Heavens, I didn’t want to think about any of that right now. In the hope of temporarily decimating my worries, I reached for the bottle of Grey Goose Vodka to fill my glass. But he placed his hand over mine, objecting. And there’s that feeling again. Now I really needed that drink.
“No. No alcohol.”
“Look, mister, you don’t own me, you don’t know me and you can’t tell me what to do,” I sassed.
“Telling you what to do is not my aim. I’ve seen the calamities you evoke when you drink,” he smirked, making jest of my mishap the night before.
Sulking like a teenager, I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms. Such was most certainly out of character for me. Oh, this man…
He looked amused again. “What do you enjoy? Your pastime?”
His gaze was so penetrating, I couldn’t help the thought that he was trying to tell me something with his eyes. What did he want me to see? The lighting in the club was inadequate to tell, anyways.
“Fashion designing, reading fiction and listening to Pink’s music.”
Turning sideward, he lapped one leg beneath the other, rested his elbow on the top edge of the banquette and seated his chin in his palm. Taking on the form of relaxation. “Interesting,” he nodded. “Do you have a profile with your designs?”
“Um, no. I’d given up the thought of making it a career. Landing a solid job in the field has proved improbable in this crammed city. Now it’s just pastime or design on demand.”
“So what have you thought about doing career-wise? Well, other than this.” He waved his hand toward the stage, then raised his eyebrow at me in the most unique way I’ve ever seen. It’s so far up and perfectly arched. That’s…hot. Smoking hot!
Trying to focus on the conversation, I cleared my throat. “There’s nothing else that I’d love to do second to designing. But I just have to take whatever comes. Designing is all I know. I’d acquired my Bachelor’s in fashion designing two years ago and had thought about going for my Master’s, but after not being able get anywhere in the field…” I shrugged. Hard work doesn’t always pay off.
He didn’t censor me as I’d expect him to. Instead, he offered, “I know a designer. He owes me a great deal of favors. He has a grand fashion house here. I’ll talk with him and get you an interview. In the meantime you can start a compilation of your designs and create a profile.”
Befuddled I was at his kindness. Why would he do that? He doesn’t even know me. “Okay Mister, whoever you are, I believe in saving myself—and others’—time. And pain. People tend to lie to themselves, even when they know the truth. I don’t. You want something from me. What is it? Tell me and I’ll assure you if I can provide such assistance or not. The kindness and gratuity is superfluous. Trust me, it’ll save us both a lot of time if we’re aboveboard with each other.”
He did that damned thing with his eyebrow again and it made me want him. Badly. How the hell was I so affected by him?
Trying not to squirm, I quickly continued, “You either want a screw buddy, a relationship, someone to tether up and whip around or someone to kill in heightening of your homicidal acts.”
He blinked at me, clearly not amused. With impregnable eyes, he only stared at me. Intellect told me he was schooling his irritation.
My respiratory cycle ceased, he intimidated me to the very core. And I wasn’t a woman who feared easily. I possessed an intrepid, unyielding personality. A foolhardy, should I dare be self-deprecating.
But this man…
He closed his eyes, inhaled slowly, then exhaled. “Just one thing,” he voiced in a quiet tone. “Only to be your friend.”
That answer was unexpected and…disappointing.
“Is that too much for you to give, Sadie? Is that time-saving enough?” he asked, tilting his head to the side.
My eyes dropped to my drink on the table as I now felt awful. Maybe he was really just trying to be kind. Maybe. “No. That’s fine. We can be friends.”
Could I really just be friends with such a tempting man?
“Good. So will you allow my aid in getting you the interview?”
“Yes.”
“Good,” he repeated, appeased. “I’m glad you’ve gathered your wits and decided to leave this God-awful place. I feared I’d have to drag you out of here myself.” He murmured the latter more to himself than to me.
I would’ve questioned that addition, but I’d already come to the conclusion that the man was like a giant Rubik’s Cube. If we would eventually be friends, as he requested, then I’d stealthily try to decipher him myself because I didn’t trust that he would be truthful if I asked.
“It was a means to an end.”
“An explanation is not needed, Sadie. Judging is Jesus’s job, not mine. You’ve worked for less than a week and already you’re quitting. That says plenty.”
Uncurling his leg from beneath the other, he leaned forward, took a sip of his drink, then directed his gaze out to the dance floor. My eyes took the opportunity to devour him, good-looking sonuvabitch that he was. Dressed in the only shade I’d ever seen him worn, all-black.
He was quiet and pensive, prompting me to wonder what he was thinking about. He dropped his head in his hands and began rubbing his temples with his thumbs. Something was wrong. Did he remember I was still beside him?
He spoke before I could ask. “I heard you had an accident and your car was totaled. Do you have a ride home?”
Tico is such a blabber! I’m going slit his frickin’ tongue. “Yes. My friend, Kash, always takes me home.”
He nodded, then a minute later he lifted his head to face me. His impassivity was superseded by some other expression I couldn’t quite discern. Care? Concern? Compassion? “Are you okay otherwise?’’
I nodded.
“In every way, you are okay?”
A nod repeated.
“Are you sure?”
Jeez. What’s it to him? Maybe I should just leave, he was much too bewildering. And the fact that I desired him prompted me to question my sanity. I nodded again in reply and rose to my feet. “I should get going.”
His mouth opened as if to object but then he evidently resigned himself. “Yeah. Okay.”
Taking out his wallet, he withdrew seven crisp one hundred dollar bills and handed them to me.
“No. This is too much,” I rejected. I wasn’t even going to charge him.
“No. It’s not. You’ve been good company. Besides, seven is my favorite number at the moment.”
Huh? “Gratis. I haven’t even given you a dance. We’ve been—”
“Please take the damn money and don’t argue with me,” he snapped.
Shell-shocked at his tone, I glowered at him, unable to speak.
He ran a hand through his hair and softened his expression. “I’m sorry,” he apologized. “That’s what I want to pay. It’s not too much. In fact, it’s too little.”
“But what if I don’t want it?”
“Then I’ll find some other way to get it to you. You can either take it from my hands now or get conned into taking it from someone else. And it will be doubled by then.”
Someone else like Tico, I’m sure.
I glared at this disparate male in confusion before capitulating. What an odd man. And one who’s too handsome for his own good.
As I made to leave I realized that he hadn’t requested my number. Given his inexplicable familiarity, I considered the possibility that he already had it, but I decided not to risk the opportunity of a job interview. “You didn’t take my number.”
He looked up at me through his too-long lashes, and for the first time since I’d been here, he smiled. A disarming, I-can-make-you-cum-like-this smile. My, my, he is such a fine specimen.
Disappointment suddenly jabbed at me. It’s been a millennium since I’ve been this attracted to anyone. But this man wanted only friendship. And on top of that he scares the living daylights out of me and confuses me to the point of brain pain.
“I’ll give you mine,” he said smoothly. He reached inside his jacket pocket for a business card and proffered it. But when I reached for it, he frowned at some unknown thought and retracted, returning the card from whence it came. “I’ll voice it.”
I shook my head at his umpteenth bewildering action for the night, took out my cell phone and transcribed the numbers to my phone as he said them. My cell phone prompted me for a name and I realized then that I’d been chattering with the man, agreeing to friendship, accepting favors, lusting, and I didn’t even know his name. “Um, I didn’t get your name.”
Smile number two was even more beguiling. He leaned forward with his palms flat on his thighs, just as he’d done earlier, fixed his eyes on mine and breathed, “Natalio.”
And I couldn’t, for the life of me, command my eyes to leave his. Why did he say his name like that? Hope-filled and promising. This man is…I don’t know.
Once again, I couldn’t shake the thought that he was trying to tell me something with his eyes. But what? I shook my head to clear it, entered his name and saved the number. My ears were not oblivious to his heavy sigh as he leaned back on the banquette.
Unable to utter another syllable to this mystifying man, I exited the booth and strolled with purpose through the lights-flashing, music-pumping club. Resisting the urge to look back at the perplexing Mr. Mysterious in Black who wanted only to be my friend.



Chapter Four


I was clothed in white. All-white. And there was a crown of Lilies upon my head. I was standing on a river bank, gazing at the cascading waterfall. The sound was heavenly and the skies above me were clear. More temperate the weather couldn’t have been. Whiter than snow were the clouds, and its bluest blue was the sky. The water splashed the river bank, asking me to trust it. So I stepped from the bank and into the river. It was soothing, and clear. Very clear. I stared at my feet in the transparent water, then wiggled my toes. Whisperingly, the water responded. It pleaded for my trust, and I yielded. I waded deeper into the cool river water, spread my arms and fell back. The river caught me, assuring me of its virtue, and sent me afloat. Away I floated, dressed in all-white, my arms spread wide…
My eyes flickered open. Wow, that has got to be the most peaceful dream I’ve ever had in my life. With a resident smile, I swung out of bed. My mood was much more favorable than yesterday’s. Glancing at my bedside clock, I noted it was almost noon.
The doorbell rang and I knew, without doubt, that it was Kelsy. On a moan, I slugged myself from the bedroom, down the hall and through the living room. My fingers had scarcely turned the doorknob when Kelsy, my dear friend, barged in.
“Hey, grumpy,” she lilted as she popped a gum bubble.
“Sup, nuisance? Where’s Tev?” I yawned, rubbing my eyes.
She plopped herself on the couch and switched on the television. “Working.”
I snorted. “Working or hustling?”
Kelsy shrugged. “Same difference.”
Excusing myself, I disappeared to the bathroom to freshen up and popped a Ginko biloba pill down my throat. It was a medication I took each day to hopefully help me with my memory. You see, my father used to be an abusive man to both my mother and I. And seven years ago, he’d whacked me in the head with a baseball bat, which had sent me into a two-day coma. I’d woken up with retrograde amnesia, not remembering anything that’d happened prior to the head injury. Although my doctor had told me that recalling events close to the injury was rare or unlikely, as years went by pieces of my memory sluggishly came back to me. Doctors say that it may not be my memory but my imagination. But don’t they all think they know everything? Even my own damn memory? What do they have to say to people who just become miraculously healed from deathly illness like cancer? My thought about doctors is simply this: they are not God.
I knew they were my memories, because people from my past had confirmed the events I recalled as true and exact. Which is how I remembered that the reason I’d been battered by my father—may the devil torture his hellacious soul—was because I’d slept out when I was only seventeen years of age. It had happened the morning after that night. That night that I was glad my memory refused to jog down.
I plodded back into the living room where Kelsy was sprawled on the sofa watching some crappy MTV reality show. The apartment that I shared with my absent roommate was a luxurious one and was more than I should’ve been able to afford. But my roommate, Brenda, was another rich gal like Kelsy, and her moneybag parents had bought her the place. Through mutual friendship with Kelsy, she charged me rent for less than what it’s worth.
It screamed modern, with high end furniture and appliances. My bedroom was big enough to be divided into two bedrooms for a regular-sized apartment, and my bathroom was half that size. Yep, I slept on a king-size bed, watched a fifty-inch flat-screen television and cooked in a gourmet-style kitchen. One would never believe I was up to my neck in debts with the way I dwelled. All the people around me were prosperous, except me. I was just a sponger. Funny, isn’t it?
Making my way into the kitchen, I opened the cupboards on my side, scanning the contents. Ramen Noodle would have to suffice. Eking on my paltry stipend, I’d have to top up on groceries later. I set a mug of water in the microwave to heat.
“So what’re ya plans for today?” Kelsy asked from the living area.
“Staying in and sketching. Creating a profile is in thought.”
Kelsy turned to look at me, folding her arms on the edge of the sofa and resting her chin atop. “What brought that on?”
To my surprise, I blushed. Uh, what the heck? “I have this, um, friend who knows some grand designer and has offered to get me a job interview.”
Kelsy raised a neatly shaped brow, her interest piqued. “A friend? Do I know this friend?”
“No, I met him last night.”
“Him?”
“Yes, Kelsy. The new acquaintance is a ‘him’.”
“And do you normally blush like that when you talk about friends that are ‘hims’?” she asked, her raised brow residing. “I’ve never seen you that scarlet when you talk about Tev, and I’d kill you if that happened.”
With a roll of my eyes, I confessed, “Okay Kelsy, I admit, I’m attracted. He’s damned hot. And I mean panty-seat-goes-wet-on-the-spot hot!”
“But?”
“He just wants to be friends,” I shrugged.
“Oh.” Kelsy frowned. “Odd.”
“Yes, oh and odd.” Every darn thing about the man was odd. I wondered if he also had an odd—
The microwave beeped and dragged me from thoughts that were about to take a stroll down naughty lane. I poured hot water in my Ramen cup soup and went to sit beside Kelsy on the couch. She looked distracted. “You okay, sis?”
She shook her head. “Dad’s buying me an apartment. He says it’s time for me to wake up, go out, and learn to live on my own. I’m scared.”
My eyes assessed my beautiful, dark-haired, fraternal sister whose major worry was living on her own. Mr. Mitchell, her father, was a known oil tycoon, her mother prospered in the architectural field and Kelsy sat lazily with her MBA. She’d obediently gone through college and acquired such only to appease her parents. She was, like me, an only child. And she simply lived in luxury. Whatever she desired was dropped in her palm before she even completed a sentence of request. But her father was right, she needed to step out into the world and endeavor to be her own woman. She was highly educated, intelligent and fluent when needs be. But she just didn’t possess an ambitious spirit. Maybe if she had a sibling to contend with, then she might have pushed to do something. Being around a hustler—Tevin—and an unemployed, aspiring designer—myself—twenty-four-seven, gives no inspiration to do better. “Your father’s right, Kels. You’re a spoiled brat.”
She folded her arms and pouted. Point made.
“Your daddy won’t be around forever. You need to learn to make good decisions and so far, you suck at it—just like me. You have the opportunity to choose. Many people, like myself, don’t. I’ve told you in his presence and in his absence that Tev is bad for you.” I set my cup soup on the coffee table and took her hand in mine. “Look at what happened to Cali D. I could have been there and I could have been dead, too. Learn from my mistake, Kelsy. I love Tev to death but he’s unhealthy.”
Tevin had been my friend and brother for six years. He’d been Cali D’s right-hand man when I met him. Because he had been there to keep my company when Cali D wasn’t, we’d grown extremely close. But the greedy ingrate that Cali D was known to be, had eventually caused him and Tevin to become enemies. Tevin and I had retained our growing friendship, nevertheless.
One day while he was giving me a lift from college, we’d seen this bodacious beauty on the roadside who’d looked pissed and annoyed that her CLK tire had gone flat. Tevin had pulled over to her aid, and for them, it was love at first sight. They were instantly drawn to each other and became inseparable. Kelsy and I had grown to become best friends and uncleavable, also.
Kelsy stared at me with wet green eyes, then she swung her arms around me. “I know. I know he’s bad. But I love him too much to give him up. I worry a lot that something might happen, like what happen to Cali D. But I just can’t…I love Tev.”
“I know you do. Let’s just invoke a divine intervention for him and hope his interruption to Damascus is near,” I soothed, knowing that was next to impossible. Tevin had made it clear a zillion times that he wanted no other life. There are some bad guys that want desperately to be good and some bad guys that are just…bad guys.
“Will you move in with me when I get the apartment?” Kelsy asked. “Gratis. No rent.”
I laughed. “I’ll think about it. I’m already disgusted with you and Tev here tongue bathing each other around the clock. Living with it? I’d be repulsed.”
“Let’s go shopping. I need to lift my spirit.” She wiped the tears from her brilliant green eyes.
Shopping. Yes, I needed fabrics and a few apparatuses to start working on my profile. “Sure.”
Rife with shopping bags, we lugged our tired selves back into the apartment. Whisked. I’d forgotten how draining it could be when shopping with Kelsy. “Did you really need to get all those stuff?” “Yes,” she chirped. “Now I’m happy.”
Flopping down on the sofa in exhaustion, I jerked when my cell phone went abuzz. The number wasn’t one I recognized.
“Hello?”
“I knew I couldn’t trust you to call me,” a deep, melodic voice said on the other end with no preamble whatsoever. I didn’t recognize the voice either.
“Uh, I’m sorry, who is this?” Please say ‘Natalio, from the club’.
“It’s Devon. I met you at the coffee shop yesterday? You told me you’d call, but you didn’t.”
Hope balloon deflated.
It was that handsome guy from Starbucks. I’d forgotten all about him. “How did you get my number? I didn’t give it to you.”
“I gave it to myself,” he replied simply.
“Huh?”
“It’s an old trick, Sadie. When I entered my number into your phone, I rang it. So that’s how I got it. I had a feeling you wouldn’t call and I didn’t want to lose contact with you. You have me mesmerized.”
“Oh,” I said, wondering how I’ve never heard of that trick before. How presumptuous.
“Sadie,” he said, in all seriousness. “I really like you and I would love to see you again. Is that possible? Please don’t say no.”
“You tricked me into getting my number. How did you know I wouldn’t swear at you and tell you to take a hike?”
“Because you are too sweet for that. Your lips are much too beautiful to do abominable things like swearing.”
“Flattery will get you nowhere, Devon.” This guy had some of the most rinsed-out, clichéd lines. No one ever taught him how to woo a woman?
He chuckled. “I’m an aging squirrel and you’re a tough nut to crack. Let me try again.” He cleared his throat. “Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m deeply attracted to you, but you think I’m full of…poo?”
A smile crawled onto my face as I shook my head. This guy…
“I can sense you smiling on the other end,” he said in a sing-song tone. “So how did I do? Well enough get a date with you?”
“Yes,” I agreed. I had no plans beyond sketching, I dreaded a dull evening and I needed a diversion from the plaguing thoughts of that Natalio figure from the club.
“How about dinner this evening?” he suggested.
“Will it be at some fancy restaurant?”
“Um, yes.”
What was it with guys always trying to be impressive, being pretentiously romantic? Only to turn out being complete dick-heads in the end.
“Then no,” I clipped.
He was silent for a moment. “Where would you like to go?”
“Somewhere ordinary. A nice chill spot would be good.”
“Okay. I know just the place. I’ll pick you up at eight?”
“Sure. I’ll text you my address.”
I ended the call, smiling.
“Who was that?” the inquisitive Kelsy asked as she tested her new wild cherry lip gloss, puckering her lips in the make-up compact.
“A handsome guy who’s interested in being more than just friends.” My answer was a tad bitter, and I realized that it was because I was still seething at my rebuffing from Mr. Mysterious in Black.

Devon and I were seated in the far corner of a swanky chill bar. Designed of stainless steel and glass, with neon blue lights and white seating, creating a luxurious ambience. At the last minute, I’d changed from my first choice of casual jeans and tank top to a purple close-fitting V-neck dress. Had I not done so, I would’ve been underdressed for this sporting. Devon had commented, repeatedly, on my dress and my beauty and my legs. Nice. But for some reason, his compliments didn’t aggrandize my confidence.
I sipped on Blue Label and Coke, while he sipped Crown Royal on the rocks. As the evening progressed, I learned that Devon Morris was single with no kids, and owned a construction company. Everything else was just boring, boring, boring, mundane banalities, while I responded to his monotonous chatter with the occasional “Hmm,” “Really?” “Impressive”, “Ah, I get it”, “Interesting”. I resisted succumbing to my boredom twitches, which were: inspecting my nails or rubbing my neck.
Devon was unquestionably handsome, sweet and flattering. The pull-your-chair-out kind of guy. He embodied all that a woman would tick the box for in a man. But for me, he was…innocuous. Nothing beyond his physical appearance attracted or intrigued me. I’m a girl who’s, strangely so, inclined to people that are a bit out of kilter. Don’t ask me why, I just am.
He would ask me out again, I knew. And I would agree. I’d try again because the problem might not be him, but me. At this crappy point in my life, I knew I was distracted on all levels.
“Oh man,” I heard Devon say, dragging me from…wherever I’d drifted off to. “Seems this wasn’t the best to place to chill this evening, after all.”
“What?” I asked, belatedly noticing that the noise level in the bar had turned up.
Devon nodded towards the entrance where a number of guys clad in biker wear and towing along scantily-dressed women poured in. “There was a biker fest down south today. For the affluent. I should’ve guessed that here would be the after spot on their way back.”
“So what’s wrong with them hanging out here? They all look like grown responsible men to me.” And frankly, I was glad for the sudden change of air.
“Nothing. I just don’t—” he stopped. “If you’re comfortable, then it’s fine.”
Huh? Why would he think I’d be uncomfortable?
Devon launched into a story about when he was in college and once rode bikes. I was actually enjoying it, until…
There he was, Mr. Mysterious in Black, leaning by the bar, dressed in his favorite shade. Black boots, black jeans, black T-shirt and black biker jacket. His ravened hair messy and strewn about his forehead.
My mouth hanged infinitesimally.
Oh. My. God.
If there wasn’t a chair beneath me, I’d swoon. Natalio was Y-U-M-M-Y. My heart flapped around in my chest like a headless chicken.
All his peers were laughing and swigging their beers, but he looked distracted. A scantily-dressed blond was clinging onto his bicep, yet it seemed he barely noticed she was there.
This man…
How do I put the man I spoke with last night to the man who I was now seeing? The man I saw last night was hot, yes, but business-like hot. The man I’m ogling now was biker-boy, rockstar hot; sending electric waves through my veins just by the sight of him.
Dear Lord, help me get rid of this insane lust.
“Sadie?” Devon’s voice pulled me from my most inappropriate ogling.
I blinked at him, unable to speak just yet, for my mouth was lacking moisture and warm heat settled between my legs.
“Do you know him?” Devon asked, eying me curiously.
“Know who?”
“The guy you were gawking at.”
Busted.
“Uh, no. He just looks familiar.”
He glanced over to where Natalio lounged casually by the bar, exuding sexiness, evoking raw, carnal desire, and Devon’s jaw tensed while he drummed his fingers on the table. What’s his problem?
“You look uncomfortable. Would you like to go?” he asked suddenly.
This time, without hesitation, I agreed. Not because I was uncomfortable, but because I was suddenly wet and needy and impatient to get home and pleasure myself with fantasies of Natalio above me, on me, kissing me, touching me, tasting me…
Devon rose and held out his hand. I placed my hand in his and we walked rather hastily towards the exit. In hopes that Natalio wouldn’t recognize me, I ducked my head.
“Sadie?” The stern, unmistakable voice called from behind.
At being caught, I winced and turned to see the walking temptation of a man that was Natalio. “Hi.”
“I thought it was you,” he said. His tone was warm but his expression not so much. Again I wondered, how does he do that?
“Um, we were just leaving,” I rushed. “Oh, this is Devon.” I gestured to Devon who was staring past Natalio’s head, not at him.
Natalio glanced at Devon, then did a double take. His eyes widened momentarily, his mouth slightly hanged, and if I wasn’t mistaken, he was shocked or pissed. But why?
He caught himself and resumed his previous stance, only now the warmth had vanished. He nodded at Devon, his sapphire blue eyes glacial. “Devon.”
Finally, I got to see his eyes!
Devon reciprocated, but his eyes were anywhere else except on Natalio. “Nelson.”
Nelson? So they knew each other?
The scantily-dressed blond was back by Natalio’s side. She rested her chin on his shoulder and he jerked back his shoulder and shot her a cold stare. “Hey! You don’t see me talking here? Retreat.”
The blond bit her plush, pink lips and let her hand slide leisurely down his defined arm, before giving a dramatic sigh and sashaying back to where the biker group lounged.
“Er, we’re heading out now. I’ll see you around sometime,” I said. If I stood in front of this steaming man any longer, I would self-combust.
“You mean you’ll call me,” he stated. It was not a question.
I hesitantly smiled. “Yeah. I’ll call you.”
He nodded. But he wasn’t looking at me, he was glowering deathly at Devon—whose eyes darted everywhere in the room but never at Natalio—and I half-expected to see Devon wizen.
I tugged at Devon’s rigid arm and he looked down at me and smiled, then we were out of that building.
In silence, we sallied to the parking lot. My silence was a consequence of still reeling from that über-awkward run in with Natalio. And Devon’s silence…of that I wasn’t sure. There was definitely something going on between him and Natalio. But I was much too hot and bothered to attempt any questioning. My reliance laid heavily on the air condition in Devon’s Porsche to calm me.
“So you know Natalio?” I asked a few minutes after we’d entered his car and were out of the parking lot.
“Knew. And apparently you do, too.” His tone was soft, holding no sarcasm, no chastising.
“I did say he looked familiar.”
“Familiar. From where?” I detected worry from him. Angst even. What the hell was he so anxious about?
“In a club. I’ve seen him there a few times. We spoke once and exchanged digits.”
“Oh. Okay.” Devon breathed something akin a sigh of relief and his body visibly relaxed. “Anyway, I’d completely dominated our conversation and you never finished telling me about your friends. Kelsy and Tevin? I got those names right?”
“Yes,” I laughed. “Your memory’s sharp.”
“So, um, how close are you and Tevin? Like sister and brother close or just casual friends close?”
What? That’s a weird question. “Sister and brother close.”
“That means he doesn’t hide shit from you, right?”
What’s with these odd questions? And why so focused on Tevin? “Everyone hides shit from others. It doesn’t matter how close two people may seem. Husbands and wives hide shit from each other. Even the pastor tries to hide shit from God.”
Devon glanced at me with a look that said he knew that I was being witted, knowing well that his questions were making me suspicious. I quickly launched a question before he could. “So how do you know Natalio?”
He shifted rather uneasily in his seat. “An old college friend.”
He said it and I knew it was a lie. But I decided to cease my investigation. I hadn’t a care if Devon and Natalio were rivals or…whatever.
Certain and without doubt I was of one thing: I wanted Natalio in a way that I have never wanted anyone before. My body sizzled at the thought of him. I wanted Natalio to want me, too. To want to be more than friends.



Chapter Five


Pacing around my living room, I worried my lip in anxiety. Natalio’s name was selected in my phone book and my thumb hovered over the call button. Nervousness washed me. But I needed that job, so I needed to get my act together, put my lust aside and focus on what’s important. Taking a deep breath, I pressed the call button. His phone rang out and went to his voicemail that simply said “Leave a message.” I did no such thing. I hated voicemails.
Frowning at my Blackberry, I decided to try again. He answered on the third ring in the briefest of tones, “Speak.”
“Natalio?”
“Natalio it is. Get to it.”
Sheesh. Was he always this grumpy? “Um, it’s Sadie…” Need I say more? He’d know exactly why I was calling, right?
“Sadie,” he said in a much softer tone. “I thought you’d changed your mind.”
“No, I didn’t. When we last spoke, it was the starting of a weekend. I presumed a more appropriate time to call about this would be on a weekday day. I was assuming you hadn’t spoken to your friend about the interview yet.”
He chuckled. “I deduce you fancy making assumptions and presumptions. Using the terms weekdays and weekends are for teenagers and loafers. I work whenever there is work to be done and I sport whenever my life lends leisure time. And the people I associate with are the same. It’s not germane for me to know what day of the week it is. I rise in the mornings, thank God that I’m alive and I live. Doing what’s there to be done. So next time, don’t time a phone call, okay? Especially if it’s, as it is in this case, about your future.”
This man…
Yes, it has been said, I do like people who are a little distinct, but Natalio was…something else. He wasn’t normal. And the more he baffled me, the more I wanted him. Strange.
“I’ll do well to remember that,” I replied.
Natalio jumped straight to the point in a perspicuous, no-nonsense tone, “He wanted you to intern, but that doesn’t pay the bills now, does it? He owes me too great a favor to have my agreement on that. In the interview, it’s your job to let him know who you are, your competence in the field, your versatility, your variegated style etcetera, etcetera. He’s not a man of formality, and he gets bored easily. So, be yourself. Be candid. Hopefully you’ll nail a good position.”
Nerves racking in, I swallowed. “Who’s this designer we’re talking about?”
“Geo Lee.”
Geo Lee?! The world-renowned Geo Lee? The most famous designer in Los Angeles? “You’re taking me to see Geo Lee?” I shrieked.
He was silent for a moment. Damn me and my childish hormones. “Yes,” he dragged out as if talking to a child.
With the aim of not embarrassing myself further, I tried for nonchalance. “Okay, cool. Thanks.”
“You are most welcome, Sadie,” he smoothed, and I could sense his smile. “Now, let’s talk time. What are your plans for today?”
“The unemployed don’t normally have plans.”
The ensuing silence said he didn’t find me amusing. “I have to attend a meeting now. I’ll call Geo and set up a meeting for…hang on.” There was shuffling in the background and I waited with bated breath, hardly believing that he was getting me an interview with Geo Lee.
Natalio was back on the line. “Is two o’clock good for you?”
“Yes. Sure.”
“Good. I’ll pick you up forty minutes prior. See you then.”
He ended the call and I realized he hadn’t asked for my address. Knowing the oddness of a man who he was, he might already have it. But I texted it to him, nevertheless, not chancing a miss out on that opportunity. And the biggest opportunity of all: seeing Natalio again.
At 1:19pm, I was walking rather timidly towards the white BMW X6 that sat on the curb outside my apartment. I’d purposely donned an all-black outfit based upon the knowledge—or another assumption, maybe—that black was Natalio’s favorite shade. A black pencil skirt, a black silk shirt tucked in, and my black Geo Lee pumps proclaimed me ready for the interview, but also in the wish to evoke a desired reaction from a most desired man. After laboring to comb my twenty-six inches of wild curls, I’d managed only to pull it back, guising some semblance of a chignon.
Natalio hopped out of his jeep and walked, composedly, to the passenger side, holding the door open for me. He was engaged in a deep conversation on his phone; still, he didn’t seem distracted in any way. He was in control and, I’d say, rather excelled at multi-tasking.
A smile resided on my face as I walked towards him, my eyes locked on his. He flashed me a quick smile as I entered the jeep, then closed the door and rounded to the driver’s side.
“Uncle Thello, I do comprehend, and I am honored. But I’m just one man, I can’t live in two places at once. Especially a distant country like Japan…Well, there’s ample time to come about ideas of maneuvering the business from here. I can visit next month and we can explore our options…For the love of God, Uncle Thello, you’re not gonna die anytime soon. This conversation is irrelevant right now…”
That’s far. He sure as hell better not move there!
Pfft. Hopeless was the perfect word to describe me right now. There I sat, drooling like a teenager over a man who wanted only friendship. A thought occurred: Was he pitying me? Thinking that I was some poor, lost soul that needed rescuing? I was lost. Albeit the truth, I didn’t need his pity. I needed him—carnally.
Natalio wrapped up his call and shifted in his seat to face at me. He smiled a relaxed, life’s-peachy smile. His teeth impeccably white, his blue eyes bright. Whoa, I’ve never seen that smile before. I was expecting him to be petulant and weird as he’d been in our previous encounters. “Hi.”
“Hi,” I echoed.
“You look…lovely.”
And I blushed. His compliment made me self-conscious. “Thanks,” I acknowledged, hoping I wasn’t the color of the blood beneath my skin.
His penetrating eyes were a brighter blue than they’d been last Friday at the bar. And I just couldn’t look away. “I like your hair like that, it exhibits the length and smoothness of your neck,” he again commented in a velvety inflection.
I was positive that the color of my cheeks was crimson. The man had a profound effect on me.
“Are friends supposed to say stuff like that to each other?” I asked, hoping he would stop gazing at me in that licentious manner. It was what I wanted, but still, I couldn’t bear it. I liked him. Desired him. But I had to keep my wits about me for the impending interview. At that moment, I was warm, too warm, and I was fighting the burning urge to lunge myself at him.
“Why not?”
“Because it’s inappropriate,” I said, trying and succeeding at disapproval.
“I compliment my friends all the time and they don’t think it’s inappropriate. It is, in fact, polite. And, for a female, requisite.”
“So, you retain a lot of female friends?” A tinge of jealousy swirled within me.
His lips twisted as if suppressing a smile. He turned in his seat, placed the gear in drive and pulled away from the curb. “No. Not really.”
I think he noticed that I rolled my eyes, because the corners of his lips twitched. Furtively, I admired his side profile. His hair was tousled as usual and I wondered briefly what he’d look like post-coital. He was superlatively beautiful and the act of wearing black enhanced his breathtaking features.
Humor and curiosity edged his voice when he asked, “Is it a coincidence that we are both dressed entirely in black?”
Shit, I’ve been found out. “Hardly,” I mumbled. “Do you always wear black?”
“For the past seven years. Yes.” His expression grew serious as he said this. Whoa. I was tip-toeing around landmines, wasn’t I?
“Why?” I prodded, ignoring his sudden change of mood.
He shot me a quick glance. “Because I’m mourning.”
“Mourning?”—For seven years? — “Who? What?”
Natalio emitted a rueful sigh. “Something immensely precious to me that I’ve lost.”
“You won’t tell me?”
“No.”
“Okay.” Some friend I was, huh?
When he spoke again, his voice was laced with hope. “Whenever it is redeemed, I’ll switch to wearing white. Till death.”
“So, what you’ve lost, it’s recoverable?”
“I have my hopes.”
“Oh,” I nodded on a frown. Wondering who or what this beautiful man could be mourning for seven long years. “I do hope it gets recovered. It’s unnatural, I think, for anyone to be mourning that long.”
“What I’ve lost is worth being mourned a lifetime,” his voice fell lower than a whisper and I struggled to hear him. “I was young and senseless. My palms were greased, and it slipped from me.”
When I glanced over at him, he looked shrunken. He’d slid down into his seat and was leaning on the door, steering the jeep loosely with one hand. “It’s so close, you know. But still so, so far away.”
Not knowing how to respond, I could only stare at him. He was so lost in thought, I wondered if he remembered I was still there. It was as if he were talking more to himself than to me. And I felt incompetent and useless, because I didn’t know what to say to him in aid. Was this how I’d be if my mom should die? I shuddered at the thought.
Natalio pulled onto the curb of Geo Lee’s Fashion House HQ. Angst flurried in again.
With a mild harrumph, he was back to his height, composed and impassive.
This man…
“Geo’s expecting you. Just give the receptionist your name and she’ll inform you where to go from there.” He was all business again.
“You’re not coming in?”
“No. I have some errands to run. I’ll be back before you’re finished.”
I nodded and clambered from the jeep.
“Sadie,” he called and I spun around to face him.
His mouth opened, then closed. The process repeated before he finally said, “Break a leg.”
It was obvious that wasn’t what wanted to say, but I smiled and replied, “Thank you, Natalio.”
He closed his eyes and sighed as I said his name. What should I make of this man? Closing the door, I headed towards the building, shaking my head in thought. Once again I was left mystified by Mr. Mysterious in Black.
I’d walked into heaven. The atmosphere gripped me by the lapels and tugged me in, telling me that this was where I belong. The walls, the surfaces, the ceilings were all-white. The art on the walls and the sparse furniture were, contrastingly, bright colors. A neon green, serpentine sofa sat dominantly in the middle of the room. Colors. A mixture of really bright colors everywhere. Oh, I was in my zone.
I’d never seen Geo Lee before, just his designs. He was huge in the fashion industry and his name rang constantly. I’d always fancied his designs, but his products demanded an extortionate purchase. The Geo Lee heels that I was rocking at the moment were a much-appreciated birthday gift from Kelsy.
After giving my name to the gauche receptionist who was, for some reason, very discourteous, I followed instructions and was whisked to the third floor. The elevator doors opened and I sallied to the office of Mr. Geo Lee.
Indeed, I adored colors, but do I love it this much? Again, the walls and surfaces were all-white, contrasted with brightly colored squares, circles, triangles and rectangles scattered about the walls in odd positions. The ceiling was black with bright pink circle disks and neon green light glowing around the edges.
Whoa. And I thought I liked colors! Compared to this guy, I was neophyte in the world of colors.
Geo Lee was like a walking cotton candy and was gayer than a rose-pink cock. Dressed in colorful sneakers, a too-tight lime-green pants and a pink T-shirt with a lime-green scarf, he had short, ashy blonde hair with streaks of purple at the front and a smirk that seemed intrinsic. Intellect told me he was no older than thirty. And I wondered idly how on earth Natalio was associated with this man.
“Miss Francé,” Geo Lee spirited in a curly voice while pointing to my shoes. “If you fawningly wore those shoes to flatter me, then guess what?”
I stared at him blankly because I didn’t know how to respond to such assumption.
“It’s working!” he laughed out. “I like being flattered. But your outfit is much too gloomy. I see Mr. Nelson is rubbing off on you.” He scowled, clearly disapproving in my choice of color.
“I was told to dress the part for an interview. Had I known you and I had symmetric tastes, as far as colors and textures go, then I guarantee I would’ve made quite an impression. Mostly, I wear my own designs. Singular designs in colors that the average person would not choose.”
He glared at me with a look that said ‘I’ve heard it all before, Missy’, probably thinking I was bluffing. Such made me glad that I’d had time to complete my profile along with physical pieces I’d made myself. My mother was once a designer’s assistant at a small company and I’ve been doing this since my eyes were at my knees. It’s the one thing I was confident about and I didn’t need compliments to be assured I was good at it. I knew my trade. Inside-out.
Geo Lee compressed his lips and stuck his hand out, demanding that I prove it. “Only for Nelson,” he grumbled. “He’s such a hard ass.”
I handed my sketches over to him and wondered to myself if ‘hard ass’ had the same connotation in the heterosexual world as it did in the homosexual world. Because the way Geo Lee said “hard ass” was as if he’s indicating that Natalio’s ass was hard to get—or hard to enter? I shook my head at the thought.
Hmm, Natalio could be gay. He said he didn’t do strip clubs and he only wanted to be my friend. Only gay men shy away from strip clubs and keep female friends, don’t they? Plus, he was freakishly good-looking.
The thought made me weary. I could be crushing on a gay man. Boy, was I a sore loser.
I watched as Geo Lee’s eyes sparkled as he flipped through my designs and I knew then that I’d caged him.



Chapter Six


“Judging by that irremovable grin you bear, I’ll go ahead and assume that went well,” Natalio said, once I entered his jeep after my interview with Geo Lee.
My grin widened. “Yes, it certainly did. Assistant. I start next week,” I almost squealed. “He’s very taken by my overt love of colors and my preternatural tastes in designs.”
“Ah. I’d forgotten the dude was a freakin’ box of Crayola.” He shook his head. “So, are you okay with being his assistant?”
“Natalio, I’ll be working for Geo Lee. Of course I’m okay with that. Besides, I only have my Bachelor’s in fashion designing. Master holders are the ones to be demanding.”
“I can demand for you,” he offered.
“No. It’s okay, really. I’ve already jumped steps with your aid. If I’m gonna do this, I want to work and prove myself. And not just be handed some high position because I know someone who knows someone.”
He resigned on a sigh. “Okay, it’s your call.”
“Thank you so much for this, Natalio.”
“No prob. Are you hungry?”
“Not really.”
“Let me take you to get something to eat,” he insisted.
“Okay.” Maybe I could take a bite…of him.
Minutes later, Natalio was leading me to a rooftop restaurant that bragged ‘Eat N’ Tell’. The atmosphere was casual and already I liked Natalio’s choice of chill spots. No over the top, spit and shine restaurant.
He chose a table next to the margin of the building, pulling out my chair for me to sit. Despite my fear of heights, I peered over the edge which resulted in me jolting back immediately.
“Don’t look down,” Natalio teased.
“It’s hard not to look down when I’m sitting at the edge of the roof,” I replied, waiting for my heartbeat to return to its regular rhythm.
His brows furrowed. “Do you want to sit elsewhere?”
“No, it’s okay. This is a good way to vanquish my fear of heights.”
A waiter appeared, filling our glasses with water, bidding us a good evening and handed us the menu before retreating. Sipping on my water, I disregarded the menu because I only hungered for one thing. Make that two things…
“Do they serve pizza here?” I asked.
“Yes. Is that what you want?”
“Pepperoni.”
Natalio closed his menu, his eyes lingering leeringly on my neck. “Would you like to share? We could order a large.”
Unable to speak past the newly formed lump in my throat, I nodded. I couldn’t help the somatic heat when he looked at me like that. Was he freaking gay or not?
“Good.” He signaled for the waiter.
When the waiter appeared, I spoke quickly before Natalio, ordering pepperoni pizza with pineapple and ham topping. Along with a bottle of Merlot. It was a test for his reaction because he always tried to be in control. But he didn’t protest. He merely smiled at me. Ugh, so unpredictable.
Once the waiter disappeared, he asked, “You work out?”
Turning down the corners of my mouth, I shook my head.
“So how do you stay fit after eating junk like that?”
“I run…sometimes.”
“I don’t think running sometimes contributes to that flawless physique you have.” His eyes fell to my neck again.
“Other activities help,” I whispered.
“Oh?”
I nodded.
“Are you gonna tell me what those activities are?” he asked, doing that panty-dropping thing with his eyebrow. Did he do it on purpose, knowing the effect it had on women, or was it an unconscious habit?
To distract myself, I took a chance and stared over the roof. “Sex. Hard sex. Really, really hard sex.”
Keeping my eyes down at the diminutives of bustling people and trafficking vehicles, I waited for a reaction. But he didn’t reply. A minute of silence ensued and I wondered how on earth I was managing to peer down this high building without fright. Maybe it’s because I knew the expression on Natalio’s face might be more frightening?
The waiter reappeared with the wine and I waited in discomfort as he opened it and filled our glasses. Natalio’s eyes were hot on me. But I dared not to look at him, because there was a subdued tension radiating from him. What did I say wrong? Maybe he was gay and didn’t like the idea of a man and woman having sex? I’d pluck up the courage to ask him one day. Just not now.
The waiter retreated and Natalio remained silent still, except for the tapping of his index finger on the edge of the table.
This man had a serious problem and I was getting very tired of his weird attitudes. Hopefully the ludicrous lust that I have towards him will abate. And soon. His actions were far too mystifying.
“Do you have a problem with sex?” I blurted.
His gaze was sulfurous, his expression implacable, when he said, “It’s not the sex. It’s with whom.”
What? That’s verification that this man was gay. I’d convinced myself that I was just over thinking things and that he actually wasn’t, and had even mistaken his politeness for lust. But this just about sums it up. He didn’t do strips clubs, he wanted to be friends with a female stranger (who’s neither old nor ugly), he had done and is owed favors by one of the gayest men I’ve ever met—who actually referred to him as a ‘hard ass’—and he abhors the idea of sex with the opposite. Oh yeah, he’s definitely gay.
With a noisy sigh, I slumped back in my chair. Well, maybe now I could stop being so nervous and flushed around him. Albeit, I still desired him and wished he wasn’t gay. My hopes have been crushed. I guess I’d just have to settle for lusting at what I couldn’t have.
“Are you okay?” he asked. He seemed to have dallied back from wherever he’d wandered off to in his mind.
“Oh, I’m just fine,” I said, a bit too dramatic. “Jolly good.”
“Are you sure?” He did that damned eyebrow thing again. Even with my new discoveries—or rather, assumptions—I was surprised it still had the same effect on me.
“Yep,” I replied after taking a huge gulp of my wine. It was a strenuous effort trying to conceal my irritation and disappointment.
Pizza was served.
“So, your name is Natalio Nelson?” I asked around a mouth full of pizza. Decency and coyness had evaded.
He eyed me curiously before answering. “Yes. Sounds familiar to you?”
“Nope,” I replied on another bite. “Both Devon and Geo Lee referred to you as ‘Nelson’, so I was wondering if it was your surname or an alias.
I watched as his jaw clenched at my mention of Devon. Hmm, I wondered indolently if Devon was an ex of his. Could they be bisexual? I recalled Natalio being momentarily shocked to see Devon with me, and Devon had looked like he’d been caught with his dick in a monkey’s mouth. I knew there was something weird going on with them at the bar, and Devon gave that obvious lie about being old college friends. Yeah, old buddies alright.
Oh what have I gotten myself this time? Emptying my glass of wine in one go, I immediately replenished it.
“GLFH is a thirty minutes drive from your apartment. How do you plan on getting to work?”
“Cab, bus, whatever,” I mumbled.
“Sadie, are you sure you’re okay?” his voice weaved with concern.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Just annoyed and angry that this hot hunk of a man, who I’d day dreamed about all weekend, hoisting me, and taking me in myriads of positions, was freaking gay. No, I’m not okay!
“That will be your last glass of wine,” he commanded, his expression grave.
“Who are you to say?” I sallied.
With wide eyes, I jerked back as Natalio’s fist slammed down onto the table, evoking the cutleries into an inharmonious jiggle. “Will you stop acting like this and tell me what the hell is bothering you!”
Whoa. That was unexpected. His sapphire eyes were broodingly blazed, and I was scared out of my wits. As I glanced around the restaurant, I noticed we’d drawn unwanted attention. But Natalio’s eyes were hot on my face, I could almost feel the heat of his burning glare.
“Was that necessary?” I hissed through clenched teeth. I wouldn’t let him know that I was afraid of him. I’ve learned how to hide my fears from being with Cali D.
Natalio gritted his teeth and glared at me. Why was this man so angry? He seemed to get ticked off at the drop of a hat. Leaning back in his chair, he uncurled his fists. “I’m sorry,” he apologized. “You keep saying you’re okay, when I know you’re not. And I want to know what bothers you, all that bothers you. I will try everything in my power to fix it.”
There’s no way to fix it, Natalio. You can turn a straight man gay but you can’t turn a gay man straight. He’d still be demanding the woman’s ass.
“You can’t,” I told him.
He leaned in, his eyes pleading. “Tell me. Whatever it is. I’ll try my best to fix it. If I can’t, I’ll find someone for you who can.”
I snorted. “What, are you supposed to be my savior or something?”
“If you would let me. Yes.” His intense blue gaze locked on mine. The man was truly serious.
“But why? You don’t even know me.”
He stared at me a moment longer before he closed his eyes and said, “I know you more than you think, Sadie.”
“How? I don’t understand,” I said, bewildered beyond all borders.
Natalio sighed, opened his eyes, leaned back in his chair and ran his fingers through his silky, raven hair. “Please. Just let me be your friend.”
“I thought I already agreed to that.” I couldn’t understand him. Was he schizophrenic? Bipolar? Did I really want to be friends with this man? Dismantled, that’s what he was.
“Well, friends tell each other what bothers them. And you’re not communicating with me. It angers me.”
Jeez dude, you need to get your emotions in order.
“You get angry just like that?” I asked, befuddled by this troubled man. “You are almost always radiating tension. Why are you so bilious?”
He gave a brief shake of his head. “Ignore it. It’s a dysfunction.”
“You take anger management?”
“Yes.”
“Effective?”
“Hardly.”
I swallowed hard as I asked, “You don’t go all crazy and hurt people brutally on impulse, do you?”
“Christ, no. Am I that frightening?”
“No. I was just curious.” I’d always had a nagging thought that he was someone of danger since I’d seen him at the club. But Tico said he knew him well. And Tico was fond of me, so I’m pretty sure he would’ve warned me about any red flags. And Devon knew him, and world-renowned Geo Lee. So I guess I could eradicate my worries of him being a sinister.
“Okay. I’ll be sure to talk to you whenever I have worries,” I placated. “I promise.”
“And you promise to allow my aid with them, too?”
My eyes rolled. “Yes, I promise.” Why does he insist on helping me? Did I look destitute and desperate?
He stared at me expectantly as he bit into a slice of pizza.
“What?”
“I’m waiting for you to tell you what was bothering you just now,” he explained, chewing patiently.
Should I ask him? That’s very personal, isn’t it? It just might anger him even more; especially if he wasn’t gay. Not now. Some other time when he’s not so choleric and guarded.
“It’s nothing I want to talk about right now. I’ll tell you some other time. I promise.”
He cast his eyes upwards and blew a breath before saying, “Okay. Fine. We don’t have to talk about it now. But be sure that I’ll be asking you again and again until you tell me.”
I nodded. Damn, what persistence.
“Now back to you and transportation,” he started in his usual unrevealing tone. Wiping the corners of his mouth with a napkin before taking a sip of his wine, he continued, “I’ll have a car dropped by your apartment later. One less thing to worry about.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you asking me if I’d like to borrow your car or are you telling me?”
“I’m telling you,” he simplified.
“And don’t I get to say if I want to be loaned your car or not?”
“Transportation is a bother right now and I’m mending.”
“Yes, but this can be fixed easily with cab fare. Transportation is no bother,” I lashed, my voice raising. What the hell’s with wrong this man?
“With your new job, a car is essential,” he said very quietly. That was unexpected. Maybe he was trying to control himself from another outburst?
He was right, though. A car was definitely essential. But I didn’t want him loaning me a car. I could rent one. Or use one of Tev’s—and pray I never get pulled over by the cops.
“I don’t want your car,” I snapped.
“It would be yours. Not mine. It’s not a loan. You promised you would let me help you, Sadie.” His tone was accusatory.
“Yes, but this is crazy, Natalio. I don’t know why you want to do all this. You’ve already got me a job. Thank you. That’s good enough. It is not normal that I should meet a man in a strip club of all places, who tells me he’s only there because of me, then later tells me he knows me more than I think when I don’t see how he could because I’ve never met him before.” I paused for air. “Do you not see how eerie this is? Do you not expect me to be suspicious of you?” I stopped at a sudden thought then narrowed my eyes at him. “Are you a friend of him? Did Cali D beseech you to look out for me if something should happen to him?” That would explain a heck of a lot.
He scoffed. “No.”
“I don’t believe you,” I shot, folding my arms and sitting back.
“I don’t lie pettily, Sadie. Why don’t you believe me?”
“Because you didn’t inquire who Cali D was.”
He opened his mouth, closed it, and then opened it again. “I told you, I know more about you than you think. And I know your ex Cali D. But I am in no way associated with him. Believe me.”
“What do you know about me? How do you know about me?”
“For the former, everything. For the latter, I prefer to apprise you some other time.” He remained poker-faced and I couldn’t read through his tone or his expression.
“I’m afraid to trust you,” I whispered.
He breathed a heavy sigh before leaning forward and taking my hands in his. I tried not to simper at the contact. “I understand why you would be. But please, believe that I would never do anything to harm you. I just want to make you happy. You haven’t been for a while.”
How did he know? Why won’t he tell me how he knows about me? Why was he so passionate about making me happy? And if I asked all these questions, he wouldn’t tell me.
“What can I do to make you trust me?” he asked. “I want to earn your trust.”
“Tell me what’s underground.”
“I will. But not now. Besides, I’m ninety percent sure that you’ll unearth it yourself.” He swallowed, his eyes growing soft. “I’m hoping you do. My faith is strong…”
“You prefer I find out on my own in lieu of you telling me?” I asked in surprise.
He nodded.
That has got to be the most backward thing I’d ever heard.
“Okay.” Resigning, I slumped back into my chair. There was so little that I knew about this man and yet he wanted to be my savior.
“If I asked you to unbutton your shirt, would you do it?” I asked him dully. Exhausted I was from trying to figure the man out.
“Why would you ask me to do that?”
“I’m just curious.”
He raised his brow, in that sexy way.
“I was wondering if I’d discover an S on your chest.”
Natalio grinned. Wow, I liked that. He looked young, earthly and mortal with his features relaxed. There was an unidentifiable nagging in the back of my mind about his familiarity. His boyish grin reminded of someone. And weird enough, I couldn’t seem to remember the person he reminded me of. How could he remind me of someone I didn’t remember? Was that even possible? Yeah, with my retrograde amnesia, there could be such a thing. Maybe he just resembled someone I was once fond of.
“It depends on what you want the S to mean. Superman, Savior…Sadie.” He gazed longingly at me with warm blue eyes and bit down on his lip. “I prefer the latter, though.”
All gay thoughts were decimated from my mind when I blushed. Gay men didn’t look at women like that.
“I can be anything you want me to, Sadie. For you. I can’t know what you want unless you tell me,” he said in a soft voice. His gaze lingered on my neck again and his pink tongue licked across his lower lip. Sweet savior… The temperature in here has risen.
Shifting in my seat, I quickly changed the topic. “What kind of work do you do?” That’s a question that had been lolling in my head for a while.
He stilled, eying me oddly. “I sell stuff.”
“You sell stuff? Is that even a job description?” That has got to be the most unintelligibly he’d ever spoken since I’d met him. What the hell kind of answer is ‘I sell stuff’? Unless…unless he was a drug dealer. Oh no, not again.
“Yes, it is,” he clipped.
“White stuff?”
“No. I told you, I’m not associated with your deceased. Neither am I like him,” he snarled.
“Then what do you sell?”
“Electronics. Appliances. All that junk,” he shrugged. “Why?”
“Because I barely know you. And you want to move heaven and earth for me. I need to know more about my savior.”
“I’m not important. You are,” he said. “There’s nothing fascinating or interesting about me or my life. Well, nothing has been for the last seven years…”
“You are important to me because you’re helping me,” I petulantly snapped. Why did he not want to talk about himself? Now I was over-curious. “Are you sure you aren’t a drug dealer?”
His expression grew thunderous. “Do I look like a damn drug dealer?”
“No,” I answered in truth. “But it would explain why you don’t want to talk about your job.”
“I just don’t want to talk about my job right now. It already consumes almost all of my time. I’m enjoying my pizza and you. Can’t I do just that?” He vibrated with irritation. “I allowed you to evade talking about whatever was bothering you earlier. Do the same for me. Thanks.”
“Okay. Fine. We don’t have to talk about it now. But be sure that I’ll be asking you again and again until you tell me,” I mocked, throwing his earlier words right back at him.
That won me another grin. And there’s that nagging again. When he smiled like that, all boyish and relaxed, he looked vaguely familiar.
“Tell me about your family,” I pressed. “Any brothers? Sisters? Wife? Children? Pets?” Please don’t have a wife or children.
“I have a healthy, comforting mother and a grumpy, controlling father. Two brothers, one sister, no wife, no children and my pet is in my pants,” he briefed.
“I see,” I nodded. “Where’s the passion. Not family-oriented?”
“I’d kill for them,” he deadpanned. “Are you and Devon serious?”
His question took me by surprise. Where did that come from?
Taking a sip of my wine, I answered charily. “We’ve only been on one date.”
“And you plan on going out with him again?” It sounded more like a threat than a question.
“Maybe. Yes.” Though I did find excuses twice when Devon asked me out again over the weekend. I didn’t like that he kept trying to sneak in questions about Tevin. His inexplicable interest in my friend had me wary.
“Does he treat you right?” Now he sounded avuncular.
“Yes. He’s very sweet,” I smiled. “He’s quite the gentleman.” And I’m no gentlewoman.
He wiped his hands on his napkin and refilled his wineglass. All his movements were careful and measured as his brows crinkled in thought. Taking a sip of his wine, he slowly set his glass down, laced his fingers on top of the table and lanced me with his stare. “You will not see him again. Understand?”
My head jolted back at his stern command. “Are you serious? So now you’re trying to dictate to me who I can or cannot see? You have got to be kidding me! I’m not yours.”
His gaze didn’t waver, he didn’t even blink. “A shepherd knows his sheep, and a sheep knows its shepherd. This has nothing to do with possessiveness. After all, we’re just friends, right? This has to do with your safety. Devon is dangerous. Stay away from him.”
“Unbelievable!” I laughed out. “Devon has got to be the most banal, innocuous person I’ve ever met. You are the one that’s dangerous. You are the one that I should ‘stay away’ from.”
Natalio sat back in his seat and tossed his arm over the back of the chair in a relaxed position. “I don’t do arguments, Sadie. I speak and I expect you to listen. If I tell you that the guy is dangerous and that you’re to stay away from him, then I expect you to take heed and stay away from him. That’s where it ends.”
“Are you serious?” I shrieked in disbelief.
He only stared at me for what felt like a century, then suddenly asked, “Do you believe in a man’s love, Sadie?”
Sudden turn, again. He keeps jumping from one boat to the next.
I rested my elbows on the table and dropped my chin in my palms, being sure to lock my intensified gaze on his. “There are three things that amaze me—no, four things I don’t understand: How an eagle glides through the sky, how a snake slithers on a rock, how a ship navigates the ocean, how a man loves a woman.”
“Your bible quoting doesn’t answer my question,” he said quietly, his blue eyes softening as they bored into mine. Hmm, he knows the bible… Impressive.
Deliberately, I furrowed my brows and tilted my head to the side. “How could it not?”
“Because it’s not your words. I want your words.”
“Well, no. I don’t believe in love,” I admitted.
Extremely quiet his voice came, “Why? Has someone hurt you?”
“Yes. But I don’t remember the pain or that someone. And I don’t wish to talk about it. So please, don’t ask again.”
He dropped his head in his hands. Then seconds later rubbed his hands over his face before pinning me with glossy blue irises and saying a breathy, “I’m sorry.”
He said it, and it was a combination of sadness, pain, pleading and apology. Was he sorry about bringing up the topic of love? Or was he sorry about something else? It was really hard to tell. The man was just one big ball of emotions.
And so, once again, I was left mystified by Mr. Mysterious in Black.



Chapter Seven


Deep masculine laughter swirled with soft feminine laughter above the low flowing of Common’s I Want You in Natalio’s vehicle as we drove into my apartment complex. It was Thursday, and after a long day of boozes, aggressive salty air and bawdy humor, Natalio and I had managed to slip away from an all-white yacht party thrown by Marco Levy, some multimillionaire acquaintance of Natalio’s. Of course, Natalio’s attire was an exception; he wore his usual black.
I was still in the dark about his line of work, but all the invitees of the yacht party were posh pomps who all referred to him as ‘Nelson’. The minute someone would launch a conversation with him about business, he’d cut them off, reminding them he was ‘sporting’ and would rather ‘not talk about work’. And I knew it was because he didn’t want me to know. Why was he hiding his occupation from me? Unless he was indeed a dwarf of Snow White and lied about it.
Natalio had invited me out every evening since we had pizza at the rooftop restaurant. He was funny, over-intelligent and sweet—when he wasn’t fuming about inconsequential nothings. He’d pledged to earn my trust and, somehow, he thought tugging me along with him every time he got the chance would build my trust. Hardly. For he still remained stingy when I pried. We’d talk about anything and everything, excluding himself. Ergo, my trust lever remained at level one. But because of my weakness and that inexplicable connection I had towards him, I could never say no to him or stay away from him, for that matter. And when I wasn’t with him, I’d think only of him.
Miraculously, I’d managed, on our evening jaunts, to disguise my profound desire for him. Trying not to shiver when he touches me, and being sure to avert my eyes when he leers at me. Natalio, on the other hand, had not.
He’d said and, obliquely, done the most seductive, licentious, provocative things. But never touched me in the way I yearned. Transparent it was that he wanted and was very much attracted to me, like I was to him. But he didn’t say, and neither did I. Maybe it was a part of his effort to gain my trust? God, it was driving me batty!
I wanted him to touch me. I wanted him to kiss me. I wanted him…so bad.
“Don’t forget, I’m picking you up for dinner on Saturday the minute I get back,” I heard him say.
Oh, I’d forgotten. He was flying to Michigan that evening for a two-day business trip. Miss him? I knew I would. Miss my friend. My over-amorous friend.
“Okay.” All my good humor was suddenly extinguished.
“So are you done thinking about the car yet?” he asked.
“I haven’t started thinking about it yet. My mind has been occupied with…other stuff.” With thoughts of you, on top of me. Kissing me, licking me, stroking me.
He grunted in frustration. “It’s just a car, Sadie. You need a car for work and I just so happen to have one sitting in my garage screaming to be driven.”
Just like I’m screaming to be driven into…
“You’re not gonna give up on this, are you?” Even though I already knew the answer.
This man was tenacity incarnated…
His brow arched in that sexy, turn-me-on way. “You don’t know me by now?”
“Okay. I’ll start thinking about it tonight,” I smiled sweetly.
…And I was obstinacy personified. Nice match.
He chuckled, casting his eyes upwards. “Let me walk you to your door. I won’t be seeing you for roughly two days.” Smooth and caressing was his voice. And I didn’t know if it was the three beers and two glasses of wine that I’d consumed earlier, but I was needy. Very needy.
Why oh why didn’t he just get it over with already? I knew he wanted me. Touch me, kiss me, tell me you want me. Please.
Exiting the vehicle, he rounded to the passenger side and opened the door. He took my hand when I climbed out and we walked wordlessly up the steps to my door.
At the doorway, we gazed at each other, neither of us speaking. Natalio’s face was intently daring, a fleet of humor danced across his eyes. What was he thinking now?
His raven-dark hair was mussed across his forehead and his eyes were the bluest of his variant blues. A man with black hair, black brows, black outfit and bright blue eyes was a sight to savor.
Suave and quiet, his voice sliced through the silence, “I like the way your cheeks redden when you dare to hold my stare.” He smoothed his index finger gently between my brows. “I like the crease that forms right here when you worry what I might be thinking.” Heat surged through my body, the air shifted as I was enveloped by desire. His touch was…enkindling.
“I like the way your cognac eyes dilate then go dreamy every time you yearn my touch.” His smile was tauntingly charming.
Oh! This man…
He knew. He knew I wanted him and he’d been teasing me. He’d obviated touching and kissing me all along to drive me insane?
“But most of all,” he continued, gently trailing the tip of his fingers down my neck. I closed my eyes and moaned helplessly at the tantalizing feel of his warm fingers on my neck. “I love your long, gracious, virgin olive neck.” He leaned forward as if to kiss my neck, but he didn’t. Instead, he stopped just inches away and whispered, allowing the heat of his breath the job of caressing. “I’d spend hours kissing this neck. Caressing to infinity. Adorn it with love bites.”
My mouth fell open as I labored for breath.
Oh, please. Please. Please. Kiss me. Now.
Suddenly he straightened and stuck his hand out to me as he tried to smother a smirk. “I had a lovely day, Sadie. Until Saturday?”
No. No! How could he do this?
My face arranged in a scowl at his hand, fury climbing through my veins. Forming a word or sentence was incapability at the moment. Was…too hot…too needy.
His lips lifted into an innocent smile. “Miss Francé, don’t be impolite. I’m bidding you a good evening.”
Folding my arms, I glared at him. There he stood, all self-possessed and pleased with himself. Tilting his head to one side, he gave me a lip-bitten smile. “Sadie? You look bothered. You promised you’d tell me whenever anything is bothering you.” His tongue darted out and glossed his lips. “And I promised to help.”
Teasing me, he was. Patently enjoying himself.
“You know what’s bothering me,” I hissed at him.
“No. I don’t. You have to learn to com-mu-ni-cate,” he said, syllabifying the word as if I was some hare-brained child. “Communication is key. You have to tell me what you want, Sadie. It’s the only way I’ll know.”
My tongue curled and touched the roof of my mouth as I was about to form the words and construct a filthy sentence to com-mu-ni-cate with him that I wanted him to have sex with me so hard that my eyes twist, but then my roommate Brenda came bouncing up the steps, earplugs stuck in her ears and her head bobbing, her pink workout outfit damp with sweat. Back from the gym.
Brenda had returned from New York since Tuesday. My roommate didn’t like me very much. Or so she feigned. I found it hard to believe anyone would share their apartment with someone they detested.
Brenda stopped when she noticed us, gave a curt nod and moved around me to enter the house. When she opened the door, she swirled back around like a tornado to face us—to face Natalio, rather. Her eyes enlarged as she gazed up at him.
Natalio frowned.
What’s amiss? Did she know him? Have they been together? What?
Brenda gawked a moment longer at Natalio before she blinked; her mouth opened, then closed. Once, twice, three times. Finally, she uttered a weak apology for disrupting us and walked backward into the house.
Okayyy. That was odd. And completely out of character for Brenda. She had a cavalier, perfunctory disposition—or maybe she was like that in my presence only. Maybe something was going on between them that’s to my oblivion?
“What the hell was that about?” I asked him.
Natalio shrugged and gave an I-have-no-idea expression. But I knew he was lying. I think I have that uncanny ability to detect lies the minute they are told.
“Do you know her?”
“Just that she’s your roommate. I know her no other way, if that’s what you’re thinking,” he answered, eyeing me oddly.
“Oh.”
He shifted his weight and I could tell he was worried about something. “My flight’s in an hour. I gotta go. I’ll call, text, email, telegram and BBM you,” he said, and I laughed. He shifted again. “Please don’t lose contact with me. If you get mad at me for anything, please tell me that you’re mad and don’t ignore me. I’d rather you speak to me than ignore me. Please don’t be afraid to ask me anything. And yes, I’ll answer truthfully. Okay?” His words came rolling at me like a thunderball.
Bemused, I nodded. Where’s all that coming from? Why would I be mad at him when we weren’t even together? Anxiety emanated from him, but I knew not why.
He lifted my palm to his lips and planted a chaste kiss in the center before retreating quickly down the steps and into his X6, leaving me bereft.
Shaking my head at my failure to decipher Natalio’s perplexing behavior, I turned the doorknob and entered the apartment. Brenda was pacing the living area, her hazel eyes glittering with excitement. Silky, honey-blond hair dangled over her shoulders.
“Oh my God, Sadie! You’re dating one of the Nelsons?” she pounced at me, not giving me a chance to breathe.
“One of the Nelsons?”
“Yesssss,” she stressed, seemingly annoyed at my baffled question and waving her hand in an impatient gesture.
“How do you know them? What are they like? Are they as crude and rakish as people sa—”
I held my hand up, halting her. “Brenda, I have no idea what ‘they’ you’re talking about. I just met Natalio last week. Do you know him?”
Brenda scoffed. “Of course I do! What single woman doesn’t?”
“What does that mean?”
Brenda widened her eyes with incredulity. “You mean you really don’t know who he is? As in, who he is.” She emphasized by pointing at the door I’d just came through.
“Judging by your reaction, I think not.”
Brenda shook her head at me as if I were telling her that aliens exist and they were dwelling beneath our apartment. “Sadie, that hot sonuvabitch was Natalio Nelson. CEO of ENEN. The guy’s a freaking billionaire!”
“Henen?” I tested the word, confused. What the heck is that? And a billionaire? I snorted. Natalio didn’t act, talk or walk like a billionaire.
“Yesssss, ENEN!” She marched into the kitchen, prompting me to follow. Brenda pointed to her stove, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator, toaster, all bearing the marque ENEN.
Ah, the brand ENEN, I thought to myself.
Brenda disappeared into her room and reappeared with a sort of tablet device, her laptop, and a smartphone all being of the same brand.
“I know the brand, Brenda. You can stop with the exaggeration,” I said in annoyance. “Just never understood at first what you meant.” I plodded back to the living area and slumped on the sofa.
Was I that inattentive to the world and wrapped up in my own problems that I didn’t recognize a known figure when I saw one? Or maybe he’s not that known. Maybe Brenda had mistaken him. A person that wealthy would never go sporting without guard, would they?
“Maybe you’ve mistaken him. I would have known this. He would have told me.” Only, he didn’t.
Brenda snorted. “I can spot a Nelson fifty paces away, sweetie.”
“So, why do you have all things ENEN?” I queried. “You have a crush on him or something?”
Brenda’s hazel eyes illuminated. “Not him. Every girl picks a brother. My friend Cara, she crushes on Natalio like crazy. I,” she breathed, closing her eyes and pressing her hands over her heart like a dazed twelve-year-old, “am hopelessly in love with his brother, Lovello Nelson. He’s the youngest, but the richest of them. And the hottest. The guy’s worth gazillions.”
My eyes rolled at her babbling. In the four years I’ve lived with Brenda, this was the longest conversation we’d ever had. She’d always maintained a ‘hi-bye’ relationship with me. I had no idea why. Hence my suppositions of her disdain for me. Brenda was from an affluent family; a lifestyle similar to Kelsy’s. Distinctly, however, Brenda was a focused, no-bullshit law student. She’s normally self-possessed and indifferent—or so she feigned. Because seeing Brenda this ebullient and starry-eyed, was novelty.
“So he didn’t tell you who he was?” she poked.
“No,” I answered shamefacedly. “He just said he ‘sells stuff’.”
Brenda laughed. “He sells stuff alright. And a whole bunch of expensive, hard-to-acquire gadgets.” She shook her head as if still not believing. “Where did you meet him?”
“Secre X,” I told her. Not caring if she knew or not.
Brenda twisted her face in revulsion.”Oh. I heard you were working there. That explains why he kept his identity a secret. Probably thinks you’re a gold-digger or something.”
And the old nose-upturning Brenda was back. That was the Brenda I knew, so I decided to ignore her snide remark.
“But ENEN’s HQ is in San Fran,” I thought out loud.
“That’s where they live silly. Business here I guess. It’s just an hour away in flight time, anyway.” She narrowed her eyes at me. “So you two aren’t dating?”
“No.”
“Didn’t look that way from my POV,” she scoffed.
“Well, we’re not. We’re just friends.” Though I’d really wanted much more than that.
You have to tell me what you want, Sadie. It’s the only way I’ll know. His words came back to me, swirling in my head. He wanted me to beg him to be with me. Keep waiting, Mr. Nelson.
Brenda gripped my hand tight. “Oh please, please date him. That way, you can take me along when you go to meet his family. I really want to meet Lovello. Though, I think I’ll swoon if I do,” she reeled like a teenager. “Natalio Nelson looks so damn hotter in person, it’s unbelievable. Pictures do him no justice. I can only imagine how drop-dead gorgeous Lovello would be.” Brenda sighed dramatically like a fairytale heroine from an animated film. Why was she so obsessed with someone who didn’t even know she existed?
I snatched my hand away from hers. “You’ll have to find some other way to meet your dear Lovello, because I’m not dating his brother.”
Wasn’t even sure I wanted to see him again, for that matter. He wanted me to trust him but he couldn’t even tell me who he bloody was? What else was he keeping from me? I knew nothing about him or ‘the Nelsons’. Up until twenty minutes ago, I’d never heard of them. Well, they aren’t celebrities so I could understand why I wouldn’t. I’d have to be a person who cared about the face behind an electronic brand to know. Or a law school, wealthy bachelor-seeking person like Brenda.
I, on the other hand, barely even notice the brands on stuff. If I like it, I buy it. That’s about as far as it goes for me. Well, vogue was different.
Brenda sighed again and I wanted scream. “I guess we know now who sent the money.”
Oh, I’d forgotten about that, the rent. Brenda had apprised me that when she came home on Tuesday, a tall, muscular, African-American man had accosted her outside and handed her a white envelope. Informing her it was for Miss Francé’s debts owed to her, with interest and rent covering the next six months. After recovering from my bafflements, I’d postulated that it was either Tevin or Kelsy’s doing. But they’d both denied it when I raged at them. Now I had no doubt it was the persistent Natalio who’d sent it. It hadn’t even occurred to me, the possibility that it was his doing.
“I know you more that you think, Sadie,” he’d said. Of course he did. He was wealthy enough to pay people to spy on me. And why he did all this was beyond me. What was his game? Why the secrets? How can a man of his status be so casual? Wasn’t he afraid of being snagged and ransomed? There were tons of questions I wanted to ask. But I didn’t think I wanted to speak to him again. It wouldn’t make sense, for he’d be perennially evasive.
Maybe Brenda was right. Maybe he thought if I knew who he was, I would’ve treated him differently—as laughable as that was. If he knew everything about me as he’d proclaimed, then he’d know that as long as my bills are paid, I didn’t give a shit about riches. Prosperous or impecunious, I treated both the same. I’d been around good money, bad money, honest money, stolen money and blood money. And I knew how destructive it all could be, in all things. I’ve never desired to be wealthy and I don’t ever want to be. Comfort was all I craved.
“I’m going to bed,” I told Brenda, raising my suddenly leadened body from the sofa.
“At 7pm?”
She wanted to sit and chat? Another first. “Yes. I have a headache.”
Brenda darted to my side as I made a beeline for my bedroom. “When is he coming to see you again?”
“We were supposed to have dinner on Saturday when he returns from Michigan,” I answered dully. “But I think I’m gonna cancel that.”
“Why?” she prompted, sticking by my side. I was half-expecting her to hook her arm through mine and start square dancing. I just couldn’t acclimatize to this new Brenda.
“Well, for one, he lied to me. He didn’t tell me who he was.” I tried not to sound choleric. “And…a host of other reasons.”
“I’m sorry for what I said earlier. I didn’t mean it,” Brenda blurted. “Don’t overthink things. I’m sure he has a valid reason why. Maybe he wanted to get to know you first. Please, rethink.”
I patted her on the shoulder. “I won’t be thinking at all. Goodnight, Brenda.” I smiled sweetly before entering my bedroom and slamming the door behind me.
There would be no more of the Mr. Mysterious in Black.



Chapter Eight


A pounding headache hammered me from my sleep. It was still dark outside and I noticed it was only 10:05pm when I glanced at my bedside clock. I’d slept for only three hours, no wonder I had a headache—induced also by the booze and the new discovery.
Upon resolution not to occupy any part of my mind with Natalio, I’d switched off my cell phone, repeated my proverbs and went immediately to bed—with the intentions of sleeping till morning, not waking up three hours later.
Frustrated to the core, I flailed my arms and legs beneath the sheets. If I stayed awake, I’d start thinking about him. So I needed to go back to sleep. Now.
Rolling out of bed, I opened my nightstand drawer and retrieved a packet of Tylenol PM. This would help. I ambled to the kitchen and downed the pills with a glass of water, then back to bed.
Great, now I’d have to wait at least thirty minutes for these babies to kick in. My eyes were wide and sleepless and thoughts of Natalio were slowly creeping into my head. Had he reached his destination safely? Was he okay? Did he miss me?
No. No. No. No. I didn’t want to think about him.
Sighing, I reached for my Blackberry and switched it on. I had ten missed calls: two from Kelsy, eight from Natalio. Three text messages and one email, all from Natalio. Something moved in the depths of my stomach at the sight of Natalio’s name on my phone screen.
“Hey biatch, where you been?” Kelsy answered when I dialed her.
“I had a headache, so I turned in early. Switched off my cell. ‘Sup?”
“Nada. Tev and I wanted to chill with ya. We haven’t seen much of you since you’ve met that friend of yours,” she whined, the popping of a gum following promptly after. Kelsy was always chewing a gum.
“We went to a daylight yacht party. I think I drank too much.”
“Didn’t think to invite me? You know I love sailing!”
I coughed to clear my hoarse throat. “I’d spoken to Tev minutes before and he told me you were house shopping with your dad.”
“Oh, yeah. I hope we never find anything,” she said uninterestedly. “I’m gonna pretend to like all things overbudget and dislike anything within budget.”
The girl was crazy. “Living on your own isn’t the worst thing in the world, Kels. You’re twenty-three years old, for Christ’s sake. Wish I had a dad to buy me an apartment. Free of charge. Then I wouldn’t have to worry about rent or if my roommate hates me enough to plant rat poison in my cereal.”
“You haven’t answered me, ya know. I want you to live with me. I’ll be a heck of a lot more comfortable with idea if you do. You are so much more street smart and wiser than I am. Please say yes, Sadie.”
“I told you I’d think about it,” I muffled through a yawn.
“Girl, I’ve known you long enough to discern that when you say ‘I’ll think about it’ it normally means ‘no’.”
“You know me well, then.”
Kelsy popped another gum bubble. “So, have you screwed him yet?”
“Who?”
“That friend of yours that drives you off the wall like Anne Boleyn did Henry the Eight.”
“No, I haven’t. And I’ve changed my mind,” I said sharply, not wanting to talk about that…that…I don’t even know what the hell he is.
“Why? I thought you said he was hot.” She paused. “Oh no, is he gay?”
I giggled. At the mere fact that a few days ago I’d thought the same thing. “I’d thought so. But no, he’s not. He was here earlier and Brenda identified him as some electronics mogul.”
“What? Who is he?”
“The CEO of ENEN, apparently.”
“Whoa! Natalio Nelson?” she shrieked.
I sighed into the phone. “There we go again with the exclamations and hyper. I wouldn’t expect that reaction from someone like you who knows what dead icon is on each green bill.”
“It’s not the money. The Nelson brothers are smoking! Who wouldn’t want to date them? They’re young, impeccably hot—like walking lava, seriously—and obscenely rich. He didn’t tell you who he was?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“I’ve asked myself that question over a hundred times. How do you know them?” I asked.
“Mom does business with one of the brothers. Trevillo Nelson. She and dad even had a big fallout and stayed in malice for over three weeks because Dad accused her of sleeping with Trevillo.” Kelsy sighed. “I think she’s guilty though. And I wouldn’t blame her, the guy’s freaking gorgeous. If I was her age and that hot young guy hit on me, I’d bone him, too. Trevillo’s known for having a thing for older, kinky women. And my mom’s Queen Kink.”
A burst of laughter escaped from me. “How do you know that?”
“I snoop around when Mom and Dad aren’t home. Girl, you should see some of their play apparatuses. It’s beyond me how those things could be incorporated into sex.”
My laughter kept bubbling. The sight of Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell being kinky—I couldn’t picture it. Trust Kelsy to make me laugh.
“I still can’t believe you’re dating Natalio Nelson, though. Go figure.”
“We are—were just friends,” I corrected. “What do you know about him?”
“Except that he’s nefariously sexy and worth billions? Not much.” Kelsy paused again and I could hear the popping of another gum bubble. “The Nelsons are a very private family. We can only go by gossip. Their father’s a puissant magnate who brooks no nonsense with his boys and ensures to keep them in check. I hear that as soon as each one hits age eighteen, he sits them down and asks them what kind of business they want. Once their ideas were rational, it was set.”
I responded with ‘ohs’ and ‘ahs’ as Kelsy spoke.
“Trevillo Nelson, as I’ve told you before, he digs older chicks for whatever reason. Weird. He’s the oldest at thirty and dominates the real estate field. He’s the one I like,” she mumbled the latter. “Lovello Nelson, he’s a cocky ass, womanizing whorebag that bangs all his female employees and associates. Though the youngest at twenty-seven, he’s richest of the three as an internet billionaire and a complete genius.”
“Oh my god,” I gasped through a giggle.
“And Natalio Nelson,” she continued, “he’s that enigmatic, bad-boy type, always in black, lava guy at twenty-nine. Rumors have circulated that he’s been affiliated with gangs and such, but there’s never been any proof to that.”
“Enigmatic, clad in black, those two are correct. The bad-boy part I don’t know about,” I muttered.
“Well, when you’re prosperous it elicits some of the most ridiculous rumors. So I’m not sure if none of what I’ve just told you is even accurate,” Kelsy laughed. “If you haven’t heard of them before or kept abreast of them like the affluent women who stalks eligible bachelors, then you might not recognize a Nelson when you see one. So don’t feel bad about anything. Who knows, he was probably glad you didn’t know who he was so he could have a normal conversation with you. Maybe that’s why he likes hanging out with you.”
“Stop finding excuses for him, Kels. You’re supposed to be on my side.”
“I am on your side,” she redeemed. “But it would be cool if you guys dated. I’d love to hear if he’s good in bed. Don’t you ever wonder what it would be like having his dark head between your legs—”
“Not gonna happen. Where’s Tev?” I sliced, trying to change the subject.
Kelsy yawned. “Out getting burgers at Wendy’s. I’ve been craving it all day and I just couldn’t sleep until I got it.”
“Kels, I do hope you’re not pregnant!”
“No, I’m not. What on earth would I do with a baby when I’m afraid to even live on my own?”
“Right,” I said, appeased. “I’m going back to bed. Love you. Bye.”
Flipping my Blackberry over in my hand repeatedly, I contemplated whether I should read Natalio’s messages or just delete them. Curiosity won over, eventually, and I blew a shaky breath while I opened the first message:

It’s doleful to know that the only friend I have doesn’t seem to care about me.
How was your flight, Natalio? Have you landed safely? Did the hostess exhibit ample cleavage?
It would have been good to receive any of the above concerns from you. That way, I’d know you care.
Some friend you are, huh?
Well, Miss Francé, albeit you didn’t inquire, I’ll still keep you abreast: I’ve landed safely. And…
I can’t stop thinking about you. (Is that allowed?)

With a painful pinch that instantly reddened my skin, I berated myself when I caught myself smiling at the text. The subsequent message was sent fifteen minutes after the first:

I’ve arrived at my temporary abode.
I miss your voice.
Please, call or text me back.

The next was an hour after the second.

Your Blackberry was seated on the car charger all day today, so I’m positive your battery isn’t dead.
You’ve switched off your cell phone.
Why?
I’ve taken on a feeling of apprehension.
CALL ME.

His email came in thirty minutes ago.

Sadie,
I think I know what you are sulking about.
Your roommate, she recognized me didn’t she?
Please, don’t overthink things. Women tend to do that.
But then, you’re not like other women. That’s why I like you.
Please bear in mind that I never lied to you.
I just didn’t answer your questions with pellucidity.
That’s not lying.
Your roommate’s earlier reaction portended this.
I feared it.
You agreed not to get mad at me or ignore me.
And I agreed to be truthful to your queries. At least, I’ll try.
Just don’t eschew me. Please.
Natalio Nelson.

With a scoff followed by an eye roll, I attempted to power off my Blackberry when it buzzed with a new text message.

I can’t fall asleep.
I don’t think I will be able to, not until I hear from you.
Help me?

What did he want me to say? I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t know what to think. I didn’t know what to do, but avoid him. No, I wasn’t angry. Why should I be? He’s not my man. Though, I wanted him to be. But if he could lie about something that simple from the outset, then what would a relationship with him be like? How could I trust him?
I wasn’t sure how I felt. And I wasn’t sure how I should feel. I only knew that I desired Natalio in a way that I’ve never desired anyone or anything. That I couldn’t refrain from thinking about him. And that I hated and wanted to punish myself for wanting anyone that much.
Maybe I was over reacting. Maybe I was angrier about the fact that he didn’t kiss me. Maybe I just needed some time to think. Maybe I just needed him. Maybe…
Hitting the reply button, my fingers hovered over the keypad because I knew not what to type. So I sent a blank message. Hopefully that helped.
A minute later he replied.

Thank you.

Turning over on my stomach, I dragged the sheets over my head. It was not long before the Tylenol PM effectively dragged me off into oblivion.

“Return them to the sender,” I ordered.
The tall, red-haired delivery guy who was standing outside my door stared blankly at me with obsidian eyes. It was noon, and for some unknown reason, I was peevish and moody.
Unknown? Yeah, right.
The delivery guy compressed his lips—clearly in an ill-humored state also—and held up his hand to halt the other two guys who were dutifully unloading rolls of fabric from a white truck with the logo, ‘Reel O’ Roll’, on the side.
The materials were lovely, a variation of bright colors. And my hands itched at the need to peel away the plastic and run my hands over the bright yellow roll that the man before me held upright. I loved them. Ideas were already bouncing around in my head of what pieces I could create from them. But I knew, without a doubt, who sent them and I would not accept them.
“Ma’am, I would—” the delivery guy began with trying patience.
“I said return them,” I snapped. “I didn’t order them. I don’t know who sent them and I don’t want them.”
Pressing his lips tighter together—possibly swallowing a curse—the delivery guy gave a curt nod and turned on his heels.
Slamming the door shut, I leaned back against it.
Why did Natalio keep doing stuff like this? I’ve never once asked him for anything, yet he always felt the need to come charging in. At the same time, he wouldn’t tell me who he was because presumably I might be a ‘gold-digger’—as Kelly puts it.
All I wanted was for him to leave me alone. It was the only way I’d get over him. With hard stomps over to my working area off the wing of the living area, I snatched up my Blackberry from the cutting table and furiously typed him a message.

Enough with the philanthropic gestures, will ya?
Salvation Army earned my first visit of the morning and I was allotted enough food and second-hand clothes to last for the next six months!
Therefore, your help, Mr. Nabob, is not needed with anything!

In fury, I tossed my phone and it landed auspiciously on a plush chair a few feet away. An annoying din soon sounded accompanied by muffled buzzing. A roll of my eyes was the only attention it got from me, because I ignored it and channeled all my vigor and attention into completing the costumes I’ve been working on. Mere minutes after seven this morning, Kash had woken me from my sleep—that I’d intended to last all day—and made new orders for costumes. New dancers had joined the staff at Secre X apparently, and were requesting costumes like Kash’s. If I could complete at least a dozen pieces today, then that would guarantee me fifteen hundred bucks tonight. I pressed my feet down on the pedal of the machine and started on my fourth piece…
It was 6pm when I sat back in my chair, smiling with satisfaction that I’d been able to complete three pieces more than a dozen. Sitting around this desk employing my creative skills, I’d lost track of time and had forgotten to eat anything. I didn’t feel hungry, though. My thoughts had been free of the Nelson Nuisance, too. Good.
Twisting and stretching, I stood from my chair. My neck, back and fingers hurt.
I needed to go out tonight. I needed company. Anything to keep my mind off Natalio. What did Tevin and Kelsy have planned for tonight? I wondered. Maybe I should invite them over and we could eat pizza, drink beer and talk crap. Kelly would disapprove, as she always did, but we didn’t care. On second thoughts, I didn’t think I could manage Kelsy and Tevin’s tonguing and rubbing and canoodling. Not tonight. It would only remind me of my loneliness.
Maybe I could call Devon. I’d been giving him the run around for the past week due to a certain order that I’d received from a certain man in black. Tossing my weight down onto the plush chair and grabbing up my Blackberry, I hissed when I noted seven missed calls and two text messages from Natalio.
The first was sent a minute after my angry text at noon.

My heart is dissimilar from that of a philanthropist.
I am only kind to those I am fond of.
I’m very fond of you.
I thought the fabrics would grant you a happy Friday.
Please accept them.

On a sigh I opened the next message which was sent three hours ago.

I stand before you,
But you see me through opacity.
You know who I am,
But you don’t see who I am.
It had been a torturous wait,
In hell I’d burned my faith.
I’d ripped my hair
And gouged mine eyes.
Darkened my soul,
For my life I despised.
My palms I’ve powdered,
For when I hold you next…
N.N.

Oh my God.
Like a fish caught on a hook, my heart fluttered in my chest. He wrote poetry. What did all that mean? Why was he being so passionate all of a sudden? Our lips haven’t even met.
This is all just…too confusing, too overwhelming. And frankly, I was tired of trying to figure the man out. One minute he’s an angry, impassive mystic and the next he’s a passionate seducer.
My head fell into the cupping of my hands. Natalio, you drive me crazy. I want you…but I don’t.
I reread his message again and again trying to assimilate and decode what he was trying to tell me. But I was at a loss. Besides, I’ve never fancied poetry. I gave up. The only way to forget about Natalio was to avoid him. I’d just have to change my number on Monday.
In search for Devon’s digits, I scrolled through my phone book, selected and called. He answered on the second ring.
“Hey, Devon. You up for a movie tonight?”

Stepping from my warm bath the next night, I wrapped myself in a fluffy white towel and grabbed another to dry my hair. Muffled voices rambled down the hall. Supposition was that Brenda had invited someone over; albeit a rarefied action. If it wasn’t her brother, Tommy, I couldn’t imagine who, for it was unwonted of her to entertain guests. I shrugged in thought, maybe the true Kelsy was beginning to show, because I still couldn’t fathom her reaction to Natalio on Thursday.
I’d spent over an hour in the bath, refilling it when the water started to cool and thinking on how to spend my Saturday night. Having dinner with Natalio had been the original plan, but that plan had been expunged since I’d decided not to see him anymore. And he seemed to have finally accepted my obviation, because he hadn’t called or texted me since yesterday.
Devon was definitely out of the question. I could only spare one night of my week on irksome kibitz. He wasn’t as entertaining as Natalio. His touch, gaze or smile didn’t send sizzles through my body. He couldn’t hold my attention for more than five minutes. And he was far too interested in Tevin; always wanting to know how much Tevin divulged to me about his lifestyle. Going to the movies with him last night was like a date of death. He’d bored me into a yawning fit. But then, that could be because I was already strung out on someone else, and thoughts of that someone just wouldn’t vacate my head. Just wouldn’t let me be. Just wouldn’t allow me to enjoy being with anyone else.
Maybe I could just snuggle up in bed and attempt at concluding that Laura Kinsale novel. Or I could watch that Inception movie—for the fourth time—and attempt, again, at figuring out what the hell’s going on.
When the excess water was dried from my hair and the damp curls rippled down the length of my back, I exited the bathroom. But my feet stopped immediately in their tracks when that unmistakable, indubitable, inviolable voice traveled down the hall and smacked my ear drums.
Shit.
Natalio was here! And he was talking to Brenda.
Edging a step closer to the living area, my ears perked up like those of an alerted dog as I eavesdropped.
“…It’s just a thank you gift, Brenda. Nothing special,” I heard Natalio say casually.
“A gift?” Excitement was evident in Brenda’s voice. “Uh, thank you. I’ll go get Sadie for you.”
Quickly but quietly, I sidled off to my room, grabbed a bottle of moisturizer and plopped down on the edge of my bed, pretending to be oblivious. A moment later, Brenda barged in. She was dressed—if ‘dressed’ was the operative word—in a white camisole tank, no bra, her perked nipples puckering against the thin cotton fabric, and a tight boy-shorts which had the creases of her folds blatantly printing against it, and displaying her smooth, tanned legs. She’d stood before Natalio dressed like that?! And why were her nipples so hard? Was she turned on by him? Wasn’t she a Lovello Nelson fan?
“Lost your manners?” I snapped at her, even though I’d purposefully left the door ajar with the expectancy of her arrival.
At her side, Brenda grasped a neatly wrapped, medium-sized gift box. “You have a guest. Nelson.” A smug grin spread across her face as she said, “He brought me a gift.” She traced her fingers over the box and her cheeks flushed. “If you don’t want him, I’ll gladly take him.” And turning on her heels, she left.
Natalio brought Brenda a gift? Why? What’s he trying to prove? He said he didn’t know her. Who the hell buys a stranger a gift? I thought he said he was only kind to people he was fond of. Was he fond of Brenda? I’d heard him say it was a ‘Thank You’ gift. Thanking her for what, really? My hate for him quadrupled. Exasperated, I tightened my towel around me and stalked out of my room, down the hall and into the living area, stopping dead in my tracks when my sight captured him.
Sweet Jesus, please don’t let me faint. I’m supposed to be angry at him!
In his usual shade, Natalio wore snug black jeans—and, by gad, he was wearing it—a black air force sneakers and a black long-sleeved T-shirt that was tugged up to his elbows. A cross pendant dangled on his formidable chest on a white-gold chain around his neck. He sported a black studded leather wristband. Every feature of his face was sharpened and prominent, because his usually shabby hair was tamed and combed neatly back from his face. Sapphire eyes focused on me and sculptured lips curved up in a white smile.
Lord, give me the strength.
Why did he have to look so intense? So scorching? So irresistible? Resembling every bit the ‘bad boy’ that Kelsy had assumed him to be.
Struggling to maintain my acrimonious demeanor, I planted my hands on my hips to emphasize, “What the hell are you doing here?”
Natalio frowned and I wanted to roll my eyes because I could tell his frown was forced. He knew exactly what he was doing. “I thought we agreed I’d pick you up for dinner as soon as I landed?” His growing bemusing expression was translucently feigned.
“That was before!”
He tilted his head to one side. “Before? Before what?”
My eyes narrowed at him in exasperation. He wanted me to say it. He wanted me to say that I was mad at him for keeping secret who he was and that I didn’t want to see him anymore. He wanted me to express it all…but I couldn’t.
“You know what.” My tone was less severe than before. My anger was dissolving, being superseded by raw, undiluted, Lord-please-forgive-me lust.
“No, I don’t. Tell me.”
He stood about five feet away from me, hands jabbed in the front pockets of his jeans, looking intrepid, relaxed and self-possessed. Not in the least fazed by my seething. While I, on the other hand, was burning, scorched, turning to ashes just by being in his proximity. It wasn’t my anger that had me so heated, no. It was my unquenched desire for him that had me conflagrant. To be touched and kissed and licked by him…oh god, just one touch…
My towel loosened a bit and I hurriedly tightened it around me. “Why are you here, Natalio? Why should I go anywhere with you? Why must I—”
In one swift move, Natalio was before me, breathing my air. His arm snaked around my waist, pressing me into him as he clamped his lips down on mine. I didn’t protest, I couldn’t. Like a slave to him, my mouth opened, welcoming him. He kissed me, hard and fierce, confident and demanding. Then abruptly, he pulled away. A kiss that was harsh and clipped…but slaking.
Eyes closed, I stood reeling in darkness for several moments. When I opened them, Natalio was gazing down at me, his brow raised in that signature, wet-my-panties way. “That’s why,” he whispered.
My heart was a pounding tattoo and my knees jellied. Only hot air escaped when I tried to speak. “I-I’ll…go get…dressed.”
Natalio’s lips curved up in a complacent smile. “Good.”
Touching my slightly swollen lips, dumbstruck by his assault, I turned and wobbled my way down the hall.
What the hell? Will I ever be able to resist him?
Will I ever be able to stay away from Mr. Mysterious in Black?



Chapter Nine


“You look beautiful, Sadie,” complimented Natalio as he led me outside. His fingers gently drummed where they were rested on the small of my back. Determined not to speak, I nodded. I’d decided, while I got dressed, that two could two play his game. So I’d opted for an ankle-length, navy blue velvet off-the-shoulder dress—which was self-made, incidentally. The smooth velvet material leeched onto my skin, accentuating my ample hips and a mid-thigh split displayed the length of my left leg. I hadn’t much time to school my hair, so, utilizing a golden hairpin, I’d pulled away my lengthy hair from one side of my face, revealing that side of my neck. Intentionally did so, because I knew he was fascinated with my neck. Oh yes, two can play the game.
All done in hopes that I would have the same effect on him as he’d had on me when I’d caught sight of him standing, devilishly sexy, in the living area earlier. His sharp intake of breath when I’d sassed down the hall preened and primped, and his lingering eyes on my partial neck, had told me that he did. And inwardly I’d smirked, feeling rather complacent.
Natalio opened the passenger door of his vehicle and stood aside for me to enter. Such a gentleman when he wanted to be. And I loved the fact that, as wealthy as he was, he hadn’t anyone driving us around and opening my doors for me. Proved just how much he craved control. He wanted to open all my doors and maneuver me in every way. And I wanted him to.
Politely I smiled, being sure to avoid his eyes. What a pretentious game we were playing. When he entered on the driver’s side, he twisted and reached for a black pinstripe jacket that was on a hanger in the back. “Guess I’ll be needing this after all,” he mumbled as he shrugged it on. “That dress is…hell, it’s…damn. Who’s the designer? I want to buy you a dozen more like it.”
“Sadie Francé,” I muttered.
He shot me a doubtful glance. “You made that dress?”
I folded my hands in my lap and kept my gaze straight ahead. My silence would tell him that I’d fallen into a deeper sulk for his doubting my skills.
But in all veraciousness, my silence was my implement of hindering him from initiating a conversation. I wasn’t really able to speak just yet, for I was still in vertigo from that kiss. My mind was in disarray and I needed a few more minutes to recover my equilibrium. He wielded too much power over me and I needed to keep my wits about me. He would simply look into my eyes and my body instantly responded to his unspoken words. My body understood and yielded complaisantly, when I barely knew what’s happening. My body was in tune with him, striding alongside him, while my subconscious struggled to keep up. Trying to comprehend what the hell was happening. I didn’t know who he was, but already I think I was enslaved to him. If I could manage to avoid his eyes, then I’d be safe.
How he viewed my reticence to his question, I wasn’t sure, for he refrained from another word. So we drove in silence to the restaurant, and I tried not worry about his current thoughts. Instead, I closed my eyes and inhaled as the air conditioner permeated his expensive fragrance that was subtle but declared ‘I am man’.
When I sneaked a peek at him, I saw that he was trying to smother a smile. But I dared not ask what about. I couldn’t bear to hear the sound of his smooth, caressing voice if he spoke right now. I’d melt.
We were greeted politely by a gangly, brown-haired waiter at the entrance of a restaurant called ‘Vibrato Grill Jazz’ and were led to our table. Warm and inviting was the décor; dimly lit with an intimate ambience. A live jazz band played soothing music on a stage situated at the front, creating that cozy and romantic aura. I closed my eyes and sighed, allowing myself to relax at the sweet melody of the saxophone.
Natalio’s eyes were hot on my face as the waiter continued with his obsequiousness before leaving us to decide on our meal. Maybe he knew the blue-eyed tycoon. I was the only idiot who didn’t.
“Still sulking?” I heard Natalio ask. “Are you going to talk to me anytime soon?”
“Yes,” I replied with my eyes fixed on the menu. “Crispy Calamari for appetizer. Wild Mushroom T—”
“I’m not the waiter,” he snapped.
Taking a sip of my water, I chanced a quick glance at him. He seemed irritated. “What do you want to talk about?”
“I want to know why you’re upset with me.”
I sighed. “Natalio, will you stop playing dense? You know why. Why did you lie to me?”
He gazed at me, imploring me to look him in the eye, for my eyes were fixated on his chest. But I didn’t. That would be my undoing. “How did I lie to you, Sadie? I just didn’t tell you who I was.”
“Why?”
“Because I wanted you to recognize me, dammit,” he said in a rising voice. “Not me, Natalio Nelson, proprietor of ENEN, but me.”
What the hell did that mean?
Because I wasn’t up for an angry Natalio tonight, I decided to ignore his building ire. With a shake of my head, I sipped at my water before speaking at a measured pace. “You are the most confusing, contorted, convoluted person I’ve ever met. I can’t understand you. What is it that you want from me?”
“Look at me, Sadie,” he prompted.
I did and immediately regretted it. His eyes blazed with passion, igniting my own.
“I want you. I want you to want me. I want you to see me,” he told me with the same pace and limpidity as I’d spoken.
The waiter returned, but Natalio held my gaze as if no one was there. Sighing, I tore my eyes away from his and addressed them at the waiter, placing my order.
He wanted me. Why didn’t he just say that from the night at the club? Sheesh.
Once the waiter had disappeared, I asked, “For someone of your status, how do you travel alone? Aren’t you afraid?”
Natalio chuckled. “Afraid?” He chuckled harder. “No, I’m not afraid. And no, I don’t travel alone. I’m always secured.”
“Where are they now?” I glanced around the restaurant searching for anyone in dark suits and dark eye shades. Cipher.
Natalio smirked. “That’s for me to know.”
My lips quirked in annoyance.”Why are you so withholding?”
“I’m not. Well, only…for now.”
“Why? You think I’d want you for your money? That I’d treat you differently if I knew? If you were looking for an un-rapacious, unselfish woman who’ll love you for you, then a strip should’ve been the last place you checked, buddy.” I was beyond exasperated. “But get this, if your money was your only attraction, well, for me, you wouldn’t be worth the goddamned trouble. Trust me. It’s like trying to find my way out of a maze with your complex ass.”
He lips twitched and before he could speak the waiter approached with our wine. Opening and pouring with grace and flourish.
When we were soon alone, Natalio spoke. “I’ve never thought that of you. As a matter of fact, everything I’ve ever done is for you. Everything that I have is also yours.”
Heaven help me, this dude must be suffering from some sort of illness. Dementia, maybe? Maybe he’s deluded?
In over my head I was with this man. Were his savoring looks and praiseworthy body really worth the trouble? Slowly, I rolled my head around on my shoulders, brought my palm to my forehead and whined, “Ohhh, pleeaaasssee, Natalio. Will you just be forthcoming and stop with all the riddles already?”
He tried to repress a smile and failed.
He found this funny? This man was giving me a headache and he thought it funny? I was infuriated. “Listen up, Sphinx. I’m no goddamn Oedipus Rex. I absolutely suck at solving riddles. So if you got something to say, then spit it out. You’re giving me a goddamn headache.”
“Your neck,” he whispered. And I noticed his breathing was slightly ragged. “Why didn’t you pin both sides of your long, bountiful hair? I love to see that graceful neck of yours.”
This man…
There I sat, baffled, bewildered with a tinge of anger and he was adoring my neck. Could he get any more frustrating? “Stop digressing,” I snapped. “Or I swear I’ll wear only turtleneck tops from now on.”
Natalio grinned and I almost melted. “You wouldn’t dare.”
“Oh, you obviously don’t know me very well.”
“Okay,” he sighed, straightening himself in his chair. His expression grew determined and serious. “Sadie, it might sound crazy to you now, but you mean everything to me. It’s been a long wait but you have no idea the contentment it brings me have you in my grasp. I won’t tell you straight up what you want me to tell you because, as I have told you time and time again, I’d prefer you to find out on your own, because I’m not sure how you’ll react. I want nothing to be forced. Nothing to be fake. I want you to want me—no, need me. I want you to love me. Fall helplessly in love with me just like—” he stopped abruptly, and leaned back in his chair. “You see? I’m getting carried away.”
I blinked at him, blanked. What in the world was he saying? This barmy, mourning billionaire wanted me to fall helplessly in love with him? Why?
Palming my forehead again, I took a long sip of my wine. There was no understanding this man, because all he did was talk in parables instead of coming straight with me. What did he want me to find out on my own? Had he known me before? Or was he just a complete stranger trying to take disadvantage of my illness? But then, if that was the case, he would’ve been telling me all kinds of tales about my so-called past. Maybe he was from my past and wanted me to remember him on my own. In truth, there were times, like whenever he laughed and relaxed his facial features, that I thought him familiar. But that was just it, he was reminding me of someone that I couldn’t remember. At that moment, I was highly frustrated.
Shaking my head, I took another sip of my wine, placed the glass down, then immediately reached for it again and gulped it all.
“Look, Sadie,” he began. “I don’t want to scare you away. I want to keep you in my life. I could tell you, but only if I was sure that once you knew, you’d take my hand and skip gleefully away with me.” He gave a childish smile at the latter—knowing that such was childish jabber. “But I’m worried you might run. And I don’t want you to run from me. Only to love me.”
Refilling my wineglass, I crinkled my brows, asking, “Have you known me before? Assuming you know about my amnesia, are you from my past?”
Natalio closed his eyes for several heartbeats before opening them again and saying, “Yes.”
“Then why don’t you just tell me who you were to me instead of starting over? You don’t think that’s easier?”
“I could. But how would you know if anything I tell you is true? How would you know that I’m not just making things up to make you be with me? I don’t want to tell you stuff and then you start embellishing it with your imagination. If I try to remind you of the past, you will force yourself to remember, and what you remember wouldn’t really be your memory. It would be what I told you along with your own imagination.” On a heavy sigh, he ran a hand over his face. “Look, Sadie, it’s not just about who I was to you. It’s about how things…I can’t…I can’t tell you. I want you to remember. And you will. I have faith. Even though I shouldn’t.” He made an anxious chortle. “Of all the doctors I’ve spoken with, only one gave me hope that if you’re around me often, you might remember fragments of your past with me. And I’ve spoken to a lot of doctors. That doctor’s daughter had been in a car accident and suffered the same fate. He said that four years after the accident she began having scattered memories of events leading up to the very accident. However, he did label it ‘a miracle’.” Natalio laughed at his last words.
Just like all the doubtful doctors have ever told me about my memories not being real, Natalio was doing the same and it angered me. But then, anything about this situation tended to anger me, which is why I hated talking about my past. My amnesia wasn’t so severe that I’d forgotten my entire past. The only memories that I’d lost were the memories two years prior to my head injury. So I wasn’t that bad. I wished people would stop making me feel like a damn freak.
My mood was now as bitter as gall, so much that I was uninterested in continuing this conversation with Natalio. He must have taken note of such when I picked up my wineglass and turned my attention to the Jazz players on-stage, because he breathed an audible sigh and reached across the table to take my hand in his.
“Sadie, this is what I didn’t want, for you start over thinking things or feeling sorry for your situation. If there are no wonders with your memory returning, then we can just start over—well, we’re already doing that. Don’t worry about it and just forget this conversation. I never knew you, you never knew me. We’re just two new people trying to get to know each other. Please, can we just get back to where we were before your roommate opened her beak?” he pleaded.
That was a good proposition, I thought. Because, in all candidness, my brain was weary from trying to assimilate this intricate conversation. What I did know, with utter certainty, was that I wanted him—physically. His hard frame against my melting flesh. His lips on mine again, and hopefully, other places. And what I also knew, inauspiciously, was that I was incapable of granting his wishes. I couldn’t fall helplessly in love with him, or need him for any other reason beyond bed-mating. I found him fiendishly attractive, yes. And I’d been longing to be knotted in the sheets with him from the very outset. But now, he was talking about forever. And I wanted none of that. He was right, all that love and forever talk will scare me. I will run.
Ergo, I would grant Natalio his last wish and forget about it. As long as it didn’t stymie us from sharing our bodies sexually, then with no further bedevilment, I would allow him the reservations of his secrets.
“Agreed.”

“Are you here on business?” I asked Natalio once we were on the move again. I’d powered back the car seat and was lying relaxed, gazing longingly at the gorgeous chunk of man who handled the steering wheel with easy grace. Replete, content, and boosted by wine, I was once again enjoying my man in black.
“Yes and no.”
“Where do you stay when you’re here?” I queried, knowing exactly where I wanted this conversation to take me.
His cell phone chimed and he snatched it from its holder and attended to his received email or whatever it was, while maneuvering the vehicle single-handedly and answering my question.”Depends. I have a loft here in west. My brother, Trevillo, owns a hotel in south where I have a penthouse suite reserved. And I’m fond of Roosevelt.”
“Your brother owns a hotel?” Of course he does.
“Yes.”
“Which hotel?”
A tic jumped in his jaw as he read his phone screen, intermittently glancing up at the road. Like granite, his face hardened and he threw the phone down in the cup holder, evoking a loud clang. “Viscas.”
“Wow. That’s a freakin’ five-star hotel. Affordable only to the moneyed.”
“Yes.”
Monosyllabic he was. Pensive he seemed. What was his problem now? His mood tended to change at the snap of a finger. But I wasn’t about to let his mood ruin mine.
In the sultriest voice I could afford, I asked, “Where are we heading now? Your loft?”
Natalio side-eyed me. “That’s where you want me to take you?”
“Yes.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
“Penny for your thoughts?”
“Nope,” I said coolly. “See, I can be monosyllabic, too.”
He didn’t laugh as I’d expected him to. Something obviously had him peeved. After a long while, he struck. “Why did you disregard my order?”
“Excuse me?”
As if trying to repress his anger, Natalio gripped the steering wheel with both hands. Tight. “Sadie, I told you to stay away from Devon. To stay away from him. That means you don’t get to go on a goddamn movie date with him! It was a simple frigging order. Was it that hard to follow?”
How on earth did he know that? Was he having me watched? Nevertheless…”Are you kidding me? You don’t get to give me ‘orders’, Natalio. This is my life, not yours. And I can do whatever I bloody well please.”
Natalio slammed the brakes, jolting the vehicle to sharp halt. It was good that I’d been lying back in the seat, or I’m pretty sure I would’ve gone straight through that windshield. He rammed the gear in Park while the drivers behind blew their horns in exasperation. “No, you will not! I can’t protect you if you don’t listen to me.”
“I don’t need your—”
I almost swallowed my tongue when he launched towards me, gripping my shoulders to keep me still…and silent. “Sadie, listen to me. Devon. Is. Deleterious. Stay away from him. He’s seeking some sort of information that he thinks you might have. And if he can’t get it, he’ll resort to extensive measures. That’s how he works. But I’m going to find out what the hell it is before he gets it.”
The harsh, cold demeanor that he wore had me fearing. Fear. An emotion I almost never employ. “Are you going to hurt me?”
Natalio’s eyes widened a fraction. Passing car lights made intermittent glides over his face, revealing his pained expression as he eyed his large, aggressive hands that were gripping my slender and innocent shoulders. He then he swore beneath his breath and released me. “No, baby. Never. I’m sorry if I scared you.” He traced the pad of his thumb tenderly across my lips, and I sighed into his touch, believing every word as he said them. “Will I hurt someone who tries to harm you? Yes. Cruelly. Will I hurt you? Never. Never, Sadie. Forgive me. Forgive my anger.”
Lowering his head, he brushed his lips against mine, and just when I was opening my mouth to charge my tongue inside his, there was a knock on the window. It was then I remembered that we were parked in the middle of the street.
Natalio muttered something inaudible and powered down the windows, revealing a burly, shaved head man dressed in a black suit and gripping a handgun in one hand, his sharp eyes searching everywhere in the vehicle. “Just checking if you’re okay, boss,” his heavy voice rumbled.
Natalio waved him off. “We’re good, Ruddy.”
The man nodded and backed away as Natalio powered up the window. Well, there’s proof to support his claim that he’s always secured. How did his men stay out of sight, though? Until now, I’d never seen any of his people.
Natalio slid back the gear in Drive and resumed our journey, tapping his fingers on the steering wheel as his mind seemed to have left the earth.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I only went out with Devon last night because I was upset with you.”
There was no reply. He just kept his eyes on the road, the drumming of his fingers against the wheel being the only sound between us.
“He inquires a lot about Tevin,” I added, hoping that would make him speak to me again. “Maybe Tevin’s who he’s trying to get info on?”
“Ah,” Natalio drew out, nodding on a frown. “Tevin. That makes sense.”
“What?”
“Don’t worry about it, Sadie. Just…don’t defy me again and steer clear of Devon, okay?”
As much as I wanted to argue with his terms ‘defy’ and ‘order’, terms that made it seem as if I were some sort of slave to him, I didn’t. Natalio Nelson wasn’t quite the ambrosia when he was angry; that tasteful, edifying treat that I always saw him as, eager to lick and devour every bit of his immortalizing nectar. An angry Natalio, I’d just learnt, was a scary, unpalatable one. Leaning forward, I upped the volume of the car stereo, refusing to further this conversation. Etta James’ mesmerizing voice filled the confined space of the vehicle as she crooned ‘I’d Rather Go Blind’.

Elevator doors slid open and I was led directly into a cold, high-ceilinged, glass-walled penthouse. And I inwardly snorted. Were all affluents the same? Always preferring cold glass boxes to comfortable homes?
As I walked further into the suite, I found myself slanting my head to assess an intriguing painting that sat in isolation on the center of a wall adjacent the elevator. A black, oil-painted vortex on a white background, with a semblance of shadowed hands reaching out. I found that I was pulling closer towards it, wanting to climb in. It was quasi-hypnotic. Beckoning. The strangest painting I’d ever seen.
“Explains me,” I heard Natalio say from behind me.
“It’s…eerie,” I whispered, fascinated.
“I know. Can I get you a drink?”
“Merlot.”
His footsteps sounded across the wooden floor. For several moments I stared at the painting, before the feat of ripping my gaze away from the curst thing came. Turning, I let my eyes wander idly around the rest of the room which was open floor plan. What wasn’t glass was either black or white. Black furniture. White walls. Black and white paintings. I glanced over to the kitchen where Natalio stood pouring a glass of wine and noted that it was all stainless steel.
Would I want to live in an all glass, sterile, pallid home if I were wealthy? Maybe it was just a way to say, ‘Hey, I’m rich!’
My sight rested on a bubble chair that hung from the ceiling, and I walked over to it and ensconced myself there. A huge, fluffy, white pelt was spread obediently beneath it. Closing my eyes, I swung the bubble chair back as I heard Natalio’s footsteps approaching.
“You don’t want to look around?” He handed me the glass of wine.
“No.” I’d like to look down your pants.
“Are you comfortable in this thing?” He sunk to his knees before me on the pelt.
“Yes.” And I’d be even more comfortable naked, with my legs on your shoulders.
Natalio sat back on his heels, lifted my feet onto his lap, slid off my heels and commenced massaging my feet; his thumbs kneading my soles.
It felt really good. My head fell back as I closed my eyes and emitted a soft moan. I couldn’t recall the last time I’d received such treatment. Years.
Natalio spoke. “If it was anyone else, they would’ve been from basement to balcony, wandering from room to room gushing about how amazing this place is.”
“It’s cold and lifeless. And I’ve only been in the main room.”
His fingers paused momentarily, then resumed. “You don’t like it.”
“It’s not for me to like. Next foot,” I ordered.
Subserviently, he picked up my right foot and granted it similar treatment as the left.
He seemed to enjoy doing this. And I wondered what else I could get him to do before he slipped back into complexity.
“Have sex with me tonight,” I tried.
“No.”
Whamp, whamp, whamp. Failure.
“Why not?”
“Because I refuse to have sex with you in the manner you prefer.”
So much for com-mu-ni-cat-ing. Pulling my foot from his grasp, I pressed it gently on his chest, while setting my wineglass on the floor. Natalio looked at me quizzically, but I gave him no time to think. Applying pressure to my foot on his chest, in one thrust, I pushed hard so that he fell backward onto the pelt. Before he could move, I leapt from the bubble chair and sat astride him.
“You want to play, Mr. Nelson? Let’s play,” I sweltered. Leaning down, I ran my tongue along his jaw.
Natalio gazed at me with impassivity for a moment, then his mouth twisted in amusement, his blue eyes gleaming sinisterly. And I momentarily cowered.
Oh hell no, Natalio. I want you tonight and I’m going to get you by all means. Game on.
He folded his arms behind his head in a relaxed position and gave me an impish smile. “What are going to do with me, seductress?”
Holding his gaze, I grasped the hem of my dress and inched it up, up, up, slowly. If he broke eye contact, then I’d know I could win tonight. I edged my velvet dress farther and farther up my thighs and he still didn’t look away. Damn, he’s got more control than I thought.
Reaching behind my back, I struggled to get my zipper down.
Natalio chuckled. “Now that’s something you’ll need a hand with. Too bad my hands are busy pillowing my head.”
“I didn’t need help zipping it up. So I don’t need help zipping it down,” I sassed. Then finally, after an eternal struggle, I got it unzipped and I smirked at him. “Now, Mr. Nelson.” I slid my dress down and stopped halfway over my breasts. Natalio drew a sharp breath, but his eyes still didn’t leave mine. “If your dick so much as twitches beneath me,” I warned. “Then I get what want.”
He gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head, with a you-really-think-you-can-call-the-shots expression. I ignored it and released my dress, allowing it to fall down to my waist. My nipples hardened as the cool air whispered around them.
Natalio released a long shuddering breath that, unbeknownst to me, he was holding. Warmth settled at my center as I felt his erection pressing between my thighs.
A smug smile tugged up my lips. “I guess I win.”
He remained silent, and I leaned forward and ran my tongue from the base of his neck up to his chin. He tasted divine. A low groan rumbled in his throat as I bit his bottom lip, then ran my tongue across it. Still, he made no move to touch me. Pressing my lips down on his, I kissed him. Hard. Because that’s how I wanted it. My tongue forced its way inside his mouth but he didn’t reciprocate. Kissed him I did, asking him to open up, but he didn’t.
In a flash, he grabbed my wrists and in one move spun me onto my back so he was on top.
“It’s what I say, Miss Francé,” he hissed peremptorily. “Slow or no.”
Natalio brought his lips to mine and kissed me soft and tender, brushing his lips against my quivering plumps. He kissed my forehead, my cheeks, my ears and it felt so good and so familiar, I wanted to weep.
“Please, no,” I begged him. “Don’t be gentle. Don’t be slow.”
“Slow or no,” he repeated as he released his hold on my wrists and brushed his knuckles along my cheek. “Sweet, sweet Sadie,” he whispered, and edged down my neck. “I could never forget…” He pressed soft kisses on my neck and ran his nose along my neckline. “My neck. I christened it. You have always been mine.”
Hot and bothered, I thrashed my head from side to side. In love with the way he was touching me, but I also hated it. Wanted him to touch me, but not like this. Lacing my hands around his neck, I implored him to kiss me. He did, and seeing that he was now vulnerable, I dragged my hands sinuously down his shoulders, down to his firm sternum, and then pushed, hard, so that he was on his back again. Faster than a cheetah, I was once more astride him.
Natalio was fleetingly wide-eyed, obviously taken by surprise. Then he chuckled, long and hard. “I can tell it’s going to be a very long night.”
“Not if you give me what I ask for,” I seethed.
He stared at me impregnably, his blue eyes steady. “Do you want me, Sadie? Or do you just want my cock?”
“Let me feel it first—if it’s a worthy size capable of doing enough internal damage. Then I’ll get back to you on that.”
Due to his resistance, it was a struggle to remove his jacket. Grabbing the hem of his shirt, I yanked it over his head.
Oh good lord. The man’s got a glorious build!
“Like what you see?” he smirked.
“Nah. I think you should up your pounds in weightlifting. Too much flab and no abs,” I teased.
Natalio laughed and I dove my tongue inside his mouth, kissing him how I wanted to be kissed. Aggressive and harsh. “That’s how I want you to kiss me.”
“No.”
“You kissed me like that back at my apartment earlier, remember?”
“You were mad at me, and I didn’t know what to do. I knew you’d like that, so that’s why I did it,” he confessed.
“Well, I’m very mad at you right now because you won’t give me what I want.”
“You’re already in my house.” His voice was a warm blanket wrapping around me.
“I could leave, you know.” Ha! As if I would.
“I won’t let you.”
Growing exasperated, I shrugged. “We’re incongruent.”
What’s the point? He’s been withholding with everything, and now sex? My vice? This I could not tolerate.
“Because you want us to be,” he snapped.
“I know what I want, Natalio.”
“You think you know what you want. I know what you want. I know you,” he whipped, his words pronounced with clarity, his T’s snapping with a sharp edge.
I could see his anger approaching on a mighty black horse, galloping fiercely on red-hot coals. But then, I didn’t give a heck. Anger was befalling me, too.
My words were firm, leaving no room for disputation when I said, “Hard. Fast. Or no.” Before I knew it, I was on my back again, pinioned beneath him. “Slow or no.”
“Fine, then,” I pouted. “No sex tonight. No sex with you ever. Take me home.”
“No. You’re staying here tonight.”
“I want to go, Natalio.” Liar. Not even the warriors of heaven could take me away from this man.
Natalio was adamant. “You wanted to come here. I took you here. And you’re staying.”
“You can’t make me,” I challenged.
“Really now?” he dragged, as he slid his hand up my thigh. He lowered his head and closed his warm mouth over my hardened nipple, flicking his tongue around it.
“Hmm…” I couldn’t help it.
“You’ve had four glasses of red wine tonight,” he started, his voice reverberating through my body. His fingers walked slowly up my inner thighs. “Red wine. A known aphrodisiac.” He then trailed his fingers around the edges of my panties, making me squirm.
“You’ve been wet and wanting since you felt my erection. Maybe even before that,” he continued. Next, his hand was inside my panties finding that I was already wet, a finger scarcely brushed against my bud and I mewled.
“Na..Natal…no…”
“You see that?” he whispered, nibbling on my earlobe. “That’s because you’ve been needy for so long. And I keep denying you what you want.” Natalio pressed down on my bud with his thumb and I moaned again. Loud. What’s happening? Sadie Francé didn’t make noise during sexy time. Ever. I was a quiet lover.
“Now, Sadie, you’re intensely aroused, bothered and highly frustrated,” he continued to torture. “So when I do this, you’ll writhe.” He took my bud between his thumb and forefinger and rubbed, once, then twice. Unable to control my movements, I writhed with a moan. “And when I do this, you’ll arch.” He slid a finger inside me, then another. And I arched into him and mewled helplessly. “Now I’m gonna make you come. And, because of the wine and frustration from sex denial, you’re gonna come so long and hard that your body will be enervated, and will push you instantly into a sound sleep.”
Natalio moved his fingers inside me, in and out repeatedly before saying, “Get ready, baby.”
He held my bud between his thumb and forefinger again, then squeezed. And I cried out. Oh shit, the sensation. It’s…heaven.
He squeezed again and I stiffened with raw pleasure. I’ve been swept up into a dark whirlwind. Like the painting on the wall. It’s like he was…hypnotizing me. Natalio rubbed his fingers together, my bud trapped in the middle, and I couldn’t take it anymore. My whole body tensed, and then vibrated. My eyes screwed shut as I screamed so loud I could hear my voice echoing throughout the room. Imploded I did, coming hard and long, just like he said. It’s like I’d never before had an orgasm. On and on it went, rippling, my legs wooden.
I remained in the dark place behind my eyes, for my lids were too heavy to open.
The last thing I heard against my ear before I was dragged off into a deep sleep was, “I win.”



Chapter Ten


No one knew, with certainty, his genesis. And he divulged no such details to anyone either, it mattered not who inquired. Somewhere from the west, was the supposition, where the prosperous resides, but definitely not from this neighborhood. He was too polished, too genteel, too decorous, too lettered. His habiliments were what we, people of this neighborhood, only saw in magazines. He possessed all the latest gadgets that were advertised on television. Sometimes, months before a gadget even hit the stores, he already had it.
No one envied, execrated or vilified him. And even the gangsters stayed aloof, keeping their distance, as if warned off. With utter respect and kindness, he handled all.
By a Friday’s end—for he only came around on the weekends—all the girls would be agog of his wonted visit to the neighborhood, and so they’d primp themselves to the extremity, flaunting in the skimpiest of garments their closets housed—all done with the aim of catching the sparkling blue eyes of the mysterious rich boy from the west.
Automatically, he was crowned the clique leader by the guys from the Nine Life Clique. Like him they all aspired to be—even though they didn’t know him. But indeed, he was an exemplary leader. Soon, through his generosity, all the guys of Nine Life Clique were sporting the latest footwear, True Religion and LRG jeans, Christian Audigier shirts, Ralph Lauren and the like, for he would take them shopping regularly, and ensured they needed naught. You name it, the Nine Life Clique had it. Yes, he took good care of his boys.
When he was around, it wasn’t hard to tell. For the air was sprite and animated. The vicinity would hold encouraging springiness and vivacity. And I wasn’t sure why. ‘He’s just human’, I always mumbled to myself. Could one person bring such hopeful smiles to the life of so many? Or were they just awe-inspired? He was just freakin’ human! A moneyed human.
It was Saturday, and mom and dad were fighting, again, about the floozy blonde down the street that dad slept out with last night. Dad had mom pinioned on the ground, pummeling her face, warning her never to argue with him again. About anything. With tears strolling down my face, I forced myself betwixt, trying to stop them. Trying to end the horribleness that I would never inured to—as often as it happened. But then Dad turned and back-handed me hard across my face, yelling for me to get out. To get my ‘despicable’ self out of his house, out of his sight.
With my hand to my throbbing cheek, I snatched my sketch pad off the kitchen counter, tucked it into my messenger bag and compliantly obeyed my father’s command to leave the house. I would return a couple of hours later when Dad’s anger quelled. Calling the cops was out of the question, because mom would be pissed at me. I’d done so twice and she’d cursed at me, telling me I was making people of the neighborhood talk about her. And worse, it’d rendered me torturous beatings from Dad. But I’d gotten immune to pain, for he’d hit me so often, I’d grown indurate to his abuses. My concerns and tears were mostly shed for my mother, but her warnings never to get myself or anyone else involved were resounding. Therefore, I never called the cops anymore whenever Dad hit her. For the one thing I never wanted to do was upset her. I loved her too much.
Slinging my messenger bag across my shoulders, I loped through the gate of our small, termite-infested bungalow home, and commenced my promenade to the park. I ignored the blue-eyed clique leader who nodded at me from across the street, with his crew members scattered around him, laughing and jesting and flirting with voluptuous gals. The mysterious rich boy from the west was perched on the hood of his sleek white Chrysler that glistened under the glaring sunlight, while reggae, Buju Banton’s Wanna Be Loved, blared from its stereo.
No, I’m not delusional, but sometimes I think he deliberately dawdles in my proximity—when he’s around, that is—waiting for me to leave my house so he can resume his annoyance.
An expected moment later, he’d jogged by my side. “Hi, Sadie.”
As always, I ignored him. I just couldn’t fathom why he found it entertaining to annoy me, when there were a multitude of skimpily dressed girls bending over their fences and railings, twisting chewing gums salaciously around their fingers trying at anything, in earnest, to attract his attention. I’ve never given him a breath of kindness, a flutter of my eyelashes or a curve of my lips, and still he wouldn’t relent. Admire his persistence? No, I did not. The guy, to me—for reasons I never want to admit—was a bloody plague.
He stepped in front of me, obstructing my path. Being around six inches taller than me, I had to turn my sullen face up to look into his bright blues. It pained me how beautiful he was. An insidious, pernicious beauty that was detrimental to any weak feminine eyes that ever made the mistake of looking at him. The guy’s beauty was painful.
His raven-dark hair was of unnatural length for a man, passing his shoulders in pigtailed braids. A red ball cap was turned backwards on his head, allowing him to resemble a boorish Indian.
“How much more incitement and exhortation will it take for you to finally take the damn step off the cliff and drown yourself?” I barked at him.
The brightness that was in his eyes mere seconds ago visibly extinguished. “You’ve been crying,” he said in a tender voice. “Your delicate cheek is waled and aggravated.”
“That ain’t got shit to do with you,” I spat, then stepped around him and strode off.
He jogged up to my side again, but this time he didn’t speak. He just walked quietly beside me, eying me closely, assessing me. And when I picked up the pace, he did, too. When I slowed, he did the same, like a puppy sticking to its owner. His eyes were hot on my face in lieu of watching where he walked. Cars streamed up and down the street, and an amalgam of noises came from the clustered houses and rickety apartment buildings we passed as we strolled along the sidewalks. The sounds of crying babies, shouting of frustrated mothers and angry fathers, laughter of romping kids and mixtures of blaring music wasn’t enough to distract me from how warm and weird my body felt when I was close to him, an unexplainable curling in the pit of my stomach. I didn’t like it.
A tall brunette, dressed in a short white skirt and pink camisole with her breasts full and luscious, bubbling over the curve of her camisole, walked in our path as we passed her house and grabbed his hand, lilting, “Nelly! I’ve missed you. Why haven’t you come to see me?”
Stepping around the rumored couple, I continued my walk to the park. Right.
I’ve never been fond of Mrs. Forrest’s—the prime community gossiper—daughter, but now, I’ve never been more grateful for her aid in Nelly’s extrication. Because as I much I hate to admit it, I was attracted to him. I do get on fire for him just like the other girls. Nevertheless, although I couldn’t control how I felt, I could control my actions. I didn’t like the way I felt for him, and I was angry that I did, because I didn’t want to feel anything for him.
Especially love.
In the park, I nestled myself at the trunk of a massive oak tree. It was my favorite place to relax when my home was in turmoil; I found solace beneath the giant green fluff of leaves. Opening my pad, I picked up where I’d left off with my design sketches of what I hoped would come to life one day. Even though dad had told me that my dreams were empty and had suffered a brutal death before they were even born. I still dreamed on, nonetheless. What’s life without dreams? Even if they never come true, the most salubrious thing one could do is dream. So I dream. Because dreaming is what keeps me alive.
My bedroom at home was rife with fashion magazines, for I would keep myself abreast of what was currently in style and created my own designs in tune.
This made me smile. Of only this was I passionate. This gave me peace.
The sunlight dimmed as large fluffs of cumulus clouds passed by it. And at the same time, the air shifted, but I kept my eyes to my pad, focused on my sketching and ignored the pair of Timberland boots that stood before me.
Why won’t he leave me alone?
“Now that I know what makes you smile, I’ll know what to get you,” the irritable pestilence of a voice said from about a mile above me.
“I want nothing from you. I’m not one of your boys from the Nine Life Clique. Go pity someone else,” I spat acerbically, my gaze intent on my sketch, my fingers applying enough pressure to break the pencil point.
“I’ve never seen you happy.” His benevolent voice coming from above, gave that impressionistic portrayal of a deity endowing unwanted compassion.
“And what’s that to you? Who the hell do you think you are?” I asked, finally allowing my eyes to drift up his slightly bowed legs snug in faded blue jeans, and up to his firmly built torso with abs that were too proud to lay abased beneath his white T-shirt that was shoved up to his elbows, and then up to his sculptured lips where my eyes lingered a bit before gliding over his perfect straight nose and finally settling on his captivating blues.
“I’d like to make you happy,” he persisted. A thick fluff of cloud moved away from the sun, leaving it right over Nelly’s head, crowning him with a halo, darkening his face and forcing its glare down at me so that I had to squint my eyes. From my point of view, he was a deity…
But I was the seed of a curst Diablo. “The only thing I’d like you to do, Nelly, is: Leave. Me. The. Hell. Alone.”
He stooped down and seated himself next to me under the tree, his feet drawn up with his arms resting casually on his knees. “I’ve tried. I’ve failed.”
“Try harder,” I encouraged. The sudden nearness of him triggered that unexplainable curling in my stomach.
Leaning over, he whispered against my ear, “I don’t want to.”
Sweet Lord…his breath…against my skin…
My brow lifted in a curve. “I can find another spot, you know.”
Nelly shrugged. “I’ll just follow you.”
“And I’ll call the cops.”
He laughed. “They’re easy to charm.”
My mouth twisted in disgust. “You think you’re all that and a bag o’ chips, don’t you? Swaggering around here like Solomon in all his glory, thinking that you’re better than others.”
He suddenly looked affronted and I immediately wished to recant my aspersion, because it wasn’t the truth. Nelly was anything but hubris, even though he had every right to be. People who possessed all things desired almost never possess the great treasure of humility. But Nelly, surprisingly, did. This, to my view, proclaimed that he was raised by wisdom-bearing parents or guardians, with ethical principles, virtuousness and integrity.
“Is that what people think?” he despairingly asked. “That I think I’m better than them?” He brought his knees to his chest and began trailing his index finger around in the sand, drawing concentric circles.
Oh no. What have I done?
“No,” I tried to placate. “No one thinks that. I’m sorry I said that.”
“If it didn’t appear so, then you wouldn’t have said it,” he replied, now drawing a hypnotic coil. “You said it. That means you think it.”
“I’m sorry, Nelly. I didn’t mean it.” I placed my hand on his, stopping him from trailing that hypnotic coil in the sand. It was…disturbing. “I’m just having a bad day, okay? Disregard what I said.” I just hate that I have feelings for you. I was hoping I could turn these unwanted feelings into hate. I’m truly sorry.
Accepting my apology, he made a slight nod. Then asked, “Why were you crying?”
Quickly removing my hand from his, I resumed sketching. “No reason.”
“You can tell me. I’m good with secrets,” he coaxed. Well, that’s perceivable, seeing that no one knows jack shit about you.
“No. Leave me alone now.”
“Please, Sadie.”
Oh heavens he’s relentless! “Dad’s beating my mom to a pulp, I tried to stop him and he knocked me and sent me away,” I said in a rush. “There now. You’ve heard why. Goodbye.”
“He hit you?” Nelly exclaimed. “Holy hell, are you okay? You’re not hurting?” He turned to me and began making a fuss. His hands were feverish on my face, my shoulders, and my arms, checking for bruises. But all I could think about was how searing his touches were. My palm that I’d placed on his hand moments ago still stung with an inexplicable electric current.
Swatting his hands away, I assured him, “No, I’m not hurt. I’m fine. Now leave me alone. Please.”
“Does he hit you often? I want to help,” he said solicitously. “Let me.”
“Nelly, piss off! Take your nose outta my life now,” I half-shouted in exasperation.
“I won’t ‘piss off’ and I won’t ‘leave you alone’. But I also won’t harry you anymore, for I’ve perceived your mood’s in the bitters.”
Shifting sidewards, he removed a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. “I will sit here and keep your company, though. Because you don’t deserve to be alone.” He gave life to a cigarette and then puffed it as he said, “Don’t worry, I’ll keep quiet. I’m only a blivit when I want to be.”
Contempt twisted my face. “That’s disgusting. Out it.” So much for ethical principles.
Nelly shook his head. “It’ll keep me quiet. It’s either this, or talking your ears off trying to persuade you to be my girl.”
“There’s no such chance, because I loathe anyone who smokes. Out it.”
He winked as he took another draw and blew it in my direction. “Make me an exception.”
“Out it,” I insisted.
“No.”
Narrowing my eyes at him, I set down my sketch pad then launched at his hand, snatched it from his fingers and tossed it away. Then sparing not a second, I grabbed the box and twisted it, crushing them all.
Gazing at me through wide blue eyes, rimmed with long, dark lashes, he said, “You’re a bossy little thing, aren’t you?” Then gripped me by the waist and pulled me onto his lap. “Be mine,” he solicited.
Oh my…
“No. Let me go.” I tried and failed at extricating myself from his firm grasp.
“Why not?”
“Apart from you being unacceptably ugly with crossed eyes, a humongous black wart on your nose and hairs growing from your ears?”
He laughed out. “Yeah, apart from that.”
“Well, for one, you’re too old.”
“I’m twenty-one,” he stated simply, unperturbed.
“And I’m seventeen. I’m too young for you.”
“No, you’re not. You’re just perfect for me, Sadie.” He flexed his fingers on my hips and I started to protest again but he talked over me. “Age is but a number. Stop seeking impediments. We’ll have a platonic relationship until you’re ready. Patience is my best friend. I just…I just want you to be mine.”
“I’m nobody’s,” I whispered, even though the words, “Yes, I want to be yours” danced on my tongue. He was laboring at selling himself to me. And it made me feel special for once in my miserable life.
“Mine,” he insisted.
Oh God, I’m losing hold. “You have all those girls out there primped for you, and more than willing to give it up. They’re old enough. Go chivvy them and leave me alone.” I tried to wring free of his grasp again but he was much too strong.
“Banal. Not interested. A more mature and entertaining conversation is what I have with you than I do with any of them. Even when you’re shooing me,” he chuckled. “All they talk about is me taking them to bed. Hoping to ensnare me with some future pregnancy even if I’d donned ten condoms. I won’t be the one. Oh no, Sadie. I’ll only play into your hands. Let me.”
Pointing my finger at his nose, I said smoothly, “That’s not a very nice thing for you to say about the women of my neighborhood. I’ll tell them what you said.”
“It’s the truth.” He shrugged, unfazed. “Take me. Play me. Do whatever you want with me, Sadie. As long as you give yourself only to me, I’m yours.”
“And what about Tanya, Mrs. Forrest’s daughter? The rumors, are they true?”
Nelly rolled his eyes. “Falsity. We’re not together. I’m here with you. I want you.”
With my face inches away from his, I whispered, “The cover is alluring. The beginning may be enthralling. But there’s no culmination and no happy ending. So I sagely advise you to stop chaptering. I’m badly written.”
His nose met mine. “Give me the rights, and I’ll edit and rewrite. Polish you to perfection. But you won’t make best sellers, for you’ll never be published. You will be on my shelf only.”
Oh, don’t make me melt…
I allowed my finger to slide down his perfect straight nose, his lips, his chin to his neck, before grasping the ends of his pigtailed braids and twisting them in opposite directions around his throat. “If you don’t release your hold on me, I’ll choke you to death,” I threatened.
Nelly’s eyes widened momentarily at the sudden attack, then he smiled. “Oh god, I want you so bad.”
When I tightened the braids around his throat, he gasped. “This is the perfect way to die. By your hands, the only girl I yearn for.” He stubbornly refused to loosen his hold on me, instead he gripped me tighter.
“You don’t think I’ll do it?” I tested.
“I trust you,” he breathed.
“That’s not a clever thing to do, Nelly.” Leaning forward, I pressed a soft kiss on the tip of his nose and released the braids.
Grinning helplessly at me, he said, “I need to be more vigilant around you. You’re far too agile.”
Nelly shifted my legs so that I was straddling him, and I inhaled his woodsy scent. He was so…male. “So, you little cognac-eyed imp, will you be mine?”
No reply came from me. I just stared at him, at his beautiful face, his sinful blue eyes, his too-pink sculptured lips.
Yes, I wanted to be his. I liked him that much. The first person I’ve ever liked. Ever wanted.
The answer to his question must have been present in mine eyes, because he grasped my face between his palms and brought his lips to mine…

I jolted upright from my sleep. It was morning. The sun was bright in the sky, lighting up the room with its penetrative glares. My eyes darted around the room assessing who and where.
As my mind adjusted, I remembered that I was at Natalio’s loft and in his immense bed. A yawn tore my mouth open, and I spotted Natalio out on the balcony in deep conversation on his phone. He looked up and saw me, smiled, then frowned. Replying with a shy smile, I rested my palm on my forehead at the emergent headache and flopped back onto the bed. Flashes of what I’d just dreamt blinked before my eyes, they were there, and then they were gone.
I tried for shit to remember what my dream was about, but all I could come up with were obscured snaps of my mom, my dad and the community I’d grown up in.
My headache grew more severe and my heart triggered into ponderous beats. And soon my eyes closed and I was asleep again.



Chapter Eleven


My eyes flickered open, and I found myself gazing into warm blue irises. Natalio was sitting in a relaxed pose at the edge of the bed, in black T-shirt and slacks, watching me.
“I thought you’d never wake up,” he said quietly.
I rubbed my eyes and stretched. “What time is it?”
“Nigh noon,” he answered. “If I hadn’t seen you when you were briefly awake at seven this morning, I would’ve thought you were comatose. You’ve slept for fourteen hours.”
“I don’t know why, but when I woke this morning, I’d felt so darn tired as if I’d never slept at all. That dream felt so real…” I trailed off.
“What was your dream about?” He frowned. “You did have a troubled expression when you woke.”
“That’s the thing, I can’t remember it for shit. But my mind won’t let it go.”
He took my hand in his, then directed his gaze towards the balcony, but didn’t seem to be looking at anything in particular. “Who’s Nelly?”
“What?”
“You kept murmuring the name ‘Nelly’ while you slept. Someone I don’t know about?” His gaze remained towards the balcony, his expression distraught.
“Someone I don’t know about. I was frickin’ dreaming, Natalio. And I told you, I don’t remember what about.”
Silence ensued as he circled his thumb in my lifeline. Abruptly, I sat up for I felt as if I’d been hit in the head with a brick. An acute headache pounced on me.
“Are you okay?” Natalio’s voice was etched with worry.
“Headache.”
“You need food,” he affirmed. “I had made you breakfast, but you just slept on.”
“I’m not hungry. I’ve been getting these headaches quite frequently since I’ve met you.”
“A cup of coffee?” he suggested, ignoring the latter part of my statement.
Only because I knew he’d be insistent, I countered, “Hot chocolate.”
He kissed my knuckles, and I noticed a platinum band with a solid gold line around the middle on his index finger. With a tilt of my head, I stared at it in scrutiny. It looked oddly familiar. Natalio took note of my sudden interest in his ring, but said nothing. Merely looked at me intently.
Maybe I’d seen it in a jewelry store or magazine or something, I shrugged.
Natalio sighed loudly as he rose to his feet, more like a sigh of frustration. “I’ll get your hot chocolate.”
I nodded in acknowledgment and leaned back on the headboard. What’s up with these pounding headaches every damn minute?
Natalio soon returned with a tray bearing blueberry muffins, a small bowl of fruits and a big black mug of hot chocolate. He made a beeline for the balcony, setting the tray down on a round cornice table that provided seating for four with rotund, black and white-designed chairs that oozed comfort. Their cozy appearance gave me the desire to curl myself up into one of them and sleep, crawling right back into my dreams.
Once he was back by the bedside, he held out his hand to me. “Up.”
Flinging the covers back, I climbed out of bed and took his hand. For several heartbeats, he just gazed at me passionately, though something poignant glinted in the depth of his eyes. He brushed his thumb across my lower lip and my breath hitched. My headache virtually forgotten.
Led by Natalio to the balcony, I was told to sit.
“I told you I wasn’t hungry,” I said, gesturing to the tray.
“You need aspirins for your headache. And I won’t permit you any pills on an empty stomach. So eat something.”
“You’re so commanding sometimes,” I complained. At times, he was controlling and other times, though rare, he was sycophantic. His personality was incomprehensible.
Natalio snorted. “I’m a wimp when it comes to you, Sadie. But I’ve learned to hold my grounds around you. You’re so swift and mischievous—” He stopped abruptly and a fleeting expression crossed his face. Unconsciously, he began twisting the ring around his finger. Something’s troubling him and I couldn’t tell what it was. And what was it about that ring?
“Eat,” he ordered softly, as he opened his laptop and began typing.
With a nod, I obeyed and opted for a blueberry muffin. After swallowing the first bite, I realized that I was indeed hungry. In record time, I’d eaten both muffins and all the fruits in the bowl, leaving behind the pineapple slices. I hated pineapples.
Natalio flashed me a wry grin. “I sure wouldn’t like see when you are hungry.”
He received an apologetic smile from me.
He stood up and disappeared into the room, returning shortly with a glass of water and two aspirins. “Now, you can take these.”
And that I did. It was amazing how smoothly things could go when you relax and allow the man to take charge.
Stuffed to the capacity, I leaned back in the most comfortable chair I’ve ever been in; looking out at the picturesque view granted from a balcony twenty-seven storeys high. It felt normal and right being around him, as if he’d always been a part of my life. His presence brought me comfort, and, for some reason, made me smile—about nothing in particular. Natalio closed down his laptop, came to stand behind me and began massaging my temples.
Boy, does he know how to make a woman relax. His long fingers massaged my forehead briefly, and then back to my temples. This was so relaxing and sleep-inducing, that I wondered idly if he’d been to a massage school or something. The way he did most things was so calculated and measured, composed, and carefully thought out. Such grants the understanding that whenever his anger surfaces, it was mainly because things were out of his control.
“Spend the day with me,” he suggested. “The night, too.”
“I planned on visiting my mother today,” I replied in all serenity. Though I wasn’t sure I’d want to leave these pampering arms.
“I thought you only visited her on Thursdays?”
My eyes flew open. “How do you know—” I stopped myself, knowing darn well that it would be a silly question, seeing that he’d already made me aware that he knew everything about me. Neither was I in the mood to rehash such conversation or trigger his perplexing side. “I spent all day Thursday out on the sea with a host of pompous moneybags, and on Friday and Saturday my mood was morose. So I never went to see her. I stayed at home all day and sewed.”
“And ignored my calls,” he added.
“Yes, that too,” I confirmed on a laugh. Which reminds me… “What’s the meaning of that poem you sent?”
“Whatever you want it to mean.”
“It meant nothing to me. Just befuddled me.”
His hands stilled for a beat. “Then it means nothing.” He sounded wounded.
“Natalio, I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just…” I paused, being sure to choose my words carefully. The man could be real sensitive at times. “Poetry is mind-screwing. It’s not straightforward and it never means what you think it means. Always something far beyond; more profound. Prompting one to read it over and over, dissevering and deciphering. It’s too laborious a task, so I’ve never been a fan of poetry.”
Natalio remained silent.
I tried again. “It’s said that no one ever truly knows the real meaning of a poem but the poet. Would the poet, N.N., care to divulge the true meaning behind his work?”
I felt, rather than saw, his smile. “Some other time. Not now.”
“Okay,” I agreed. “Expect me to ask again.”
“Spend the day with me. Stay the night,” he pressed again.
“I start working tomorrow.”
“I’ll assure you get there on time. Also, your car is here for you.”
My car. The man’s ridiculous. “I haven’t finished thinking about the car yet.”
“You will take it, Sadie,” he pinned.
“No, Natalio. I will not.”
His hands fell away from my temples. “You’re so goddamned intractable!”
“Hey, I was enjoying that,” I whined.
“Sadie…” he warned, ire striating his tone. Raking a hand through his hair, he made a short shake of his head before flouncing off, leaving me alone on the balcony.
What’s his problem? Hell and damnation, the man was beyond all measure of volatility.
In search of him, I sallied back into the vast, modernly decorated bedroom, but he was absent. Best for me to keep distant until his anger subsides. Longing for a hot bath, I went into his sumptuously stylized black and white bathroom suite and ran myself a hot bath. I chose a lemon-scented body wash from his cabinet and squirted a little into the water, then later discarded his T-shirt—that I don’t remember him dressing me in—and sank in the bath.
It was hardly believable how blurry my memory of last night was. I couldn’t even recall how I had ended up in his bedroom. That’s how deep a sleep that man hand sent me in. The last place I remembered being was on his fluffy white pelt in the main room. A smile visited my face at the memory. No idea I had that I was playing with flames. Natalio had put me out for fourteen hours with just his fingers. I squirmed miserably at the thought of what else he could do to me.
The relationship we had was rather peculiar. It’s as if we’re both wary of the other, but neither wanted to stay away. He’d been explicit about what he wanted from me: To need him. To fall helplessly in love with him—though I wasn’t sure why he wanted that. At his ridiculous wants, I scoffed. It was all lust on my side. And even if I wanted to love him, I couldn’t. I didn’t know how to love or trust anymore.
But how genuine was he? Could I at all trust him? A small laugh escaped from me at the thought that I was questioning the issue of trust, when I was sitting bare-butted in the man’s bath.
He was handsome. He was sexy. He was caring and thoughtful. Perplexing. Angers easily. Has stalker-like mannerisms. Sometimes scary and a bit creepy. Determined. And wields ultimate control over my body.
An odd combination it was.
Drawing a breath, I went head under water, testing how long it would take me to panic and start gasping for air. I couldn’t remember the last time I panicked. Or really feared. Though Mr. Mysterious in Black sometimes gave me the chills.
Death, on the other hand, I liked to challenge. The insidious bastard was just always there, smiling slyly, telling me to come. Come. ‘I’m easier than Life’.
Death was easy. I could simple open my mouth now and allow water to flow in, and in minutes, I’d be gone. I could place a gun to my head and with one easy move of my finger, I’d be gone. It was that easy. Yet, it was such a laborious and painful task to bring about Life. Why was death so easy when life, which should be the best gift of all, was so difficult? It’s a hoary question, I know, but still it has never ceased being asked.
Abruptly, I found that my body was being hauled from my reveries and from the bath by two strong hands. Unable to speak because I’d held my breath for so long, I gasped.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Natalio shouted, his eyes glacial, though tinged with fright. I stared up at him, panting and wide-eyed at his exaggeration. “I left you for five freakin’ minutes and—” he tilted his head to one side, “were you trying to kill yourself, too?”
As much as I wanted to burst into laughter, I didn’t. He was already raged, and I wanted not to rile him further. “No.”
“Sadie, you were head under the water for God knows how damned long! I panicked. I—” he stopped, ran his long fingers through his glorious dark hair, then grabbed a towel and wrapped it around me. “Come.”
“I’m not done with my bath.”
Given my parents’ separate attempts at suicide, one successful and the other failed, I understood why he’d think I was attempting the same. But I didn’t hate my life that much.
“Yes, you are. Come. Now.” His eyes were an icy blue and I knew then that this side of Natalio was not to be messed with.
Hoping to defuse him, I peered up at him through my lashes. “I need to brush my teeth.”
His eyes never left mine as he opened a glass cabinet, removed a new toothbrush, ripped off its packaging, squirted toothpaste onto it and handed it to me. Wow. “Here. Brush now. I’m not leaving you alone.”
“I’m not a child,” I protested.
“I know. But you’re obviously disturbed. Now brush.”
Repressing the urge to howl in laughter, I raised an eyebrow at him. “More disturbed than you are?”
“Brush,” he commanded.
On a furtive eye roll, I obeyed. The man thought I was trying to kill myself. The hilarity and ludicrousness of his stupid assumption had me swallowing gulps of laughter. But then, I wondered if I would’ve come up for air had he not drawn me up, or if I would’ve capitulated to death…because it’s so much easier.
I thought about my life. There was nothing exciting about it. Nothing interesting or meaningful. I was kept together only by tenuous hopes that my mother would get better soon. That maybe then I could find some semblance of happiness with her. The only thing that did make me smile was designing. There’s nothing else. Was nothing else. Until Natalio…He made me smile, and feel, and want. Sometimes.
Turning off the tap at the sink, I glanced up in the mirror found Natalio watching me with intent, one hand pressed up against the wall. I noticed a small dark scar on his arm that I’d never noticed before, and I immediately identified it as a gunshot wound. I knew, because Cali D had two wounds like that on his leg. Natalio had been shot. How? Why? He wouldn’t tell me if I asked him anyway, so there was no pointing in asking. “There, I’m all clean.”
Wordlessly, he took my hand and led me to the bedroom. Before I knew what was happening, Natalio had discarded my towel, swung his arms around my waist and crushed me into him. He gave me a swift harsh kiss and then pushed me backwards onto the bed before landing on top of me, pressing me into the mattress.
“I’m all wet, Natalio,” I squealed.
“Shut. Up.”
My mouth immediately snapped shut at the acidity of his tone. What the hell?
He grasped my hands and placed them above my head, bounding them by the wrist with one hand. Bringing his free hand to grip my chin, he clamped his lips on mine. When I tried to reciprocate, he pulled his lips away. “Don’t,” he said through clenched teeth. “Don’t kiss me back. Don’t touch me. Don’t do anything.”
What?
I opened my mouth to speak but his mouth was on mine again, kissing me so hard, my lips hurt. It was perfect. I kissed him back, because I couldn’t understand how he expected me not to.
“You wanted it rough, Sadie. Then I can give it to you rough. If it’ll deter your suicide attempts.”—Ah, that’s what this was about—”Rough is what you want, isn’t it?”
This time, I couldn’t hold back my laughs. “Natalio, I wasn’t trying to kill myself. Stop overreacting!”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “That’s what they always say when they get caught.”
Unable to help it, I bubbled into laughter. “Okay, dude. Just stop. You worry about me too much.”
There was a small smile playing at the corners of his mouth. “You’re making jest of my concerns?”
“No,” I squeezed through a fit of giggles. “I just think you’re too extreme. I’m not a child. You don’t have to worry so much about me.” I arched a brow at him. “You think I would’ve ended my life when I don’t yet know what it feels like to have Natalio Nelson inside me? Not a chance in hell!”
Suddenly, he looked pained and despairing. “I can’t have sex with you rough, Sadie. Not with you. I can’t. I’m sorry about that treatment just now…whenever I’m at a loss I always…do shit like that.”
“But shit like that is what I want.”
“I won’t.”
“Make love to me, then,” I breathed.
“No. That’s not what you want,” he said. “You only want me to make love to you because you think it’s what I want. I’ve told you what I want, Sadie. I want you to want what I want. I want you to want me.”
Oh Christ, this man was giving me migraines.”I do want you, Natalio.”
“Not just for sex,” he snapped
“No, not just for sex.”
“How much, then?”
“More than you know.” I sighed. “You remember when we had pizza at that roof restaurant?”
“I remember every single thing we do together, Sadie. Every second of every minute I spend with you is monumentalized.”
This man…
“Okay. You remember asking me what was bothering me then?”
“Yes.”
“Well I was irate, disappointed and frustrated all at once because I thought you were gay.”
He afforded a short laugh. Finally. “You thought I was gay?”
I traced my fingers around his amazingly sculptured lips. “Yes. And I was pissed at myself. Pissed at you because I wanted you so much. I’ve wanted you since we first talked in the club. Fantasized about you. An odd current was just there between us. There’s something very familiar about you that makes me attached. I…I can’t explain it.”
Natalio gazed at me, unblinking, for several heartbeats. Then he smirked. “You fantasized about me?”
Shyness suddenly washed over me. “Yes.”
“What was I doing in your fantasies?” he drawled, flashing me a wicked grin.
“Oiling baby chickens…”
Natalio broke into a laugh. “What?”
“Just kidding,” I smiled back at him. “You were doing very naughty things to me, Nelson.”
“Like?”
Touching my lips with my forefinger, I whispered, “You kissed me very gently, here.”
Natalio brushed his moist lips against mine. “Like that?”
“Yes,” I breathed. “Then, you let me taste your tongue.”
He kissed me then. And I opened for him, granting his tongue permission for exploration. And we kissed. Kissed how my Natalio thinks I should be kissed. Ardent. Savoring. Revering. Our tongues entwined. Mine massaging his. His massaging mine. And it’s divine. So…sublime.
Natalio kissed my nose, my eyes, my cheeks, nibbled on my ear. While I twisted and squirmed with need for him inside me.
“Sadie,” he groaned. “My Sadie.” His mouth traveled down to my neck, licking and tasting and nipping. “You smell of pear and lemon.”
“Your body wash,” I breathed.
On the left side of my neck he paused.”Can I?” he asked. “Lovebite,” he added when I raised an eyebrow in questioning.
Lovebites were tacky and obsolete…But anything for you, Natalio. “Yes.”
His warm mouth sucked at the delicate area of my neck. It stung slightly, and I remembered being given a lovebite at the exact spot. He released my flesh and stared at the mark, then said, “My neck. My mark. You’re mine.” He kissed me there again. “Every time you see it, you’ll remember me.”
Natalio resumed his jaunt down my body, kissing and nipping and licking down to my breasts. Twirling his tongue around one taut nipple then sucked, while he cupped and kneaded the other. Beneath him, I was like a slithering snake, bucking my pelvis up to his, trying to find some friction against his pants.
“Be patient,” he scolded, before trailing his warm tongue to the unloved breast, pleasuring commensurately.
“Natalio…” I moaned.
He dropped hot, melting kisses down my body, while brushing his hands gently up and down my sides. Briefly, he stopped at my navel for a quick swirl of his tongue and I bowed into him as warm fluids pooled at my center. He traveled lower, trailing kisses from hip bone to hip bone. And I was a like a jiggling pressure cooker control, whistling steam I could no longer hold. Just like this, I could orgasm, from his gentleness and tongue worshiping of every inch of my body.
He was right. He knew what I needed. He knew that I wanted all of this…all this tenderness. Softness that I haven’t felt in so long. He knew me. How? God, I wanted to weep.
Natalio kissed and nipped leisurely until he was finally where I desired him the most, but then, he stopped. And I could only feel his hot breath passing over my thirsty folds. I moaned noisily and bucked up my hips, but he must have moved his head back because I touched nothing.
“Oh, please, kiss me,” I begged.
Pitying my torment, he kissed my folds once.
“Again.”
He kissed me once more.
“Again and again and again,” I mewled in frustration. “Kiss me, lick me, suck me. Don’t stop even if I beg you to.”
“Granted,” he said, amusement evident in his voice.
Natalio ducked his head and showed no mercy, his tongue slaughtering my bud, sliding through and over my folds. I cried out in pleasure, begging him to stop, trying to get away but he held my trembling legs in place. It felt so good… “Natalio…”
Afloat I went as my legs went rigid, then my body vibrated. “Ohgodohgodohgodohgodohgod,” I cried as I neared my orgasm, about to detonate under the penalty of Natalio’s tongue. Then I did. I busted into pieces, fisting my hands in his hair as I did, bucking into his mouth as my come released, while Natalio’s mouth kept hold over my swollen bud.
Then, I went stiff and motionless, because I’d reached the peak.
With a long sigh, I fall back down. Every jigsaw piece of me fitting back to its rightful place. When I opened my eyes, Natalio was above me, smiling. “Hi.”
“Hi,” I whispered. “Why are you still dressed?”
“I was worried you’d fall asleep for fourteen hours again,” he teased.
“You give me orgasms like I’ve never had before,” I droned. “My body’s not habituated with such intensity. I guess that’s why…”
He kissed my lips. “Is that a good thing or a bad?”
Hungry for more, I tugged at his T-shirt. “Let me undress you and see what else your body can do to me, then I’ll get back to you on that.”
I yanked his shirt over his head, before he planted his lips on mine, kissing me hungrily. With a pop of his pants button, I unzipped it and shoved my hand down his pants, curling my fingers around his veined erection.
“Very impressive, Nelson.”
He groaned in response, flexing his hips forward.
My hand up moved and down his length, but his jeans restricted complete movements. “Take it off.”
Rising from above me and to his feet, he doffed his pants and boxers, reached over to the nightstand—giving me clear view of his amazing ass—retrieved a condom and handed it to me. “Do your thing,” he whispered as he came back above me.
I suddenly felt self-conscious, being nude and sprawled on his bed, with his lean and sculptured body looming over me. He was there for me. Live and erected. And I was to receive what I’d yearned since I first met him. “How do you know that I know how?”
“Because I know,” he said without a doubt.
He was right. I do know how. I was taught…
With agility and dexterity, I tore the packet, pinched, and rolled.
Natalio smiled at me. “Good girl.”
Sliding my fingers through my wet folds, I collected moisture and began stroking him. My moisture on his hard, rigid, distention allowed me to slide my hand up and down with easy grace. Natalio closed his eyes and breathed a long, throaty sigh that resonated in his shaft.
Situating his crest at my entrance, I sweltered, “My body yearns for you, Natalio. Take me, now.”
His eyes slowly opened and stared with much intensity into mine. A dark, hooded blue his eyes were, flaming with ardor.
Then with his gaze never leaving mine, he sank into me. All the way in, allowing me to feel his preponderate length. He bucked deep into me and in return I sucked air through my teeth at the intense pleasure of his penetration.
Oh god. This man…
Then he moved. Slowly. In and out.
He kept his pace, lifting my hips and circling into me. Shifting his hips around. In and out and around. My back was arched up because he’d gripped me by the waist as he knelt upright and fixed me steadily onto him, so that only my head and shoulders rested on the bed. That way, I was feeling everything, all of him sunk inside me as he circled his hips. He wasted none of himself, giving me every inch of him. The penetration was sweet pain and I wanted it to go on forever. “Ah…I…I love…the feel of you inside me.”
Since when did I babble this much during sex? Stop talking, Sadie!
“Natalio…please…don’t stop…”
Stop. Talking. Now.
Natalio made a flex of his hips that touched some secret spot which was like a rift to my soul. “M’god, Na…Natalio…”
How could he have such power over my body? He made me feel like saying all manner of things. Crazy things. Sweet things. Quote a poem. Sing a song. Anything. God, I felt so at peace. I wish this could go on forever.
Too soon, I felt myself quickening.
Natalio released his grip on my waist and brought my toes to his mouth as he slid in and out in torturous strokes. His warm mouth covered my toes. His pleasure-filled eyes locked on mine.
“Sweet sins,” he growled as he released my foot fell down unto me. Cupping my face in his hands, he kissed me greedily as he picked up momentum. Driving into me, long, hard strokes. And I couldn’t moan or scream because his tongue was buried in my mouth.
I wrapped my legs around him as that known tingle darted through my body. And my mind began to swirl. Natalio was slamming deathly into me while my mouth was captured, it was so good. Unexpectedly, I exploded, my fingers gripping onto his biceps as I vibrated around him, my inner walls clenching at his shaft inside me.
“Christ, Sadie!” he hissed. “You feel…oh shit…” He slammed fiercely into me once, twice and on the third he came, pulsing, with a string of incoherent words, my name tangled in the mix.
Natalio collapsed unto me and hugged me tightly, repeating my name, “Sadie…Sadie…Sadie.”
But I was clinging tightly to him, too, with my eyes screwed shut, trying hard not to think about the eerie fact that he’d kissed me, touched me, made love to me, then called my name exactly like someone I once knew.



Chapter Twelve


“Jeez, Nelly, your hair’s just too damn long. My fingers hurt,” I complained as I worked on the last cornrow.
Plaiting Nelly’s hair was always a laborious task because his was hair too soft and silky to grasp from his scalp, and then there was the length, around fourteen inches of hair. I wasn’t sure why he liked his hair plaited, anyway. Maybe it made him appear tougher and loutish? Or maybe he just liked me messing around in his hair.
“You don’t like my hair long? You wanna cut it?” Nelly asked, always ready to please me even when my carps were trivial. He made me feel as if he lived and breathed only for me.
“But then you’d lose all your strength and beauty, my dear Samson,” I teased. “I’m no Delilah, I could never do that to you.”
“So you like it then?”
“Of course I do. It just takes a hell of a long time to plait,” I said. “It’s my fingers that are protesting.”
Nelly was sitting cross-legged on a thick red blanket while I knelt behind him grooming his hair. We were at our favorite spot—under the giant oak tree—in the park where we spent most of our time together. Happiness has been a close friend of mine since I’ve met Nelly. He was what I never knew I needed. Someone who made me smile, someone who gave me hope. He was attentive, caring, considerate and passionate. Over and over he’d assured me of his burning love for me, but I hadn’t the courage to return the words. Why? Because it was hard enough to believe any of this was real, to believe it’ll last. For one, I only saw him on the weekends. It was onerous agony waiting for weekends to arrive so I could touch, taste and feel him. Though, we chattered and texted profusely during the week, for he’d bought me a smartphone and a laptop.
Nelly was the center of my world, all I thought about, all I dreamed about. But, somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew that one day I’d wake up and it would all be over. As if it never happened. It was too good to last. And I don’t believe in happy endings. No such thing exists.
“There now. All done,” I said, when I’d finished the last cornrow. My fingers were numb.
“Good,” Nelly sighed. He twisted and pulled me down to the blanket with him. “Because my hands have been itching to touch you. My lips have been quivering to kiss you. And my eyes were almost twisting in my head from having to not look at you for the last forty-five minutes.”
An impassioned kiss he engaged us in.
My Nelly. The only lips I knew. The only touch I knew.
“‘Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate. Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, and summer’s lease hath all too short a date’,” he quoted Shakespeare whisperingly against my lips. Literature had been favored by me since I’d met him, only because of his love for poetry. “But thy eternal summer shall not fade, nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st’.” He pulled away and stared at me. “I love you, beautiful cognac-eyed girl.”
My mind sidetracked, I replied with a small smile.
“What’s wrong?” His face crinkled with concern.
“Nothing.”
“Sadie, we’ve been dating for seven months. I know when something’s bothering you. Tell me,” he pressed.
I broke his gaze. “It’s nothing, Nelly.”
“Baby, tell me.”
My eyes focused on his chest and I picked at invisible lint on his T-shirt. “If you love me so much, then why are you so withholding?”
As if not sure what to say, he just gazed at me. Opened his mouth, and then closed it.
“I mean, I know you personally. What you like, dislike. What makes you smile and all that,” I continued. “But I don’t really know much about you. Where you’re from. Your true name. About your family. You know everything about me. And it’s not the same with me.”
Nelly closed his eyes and slid down my body so that his head rested on my stomach, he held me tight. “I will tell you. You will know. I belong to you, Sadie. And you to me. But I can’t now,” he said solemnly. “I’m waiting for your eighteenth birthday to arrive so I can whisk you away from here and marry you.”
Marry me?
“So you don’t trust me enough to tell me about yourself?” My voice was lower than a whisper. Because I was suffering profound hurt.
He gripped me tighter. “Of course I trust you. Sadie, don’t think this is about you. It’s not, okay? It’s the consequences I’ll face if people know who I am. My father…” he trailed off, then hugged me tighter. “I may never be able to see you again. And I couldn’t bear that, it would kill me.”
I nodded, not that he noticed, for his eyes were screwed shut as he clung to me like a life-saver.
“You have to believe that I love you. Always,” he breathed.
“I believe you,” I assured him.
“Then why haven’t you told me you love me? Do you not feel the same?” He lifted his head and rested his chin on my navel. His yearning blue eyes stared hopefully at me, while I fiddled with the ends of his braids.
I averted my gaze to a far distance where a young boy played ‘go fetch’ with his shaggy brown dog. Behind them were two baby girls wallowing about in a sandbox.”Your true name, at least? I don’t deserve to know even that?” I asked, evading his question.
Forlorn, he whispered, “What can I do to make you love me?”
“Tell me your name.”
He sighed heavily and laid his head down again, cheek to stomach. “My name’s Na—”
A basketball bounced on Nelly’s back, cutting him off. I jerked my head up to see a few of the Nine Life Clique members grinning down at us.
“We’re gonna play ball, Nelly. C’mon,” said Darren, a tall, tattooed honk with thick auburn hair.
Nelly gave them a perfunctory shake of his head.”Nah, guys, I’m chilling with my girl.”
The guys started laughing. Then Travis, a stocky, brown-haired, scrunched face guy, whose eyebrows were inherently set in a V, causing him to look as frightening as a demon—even when he was smiling, said, “Dude, you’ve been courting her for almost a year. That’s some ol’ school shit. Everyone knows Sadie’s not givin’ it up.”
“Shut the hell up, Trav,” Nelly warned as he eyed me, gauging my reaction to his boys who were explicitly antagonistic towards me. Always.
Travis fixed his obsidian dark eyes on me. “Isn’t it true, Sadie? You’re not gonna give it up, are you? We know you don’t love him. He’s just your pastime on weekends or when your daddy kicks you out the house so he can juice your mommy like a lemon.”
Rolling onto my side, I turned my back to them. Batting down my emergent tears.
No, it’s wasn’t true. I love Nelly. Of course I love him.
Nelly rose up on his knees. “Trav, chill the hell out. You’re upsetting her.”
Darren butted in. “Come on, Nelly. It’s true. You’re…you. You can get any girl you want. Is Sadie worth the wait?”
Nelly jumped to his feet, furious, his hands curled into steady fists. “One more word out of any of you, and I swear I’ll—”
“Okay. Okay,” Travis tried to placate. “No need to get violent. Apologies, Nel.”
The boys knew better than to piss Nelly off. An angry Nelly meant bloody noses, no more spoils, or ostracism.

“Come play ball with us,” Darren said.
“Not now,” an assuaged Nelly said as he sunk back to his knees. “I have to work at mending what you assholes just messed up.”
The clique muttered more apologies and wandered away.
Nelly touched my shoulder and I shrugged him off. “Don’t be mad at me, Sadie. You know they’re jerks. Why do you always let what they say affect you?”
Silence…
“Sadie, please.”
Continued silence…
“Want me to sing a verse of a Pink song? Choose anyone and I’ll sing it. You know I know all her songs—not like I had a choice, anyway.”
My face was turned away from him, and I was glad for that, because he couldn’t see my small smile. Singing—or rather crowing—a Pink song was his way of cheering me up. Because I loved her music so much, I could never resist joining in when did. Sighing, I turned and curled in his arms. He inhaled sharply when he saw that my face was wet with tears.
“Don’t cry, Sadie. You’re stronger than that,” he whispered, raking his fingers through my hair.
“I’m ready,” I choked out.
Nelly stilled. “No, you’re not,” he said firmly. “Stop letting those boys get to you. They’re just trying to scare you off because one or the other wants me to date a cousin or sister of theirs.”
“I’ve been trying to tell you that I’m ready for the last two months, Nelly. And you keep saying I’m not.”
He thumbed my tears away. “That’s because you aren’t.”
It always irks me the way he treats me like a naïve child. “Yes I am!” I half-shouted. “Stop babying me.”
Nelly closed his eyes and sighed as he opened them. “I want this moment for you to be special, Sadie. You deserve the best of everything. I want us to be married and on our honeymoon on an exotic island when I take your maidenhead. That’s what I envisage. Call me old school, but that’s what I want to give you…a fairy tale.”
I snorted. “When will that be? When I’m thirty?”
“No. The minute you turn eighteen.”
“I don’t want to wait,” I whined. “I want you, I want you, I want you. No waiting. Please, Nelly.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Nelly sat up straight and pulled up his feet casually. “Come, sit here.” He pointed between his thighs. “And wrap your legs around me.”
I did as I was told and he wrapped his arms around me, squeezing me hard, like he always does. The atmosphere became cooler as a result of the sun’s dimming. The leaves of the oak tree whispered placidly above us. And the distant noises of bouncing balls, barking dogs and playful children grew silent to our ears as we embraced each other.
“You always tell me that I hug you too hard,” Nelly began. “That’s because, no matter how close I hug you, it’s like I’m just not getting all of you. I have this feeling of wanting you so much as to make our bodies one. Make my soul kiss yours.” His voice dripped warmth, ardor, and unconditional love as he spoke. “I love you so much it scares the living shit outta me. No one should ever need another human being this much. I told my mother about you, and she said it’s hazardous to love anyone this much. She scolded me: ‘If one should love another more than they love God, then he’ll take that person away. Everyone and everything else should be secondary to him.’ And I don’t want to lose you. I try and I try not to love you this much. But I think I’m obsessed. Possessed. Hopeless. I can’t help it. I need you to smile. I need you to breathe.”
My god…
It’s unbelievable that he loves me this much. Why? What have I ever done for him? To him? I’m just a normal girl from a dysfunctional home.
Jesus, Nelly, I love you, too.
“Nelly, I-I-,” I stuttered. “You’ve left me nothing to say.”
“Say you love me, too, dammit,” he snapped.
No. I’m afraid.
I cupped his face in my hands and kissed him senseless, trying to express my love for him in my fervid kiss instead of saying the actual words. He needed to hear it, I know. But I couldn’t say it.
We parted, gasping for air, eyes locked, panting mismatched.
Nelly reached for his messenger bag from the blanket and ruffled inside to withdraw a black velvet case. He opened the case and in it sat two identical silver bands with a line of gold around the middle. “These are promise rings,” he began. “We’ll both have one. It’s a promise that I will marry you one day. That you’ll be the mother of my children, the love of my life. The one who’ll bring me eternal happiness, as I’ll do you. That we’ll lay next to each other in the grave…”
He removed one of the rings and showed me the engravings, ‘Nelly, My Beloved’, on the inside, then slid it on my index finger.
“Now put mine on and promise me,” he whispered, watching anxiously for my reaction.
He didn’t know that I loved him beyond sanity. That he was my beloved. So to alleviate his anxiety, I removed the other ring from the box, which had the engravings ‘Sadie, My Beloved’. “I promise.” And I slid the ring unto his finger.
He grinned and clamped his mouth on mine and we kissed greedily and feverishly, his hands in my hair, my hands moving restlessly beneath his shirt. Nelly fell on his back, taking me with him as we both laughed in mirth.
“I love you, Sadie. More than life. More than myself. More than you know. I love you.”

I was rocked awake by gentle hands. My eyes opened to the sight of Natalio gazing down at me, lying on his side, propped up on one elbow. I darted my eyes around the room before settling back on him, and I felt then that my face was wet with tears.
“I’m sorry to wake you, but I couldn’t stand the tears that kept leaking from your eyes. It’s not to my belief that you were having a nightmare, because you weren’t screaming or tossing, just quietly crying.” Natalio tried at smiling but a torn expression marred his features.
“It’s okay. Thanks for waking me,” I whispered.
“Was it a bad dream?”
Closing my eyes, I tried to remember what my dream was about. There were flashes of the neighborhood I grew up in, the large oak tree I used to sketch under, kids laughing and playing. And there was this figure, seeming like a young man, but his face was obscured as he clung to me. The snaps were quick, I had them, and then they were gone. Zilch. “No.”
“Will you tell me about it?”
“I-I can’t remember any of it, Natalio.”
Natalio sighed and fell onto his back, his gaze fixed on the plain white ceiling above. “It was about Nelly again,” he stated. “You were whispering his name over and over. Declaring your love for him.” He looked pained as though whatever I’d been saying in my sleep was too cumbersome for him to bear. “Nelly’s the one who hurt you. The one who made you cry. The one who made you a cynic of love and making love. I know. But there’s just one thing I can’t wrap my head around,” he sighed noisily, and it resembled a bewail. “How is it that you see this person each time you close your eyes, yet when you open them, you don’t? How can you dream the memories, but when you’re awake they’re unreachable?”
“Memories? You think my dreams are memories?”
He gave me a chary side eye glance as he unwittingly pulled on the strings of his sweatpants. “Maybe…”
The answers to his questions were unbeknownst to me. For I knew not how. And, if they were my memories—which I have a strong belief they are, due to the fact that my childhood neighborhood is always in my flashes—then they’ve only started presenting themselves in my dreams since I met him, kissed him, made love to him. Maybe this Nelly person was someone from my past who got lost in the damaged memories. No, it wasn’t anything I could explain. But Natalio was perceptive and there was no point in trying to falsify his perceptions. I liked him, a lot, and wouldn’t want for him to leave me. But I could see the pain that I was causing him already, for I slept next to him but dreamt of someone else.
“I don’t know,” I whispered. “I really don’t know how.”
Turning back on his side, he redirected his gaze to me, but said nothing. Natalio’s eyes were rarely readable, but now—maybe by his deliberate doing—I could read all that was in his eyes: his distrust, his poignancy, his disbelief, and, the most illuminated, his hope.
“Hug me back to sleep,” I begged him.
On a sigh, he opened his arms and I crawled into them and snuggled up to his chest. Being in his arms felt so right. There was an unexplainable peace in my heart when I was with Natalio, and I wanted very much to focus on what I had with him. Channel all my attention to him. Find some sort of happiness again.
Listened I did, as Natalio’s heartbeat slowed and his breathing evened out. Knowing he’d fallen asleep, I tilted my head for the pleasure of admiring his handsome face. I tentatively stroked my finger across his brows. He didn’t stir. Then gently down his face. He didn’t stir. It was the first time that I’d ever really looked at him like this. Normally, I’d be lusting all of him at once. He sighed in his sleep and his face fell in an instantaneous repose. He looked young, peaceful and vulnerable. Carefree, even. Nothing like the hostility-ridden, intrepid, Mysterious Man in Black. His lips parted as he seemed to have fallen into a deeper level of sleep.
In admiration, I stared at him, and stared, and stared until my eyelids grew heavy. When my lids finally shuttered down, an image of a fine-looking guy with bright blue eyes appeared in my vision. He was looming above me, naked, as I was beneath him. I knew him. He was…Nelly. The first man ever for me. He kissed me, told me that he loved me. And left…
Everything went blank.
I tried to open my eyes but I couldn’t, it felt like something was holding me down.
Nelly was back in my vision again. His head rested on a fresh white pillow, his long-lashed eyes closed as he slept. And peaceful he seemed, too. Long braids tumbled over his shoulders; he was beautiful. Then suddenly his eyes opened and he looked forlorn, his brows creasing and the blue of his eyes dimming to darkness as he gave a echoing whisper, “How long, Sadie?”
My lids flew open, my heart-palpitating, and my widened eyes took sight of a sleeping Natalio. I blinked a few times, trying to make sense of what I’d just dreamt or visioned or…whatever. I felt tired as if I’d been running a mile, and extra sleepy.
Nelly…
Now I remember who Nelly was to me. Jumbled pieces of my memories flitted in and out of my mind, never lingering for more than a second. Nelly on top of me…him kissing me…I’m crying…I’m alone…I’m being laughed at by a faceless group…there’s my father, red with rage and holding a baseball bat in his hand…
My heart-rate picked up speed. I’d never before had memories of my father close to the injury. Ever. Were these real? Or were they just fragments of my imaginations? That last image of my father sure as hell made me not care for those memories. Those memories were better off locked away.
Natalio’s warm breath touched my forehead and I brought my hand to his face and caressed it once more.
“Sadie…don’t go…I’m sorry.”
Startled, I froze my movements. It was a moment before I realized that Natalio still slept. His face contorted as he mumbled, “I…bear it…can’t…no more…n-no more.”
Seemingly he was having an unpleasant dream and I wondered if I should wake him. On the good, he was dreaming about me. And on the bad, I was causing him pain, even in his sleep.
I placed my hand on his chest to shake him awake, but then for some unknown reason, my hand stilled. A strange tingling bristled the hairs on my nape. Something wasn’t right. Natalio babbled in incoherence again and I tilted my head and looked at him. Really looked at him. And like the snap of a hypnotist’s fingers, I blinked him into recognition…Oh. My. God…
My heart slammed so hard into my chest, I was sure my ribs were fractured. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Nelly. Nelly. Natalio was Nelly! How? How? Impossible.
Unblinking, breath-choked, abyss-suctioned, comprehension-voided, I gazed at Natalio. For several moments I was frozen, as if I’d been breathed upon by the White Witch. Finally, I blinked, closed my eyes and counted to ten, then released a long, shuddering breath.
This couldn’t be real…
In search for solid proof, I reached for Natalio’s hand to find that damned ring that’d been bugging my mind all day. Flashes from my dreams came tumbling in as I studied the ring. We’re in a park…and…there’s two them…they’re promise rings. But if it wasn’t my imagination, where was the ring he gave me?
My god, was Natalio really Nelly?
Tears poured from my eyes as scattered and incoherent images slid in and out of my mind. It was making me dizzy, tired, really tired, and an instantaneous headache slammed me. This was how he knew me. All his parabolic statements were starting to make sense. His poem:

I stand before you,
But you see me through opacity.
You know who I am,
But you don’t see who I am…

In so many ways, he tried to tell me. Pinching myself, I began at that, thinking that maybe I was dreaming again. Wake up, Sadie! Wake up!
Unbidden, a conversation my mother had had with me after I came out of my coma played in my head. When I’d inquired why dad had hit me so brutally, she’d only looked at me with sad eyes and said: “That boy has caused you great pain, darling. I’d had faith in him, you know. I’d thought he really loved you. I believed he would’ve given you a good life. But I guess they’re all the same. You didn’t deserve to be left like that for your first time. Every girl’s first time should be special. Now look at this permanent damage that he’s caused…both mentally and physically…”
When I’d asked her what this boy’s name was, she didn’t tell me. Said it would be for my own good, should I ever heal.
I closed my eyes, and there it was…not in my vision this time, but in my heart. The pain that Nelly had caused me. How he’d used me. It wasn’t in my memory; it’d always been in my heart. My eyes burned as tears spilled profusely from them. Stay away, oh pain, oh sorrow, stay at bay…
That’s why he’d look so torn when he woke me. He knew I was dreaming about him, yet I didn’t see that he was him.
“How is it that you see this person each time you close your eyes, yet when you open them, you don’t?”
Everything he’s ever said or done was starting to make sense. So no, he wasn’t complicated or mysterious. I was ignorant. I suddenly felt nauseous and weak-limbed.
Trying to keep quiet, not wanting to wake him, I gingerly weaseled out of his arms. He sighed in his sleep and turned, gripping my pillow to him as he slept.
The bedside clock informed me it was 2:12am. We had a fun day. More sex than play, but still a fun day—after he’d capitulated to powering his bloody cell phone off. The man was a workaholic, and was effective at multi-tasking. But I’d wanted all his attention and demanded just that for the day. Still I couldn’t remember how we ended up in bed.
I padded to his dresser and took choice of a white T-shirt. Then grabbed a sweatpants that was far too big to fit, but I donned it anyways, folding it at the waist a few times. I snatched up my purse and cell phone, all the while stifling sobs and tears that would seize not a drop. I braked at the bedroom threshold as I made to leave, and my head swiveled to look at him one last time. Oh Nelly, what have I done to you that you’d come back to cause me more pain? Had I not been hurt enough?
The purse slipped from grasp as I sidled back to the bed and sat next to him. I let my knuckles taste his warm skin, and my lips touched his as he slept quietly, unknowing. His messy hair tossed across his forehead, his broad chest rising up and down with each breath.
Opening the nightstand drawer, I searched for a pen and paper and scribbled Solomon’s song:

One night as I lay in my bed, I yearned for my lover.
I yearned for him, but he did not come.
So I said to myself, “I will get up and roam the city, searching in all its streets and squares.
I will search for the one I love.”
So I searched everywhere but did not find him.
The watchmen stopped me as they made their rounds and I asked,
“Have you seen the one I love?”
Promise me…Not to awaken Love until the time is right.

Thanks for giving me the chance to reciprocate.
How does it feel, Nelly?

Hot pearls of tears fell from my cheeks and unto the note, smothering his name. Under the dimmed light of his lamp, I placed the note squarely on his nightstand, then kissed his parted lips once more before leaving him.
It was a moment before I realized it was almost 2:30am. How was I going to get home? There was only one person I knew who’d be awake at this hour. I retrieved my cell phone and sought the number.
When he answered there was music blaring in the background.
“Tevin, I need a lift.”



Chapter Thirteen


“Shits in loads, Sadie! Are you okay?” Tevin asked as soon as I entered his car and he saw my face. My tears ran amok.
“I’m good, Tev,” I assured him.
Tevin craned his neck to glare up at the skyscraping building through his windshield. “I assume you were with some pompous, rich boy. What did he do t’ya? Tell me, so I can deliver his head to you on a pike!” he demanded, his rage burning.
“Tev, calm down. I’m good,” I tried to defuse him. “He didn’t do anything to me. I just…had an epiphany and snuck out. That’s all.”
He glared at me with distrust. “Y’ sure?”
“Yes,” I nodded. “Is Kels by your place?”
Tevin pulled away from the curb. With three thirds of the city being asleep, the roads were dark and stark. “Yeah. She’s been there all week.”
“And you’re out swindling?”
“Gotta make the greens, baby girl,” he replied through his Hispanic accent, revealing his signature lopsided grin. His basketball hat barely sat on the side of his head.
“I’m staying at your house tonight, then. But first, stop at my apartment so I can grab a few things. My new job’s in a few hours.”
“Why? What’s wrong with your apartment?”
“Nothing’s wrong with it.” Except that, as soon as Mr. Mysterious in Black awakes and notices my absence, he’s bound to come knocking.
“‘kay. You can take one of the rooms upstairs.”
“I’ll take whatever goddamn room I want, Tev. Sleep betwixt you and Kels if I bloody feel like it, too.”
Tevin groaned, “I know something’s wrong, Sadie. And I know you’re gonna go bawling ya big brown eyes out to Kels. And then when I get home, shagging will be off limits ‘cause her ass will be empathizing with you. It’s easier to just tell me and lemme gouge the eyes of that sonuvabitch, pluck his fingernails out and brew stew with his eyeballs for ya. However painful you want his death to me, just lemme know.”
Trust Tevin to make me laugh. Unladylike, I wiped my nose. “So that’s what you’re worried about, nimrod? Shagging?”
Tevin shrugged. “I love to be inside ma girl, Sadie. Wha’ can I say?”
“Well I’m sorry that I’ll be icing your balls this morning. You can always wank,” I teased.
Surprised I was to see Brenda awake when we entered my apartment. She sat cross-legged on the sofa in Betty Boop pajamas, with books and papers strewn about her. She looked up as we strolled in, her eyes were bloodshot, her face bleary.
“Hey, Brenda,” said Tevin.
She gave a perfunctory nod. Brenda despised the very air that Tevin breathed.
“This is what law school entails?” I asked.
“Only when a due paper is procrastinated, just so you could hang out and get drunk with friends,” Brenda replied through a yawn.
“Oh.” Not something Brenda would do. What has gotten into her lately?
Brenda eyed me from head to toe, and I was self-consciously reminded that I was dressed in Natalio’s over-sized apparels. She arched a lazy eyebrow. “Been with Nelson, have you?”
My feet strode off and my eyes rolled. That was none of her damned business. “I’m just here to grab a few items. So, please do, proceed with your paper.”
She bolted from the sofa and followed me to my room. “Has he said anything about me?”
Curious, I glanced at her. Brenda worried her fingernails, looking a tad perplexed. “No. Was he supposed to?”
“The gift he gave me…” she trailed off, frowning, marring her already weary face.
Stirring about the room as I gathered my accouterments, I asked, “What was it?”
“A, um, chunk of cheese.”
I swiveled around and stared at her, nonplussed. What the hell? Why would he gift her cheese? Natalio was such a weirdo.
After a beat, I shrugged and zipped my bag. “Welcome to the complex world of Natalio Nelson,” I whispered in her ear as I walked past her and headed down the hall.
When I entered the living area, I nudged Tevin who was busy scrutinizing a four-feet tall, golden Chinese Samurai that Brenda had brought back from New York.”Come on.”
Brenda requested, “Will you ask him what it means for me?”
“I don’t think so. I won’t be seeing him again.”
“Jeez. What’s wrong with you two?” she asked, hands on hips. “Little beyond twenty-four hours ago, you two were standing here knotting tonsils. And now this?”
I nodded and nudged a distracted Tevin again. If the damn thing wasn’t so huge, I’m sure Tevin would’ve pocketed it. Because, knowing Brenda, that Samurai was undoubtedly made of real gold. “Pretty much. That’s how shit is with me.”
She rolled her eyes. “Just ask him what the damn cheese means, will you.”
“Cheese?” Tevin butted in, quizzical.
“Yeah, some guy I was seeing gifted her cheese,” I enlightened him. “Come on, Tev. Let’s go. I need sleep.”
Tevin tried to suppress a laugh, failed at it, and then erupted into a cathartic bubble.
Both Brenda and I stared at him, bemused.
“Dude’s tryna tell ya that you’re a rat, Brenda,” Tevin informed her between chuckles.
“What?” we both asked.
Tevin’s shoulders jerked in a shrug, “You probably ratted him out on something.”
Brenda scowled and I knew she was thinking the same thing I was: her divulging Natalio’s identity to me.
Grabbing Tevin’s arm, I hauled him through the door before Brenda could say anything else. Unexpectedly, a short laugh hiccupped from my throat. And I thought to myself that that was a gesture only a young, oafish Natalio would make. Something Nelly would do.
“I’ll be back in about an hour. Please, Sadie, don’t leave her too despairing. My shagging is essential.”
I flipped my middle finger up at Tev, then clambered out the car and made my way into his grotesquely large modernistic house. Three storeys high with glassed balconies and all those oddly angled designs of the modern taste. Tevin was rich. But he was rich through dishonest scales. His money was bloody, really bloody, and carried the weight of wretched and weeping souls. It was the reason why I preferred to take whatever job I could to pay my own bills instead of taking money from him that he would so willingly give me, or even just dwell at his place instead.
Because of my experiences with Cali D, I tried to keep my distance from such corrupt wealth. For there’s always a shit storm tailing closely behind; and keeping my distance will prevent me from getting splattered with that shit. Such kind of living only leads us through one set of gates: the gates of death.
I plodded through the foyer and headed from the stairs. Waking Kelsy with my pathetic problems was never in my intentions. It merely entertained me to torment Tevin.
As I mounted the stairs I heard Kelsy’s call. “Tev, baby. Is that you?”
With a change of direction, I navigated to her room. “No, Kels, it’s me.”
Kelsy was sitting up in bed, her small frame swallowed up by the puffy, white comforter on the California King, television remote in hand as she switched channels. Her eyes circled when she saw me. “Sadie? What are you doing here? Where’s Tev?”
“He just left. Said he’ll be back in an hour.”
The light from the television blinked through the darkness of the air-conditioned room, and I wondered why Kelsy was still awake. “Why aren’t you asleep?”
She scrunched her face as if in agony. “Oh, I can’t. Not when Tevin’s out on the streets. I’m daunted that something bad will happen to him out there. He doesn’t know that I sit up at night and worry. Don’t tell him.”
“Maybe you should,” I told her, as I padded over to the bed. “He should be in bed with you.”
She made a childish moan. “How on earth do women marry cops and soldiers and firemen? Gosh, I’d worry myself to death!”
“Because they have the peace of knowing that their men are out there saving lives. Tev’s out there destroying lives, and goading that bitch Karma.”
Kelsy slid down onto her back, her eyes trained on the plaster of the ceiling. “Do you think he’ll ever give up his lifestyle?”
“That’s something you two need to talk about. Lay your cards on the table. Let him choose.”
Who am I to give advice? When my love life is…hell, I don’t even have one. My present had turned out to be my past. My past had come to my present. My present is my past and my past is—oh shit, now I’m going crazy.
We lay in silence for a few meditative minutes before Kelsy directed her gaze to me. “So what brought you here at this hour? Isn’t tomorrow your first day at GLFH?”
Before I could answer, Kelsy’s eyes widened as she said, “Oh no. Is this about Natalio?”
At the very mention of his name, my eyes misted and my lips trembled. My bones crumbled within. Tevin’s craziness had ceased my tears earlier, and brought laughs instead. But now I stared unblinking at a wide-eyed Kelsy until she was a blur. Then the sluice opened and hot tears gushed down my cheeks and onto my friend’s bosom as she took me in her arms.
“Shhh,” she soothed. “You don’t have to talk about it if makes you this upset, sis. You crying? That’s…rare.”
“He’s from my past, Kels. He’d hurt me. Things are a bit scattered, but I know it was cruelly done. He…left me.”
“So you can remember?” Kelsy asked in disbelief. “Like, all he did to you?”
“I can, but it’s all so incoherent I don’t even know if could go about telling it. It’s just flashes…but the pain is so palpable. It’s so there.” I placed my hand over my heart, “It’s here, Kels. This is where I feel it.”
Kelsy encapsulated me in her arms, and I’ve never been more grateful to be held. I was torn, confused, anguished. But the one emotion that I searched for—anger—remained elusive. Seeing Nelly for the first time since he’d left me made me want to whirl myself into a vortex of thermonuclear hostility, but I couldn’t. I searched earnestly for anger, but Anger sagaciously steered clear.
“So what do you think he wants?” Kelsy asked.”Why do you think he came back?”
My body shivered. “I don’t know. To dishevel my life again, maybe. He insisted that I fall ‘helplessly’ in love with him. Just as he’d pressed me to confess my love for him seven years ago.” I sniffed again. “But he’s already broken me. Why does he think he needs to do it twice? And what’s so weird was that he wanted me to remember. Why would he want me to remember him hurting me? He’s a twisted and heartless bastard, that’s what I think.”
Kelsy sighed. “Don’t hate me for saying this, but I think you two need to meet up, somewhere public, and talk about what happened that night. Answers will palliate the pain. You two are fully grown, mature adults. Sit and have him tell you why the hell he did whatever he did to you and why on earth he came back. You don’t have to date him anymore. You just need answers. Trust me, you’ll feel a whole lot better afterward.”
“No, I don’t want to. He’s back, seven years later, and refuses to tell me who he was. Why? He wanted me to find out on my own. What did he think I was gonna do, run into his arms because I’ve found my long lost love? He left me!” my voice cracked. “Let’s not talk about him anymore. I don’t w-want to”…sniffs…”t-talk about him”…sniffs…”anymore. No more. Please,” I slashed away my tears. “It’s late and I have work in three hours.”
Cleaving myself away from Kelsy’s arms, I hopped off the bed and headed for the door.
“I’ll come stay with you,” she offered, peeling the duvet away.
“I don’t think Tev will like that very much. He was deeply worried about me keeping you up.”
“Screw Tev!” she angered.
A small smile, I afforded that much. “No, Kels. I’m good. I love you. Goodnight.”
My feet felt heavy as I plodded upstairs and chose the first bedroom in sight. Tossing my bag on the carpeted floor, I climbed unceremoniously into the bed and cried myself into darkness…


“Sadie, I told you, we don’t have to do this. We should wait.”
I tugged at Nelly’s hand, pulling him towards his bedroom in his rented flat. His abode for the weekends, to which I held the keys. It was mine during the week to do with as I pleased, my second home. “I know. But I want to. I want you,” I cajoled.
Nelly inhaled a sharp breath and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, they were blazed with lust, his tenuous reservation had raveled out. He cupped my face and plunged his tongue into my mouth, taking what was his. His minty saliva mixed with mine as our tongues tangled in a tango. Still kissing me, he stepped across the bedroom threshold and kicked the door shut. The kiss got deeper as he took small steps forward, forcing me to take small steps backwards, until I felt the bed behind me. I fell, and he fell with me, our lips never parting.
Oh God, I love him so much.
He cleaved his lips away from mine and we both gasped for air. His breathing ragged, mine parallel. Once our lungs were oxygenated, he spoke, “On one condition.”
“What?” I rasped. “Anything.”
Nelly pierced my eyes with his burning blues, and I couldn’t look away. I felt like I was nailed to him. “I want to know that you love me.”
I grew silent. My movements, thoughts and breathing stilled.
“Why won’t you tell me? You’re driving me insane, Sadie. I need to know. I need to hear the words. I sound like a bitch, I know, but I need to hear it,” he pleaded. He frowned then, and a look of horror crossed his face. “You don’t love me, do you?”
My mouth went dry, and I could only stare at him. I couldn’t command my lips to speak.
“Dammit!” he exclaimed, pounding his fist on the mattress. “I’m such an idiot!”
He pushed away to leave but I gripped his biceps and wrapped my legs around his waist.
“No, Nelly, don’t go,” I begged.
“Why the hell shouldn’t I?” he snapped.
“Because I do love you.”
Nelly’s eyes softened. “You do?”
“Yes.”
“And that’s the ultimate truth? Not just because you want me to have sex with you?”
I nodded. “It’s the truth. I love you more than air. I was just afraid to tell you because I believe once I did, everything would end. I would wake up and it would all be a dream. You are so precious to me, and I don’t want to lose you. I don’t know what I’d do. I’d go insane if you ever left me.”
Nelly stared at me through indecipherable eyes, and I wished I knew what he was thinking. Then he spoke, “Tell me. Tell me you love me.”
This time, I didn’t hesitate. “I love you, Nelly. I really do.”
“Are my eyes still in place?”
“Yes,” I answered, puzzled.
“My nose still there?”
I nodded.
“My eyebrows, lips, ears?”
Another nod.
“So I am not disappearing, then?”
I giggled. “No.”
“Good. Will you promise to stop worrying? I am never going to leave you. You are my life, Sadie. God made you just for me. My life won’t mean shit without you in it.”
“I promise.” Clasping my hands around his neck, I pulled him down to kiss me.
Nelly pulled my blouse over my head and ran his teeth along my jaw. I tipped my head back exposing my neck to him, because I longed for him to kiss me there.
“I love your neck. Adore it,” he mumbled.
He spent an eon about my neck, worshiping, kissing, licking and tasting. Then he sucked at a spot on the left of my neck. When he released my flesh from his lips, he whispered, “My neck. My mark. You’re mine. Whenever you see this mark, you’ll remember me.”
Nelly, with deft fingers, unhooked my bra, then glorified each of my breasts with measured time.
“Ah…Nel…”
He meandered down my flushed, yearning, inhibited body. The cool air of the room whispered over my lambed flesh, but Nelly’s steamy kisses kept me warm.
He unzipped my denim skirt and made quick work of removing it. Then grasped my ankles and showered my shaking legs with kisses. From leg to leg, kiss for kiss, until his hot breath was between my thighs. I screwed my eyes shut, for I felt exposed and wanton. This was too intimate.
Nelly hooked his thumbs in the sides of my panties and paused. “Open your eyes, baby, look at me.”
Slowly, I did.
“I am most honored at being the first man to uncover you,” he said with a licentious smile. “And I want to be the last. Now watch me as I do it, and monumentalize my expression of pleasure.”
Inch by inch, in the most torturous manner, he pulled my lacy panties off. Then lifted his eyes to mine again and playfully said, “Tis a beautiful sight, my love.”
Bending his head, his ran his nose through my curls. “And your scent is intoxicating. An elixir for long life and happiness.”
Squirming, I covered my face with my hands and tried to close my legs, but he held them firmly apart. “Don’t,” he quieted. “Don’t be coy with me. Remember, you belong to me. And I to you.”
With that, he lowered his head and I moaned when his warm tongue touched my bud.
Oh, this feeling…
It’s so alien. Unprecedented.
“Oh, Nelly…it…it feels so…ah…I love you…”
I writhed and twisted as the exotic pleasure protracted. The feelings of such worldly delight made me want to holler and beg him to stop, but no, I didn’t want him to stop. He tongued my bud like a fan blade on high speed. It’s so…so…Oh. My. God.
Something was about to happen, I knew it. I felt it coming but I wasn’t sure what it was. Of their own volition, my legs stiffened, and I involuntarily gripped the sheets to prepare myself for what was about to happen. Nelly propelled on. He just wouldn’t seize his punitive wielding.
And then…And then…my whole body began to vibrate.
Shit. I didn’t know my body could do that!
“Nelly…” I cried. “I…I…”
Soon, all consciousness was gone as the darkness behind my lids turned to light. Bright light with colorful ubiquitous stars. Then, a scream rushed through my lungs, the loudest I’ve ever heard myself. And I went smashing into a million shards. My whole body jerking like a fits attack. “I…oh god, Nelly…baby, I love you!”
Soon, the stars began to vanish, one by one. And the bright light behind my lids dimmed into a small circle, smaller and smaller until it was gone. There was only darkness and I was once again aware of where I was and with whom.
The sound of music made me open my eyes. Nelly was standing stark naked at the end of the bed, a small packet glinting in his hand, while Beyoncé’s Dangerously In Love played softly from the surround system. “You vibrate like a freakin’ cell phone when you’re about to come. That’s…sexy as hell. Exotic.”
And it was freaking amazing! Damn, I want to do that again. And again. And again.
My lips curved into a lazy smile.
“You look enervated,” he whispered. “Are you okay?”
Nodding, I stretched out my hands for him to come back to me. He grinned, obviously relieved at my answer, and mouthed, “I love you,” before climbing back onto the bed and settling between my leaden legs.
Placing his hands on either side of my head, he bent and kissed me softly, tenderly, gently, passionately. My nipples hardened at the new fire that kindled.
“Here,” Nelly held the packet out to me.
I frowned at it. But he kissed my lips once more and whispered, “I’ll show you how. I love the feel of a woman’s soft hands sliding latex over my throbbing dick.”
My throat moved in a gulp. It was only then that my eyes were drawn to his shaft. Or, should I say, riot baton. It was huge. Holy Shit! Where the hell was that going to fit?
Nelly chortled at my wide-eyed expression. “You stretch. Don’t worry. I won’t hurt you.”
Assuaged I was not, for I found that very hard to believe.
“Now, I’ll teach you how to open and remove a condom. If you ruin it, no sex. Understand?”
I nodded.
“Hold it here in the center with your thumb and index finger,” he began, demonstrating to me as if I was in a hands-on sex education class. “Using your other hand, situate your thumb and index finger right here at the corner and tear. Don’t tear it off completely, just halfway. Then remove the latex.”
Nelly handed the packet to me and with shaky breath and deep concentration I did as I was told, making no errors.
A kiss was my award. “Good girl.”
“Now hold it at the tip and gently roll it unto me. Don’t let go of the tip until you’ve unrolled it completely.”
My eyes darted between his shaft and the condom dubiously.
“Do it, Sadie,” he pushed.
Taking a deep breath, I gingerly did as I was told, taking note of Nelly’s sharp intake of breath in the process.
I blinked up at him when I was finished and smiled a shy smile.
“Good girl.” He awarded me another kiss, a kiss that deepened and melded into a continuum of tongue-knotting passion. I squirmed and bowed beneath him as my folds soaked with new juices.
Nelly shifted his weight to one side, supporting himself on his elbow then ran his other hand leisurely down my heated body. His fingers trailed down into my damp curls, rubbing my bud and eliciting a moan from me, as I was eager to experience that exhilarative feeling again.
He slid a finger inside me, the intrusion stung a bit. Feeling awkward, because I have never had anything inside me before, I shifted on his finger.
“Keep still…” Nelly whispered against my lips, “…you’ll hurt yourself. I want this to be as painless as possible. When you get around the feeling of having my finger inside of you, bite my lip and I’ll insert another, okay? I’m preparing you.”
I answered with a nod, trying not to focus on the pounding tattoo of my heart.
Nelly slowly moved his finger around inside me and when I felt my body begin to quicken I bit his lip. Gingerly, he slid another finger inside.
I winced. But it wasn’t all painful; it just felt strange, as though his fingers didn’t belong there. But on some level, pleasurable. Nelly moved his fingers in and out and around. And I closed my eyes to savor the exquisite feel of his fingers inside me. Knowing that they were Nelly’s. My Nelly, touching me so intimately. I felt like crying—only because I was so happy.
All too soon his fingers were out, and he shifted above me, supporting his weight on his forearms. “Ready?”
I think so. “Yes.”
His crest settled at my entrance as he brought his lips to mine and whispered, “Don’t stop kissing me.”
In reply, I moaned. Then I felt him, the tip of his crest, crowning. Slow and controlled. His mouth held mine in a kiss as inch by inch he tipped into me, and I mewled in his mouth at the burning sensation, but he ate all my cries, taking my mind away from the strange and intense pain.
Soon, Nelly was fully inside me, and my toes curled at the intrusion, my eyes screwed shut as I emitted stifled moans into Nelly’s mouth. He ate them all. Kissing away the pain.
He stayed still above me, allowing my body to acclimatize his interloping shaft. When I’d gotten around to the feeling of him being inside me, I bit his tongue.
Comprehending, Nelly began to move. Determinedly controlled, slow, steady strokes. The stinging, burning, abrasive sensation began to subside, being supplanted by euphoric pleasure. My tensed muscles relaxed into squirming need as he slid in and out of me.
Instinctively, I thrust my hips up to meet his. Shit! That was painful.
“Don’t,” he scolded through a strained voice. “You’ll hurt yourself.”
Chastened, I obeyed, closed my eyes and allowed myself be taken over by the delectation of Nelly moving inside me. And then…it was about to happen again. My body grew more excited with each stroke. I cupped Nelly’s face and demanded more of his tongue.
My eyes slammed shut and I could no longer feel the bed beneath me, could no longer feel Nelly in my hands, could no longer tell where I was. Just afloat on puffy white clouds in nirvana as my whole body vibrated, reverberating with my emergent orgasm. The clouds fell away, and I detonated. Jerking and pulsing and crying out as I came. Ripples and waves of pleasure washing over me.
But all too soon, I’d fallen back into consciousness, becoming aware of Nelly’s incremented strokes and his muffled moans. As if losing all his control, he fell unto me when his elbows gave way and he grasped my face between his palms as he flexed in and out of me, his feral moans escaping down my throat. He kissed me as though he were trying to rip my tongue from my mouth, before tipping up my chin so he could feast on my neck. In one firm stroke, his body stilled above mine and I felt him sucking hard on my neck with a winding groan as his shaft pulsated inside me.
Soon his body relaxed, and he released my flesh from betwixt his teeth. It stung. Hurt, even. Nelly’s head fell into the curve of my neck, his breath ragged as he whispered, “Sadie… Sadie…I’m dangerously in love with you.”
But at that time my eyes were fighting a battle with sleep, and I lost.

My eyes fluttered open and I blinked into recognition of what and where. In Nelly’s bed I was, lying nude. But Nelly’s bed did not withhold him.
Nelly was absent.
Various parts of my body ached with mild pain. My neck—the love bites. Between my legs—my lost virginity. My lips—from endless kissing.
Around the dimly lit room my eyes darted. Where was Nelly?
I swung my weary limbs out of bed, and as I did I heard laughing and jeering outside the flat. Assumption was that the boys were under The Big Tree out in the yard smoking marijuana and spewing lewd jokes as usual. Maybe that’s where Nelly was.
I sought my cell phone and sent him a text.

Baby,
I’m awake.
I need more.
Please come back to bed.
Love you.

Noticing blood, evidence of my lost virginity, I made a trip to the bathroom, freshened up and padded back to bed.
For a passing half an hour, I lay in wait. No reply from Nelly.
Another thirty minutes crept by. Still no reply. Vigilant I laid, waiting to see my love return to his bed, to my arms, but he never did. The boys’ voices still chattered rowdily outside.
Deciding on dragging Nelly from their company and back into the flat myself, I quickly got dressed and went outside into the cold night air. I journeyed to the backyard where I was instantly hit by the pungent scent of marijuana; puffs of smoke emanated from where the guys lounged under The Big Tree. It was a bit dark, the only light being a weak shade from Nelly’s back porch, and the small fiery glows of their cigars and marijuana.
I scanned for Nelly as I walked towards them, but he wasn’t there. All members of the Nine Life Clique were present excluding, Darren, Larry and the head, Nelly. And I thought to myself that wherever Darren was, that’s where Nelly was. Darren was Nelly’s right-hand man.
Hesitantly, I asked, “Where’s Nelly?”
They all stared at me for a beat, before erupting into howls of laughter.
“Where’s Nelly? Where’s Nelly?” they jeeringly echoed.
I stared bewilderingly back at them.
Travis, the one who despised me the most, stood up from his chair and stepped forward. “I reckon he’s down by Mrs. Forrest’s ramming his cock into Tanya’s cunt.”
The boys howled into another fit of laughter. “Give it up, did you?” I heard one say.
Travis spoke again, “I goaded you yesterday so you’d finally give it up and stop holding out on m’boy.” Travis snorted in derision. “You didn’t actually think he’d stay with you, did you?” His eyes softened slightly and there was a hint of something less than hate in his eyes when he leaned over and whispered against my ear, “That’s what happens when you choose the wrong guy, sweet girl.”
Tears pricked at my eyes and I blinked them back and wrapped my hands around my, now internally heavy stomach.
Another guy spoke. “Nelly got wha’ he wanted. You’re of no more use to him. Time fo’ a new bitch.”
“He keeps returning to my cousin Tanya’s cunt. Seems to me he loves it there,” said another. “Run along home now lil girl. I bet that lil puss is on fire.”
To block out their vitriolic words, I placed my hands over my ears, turned on my heels and darted back into the flat. Snatching up my cell phone, I called Nelly’s number. It went straight to his voicemail. Refusing to believe what the guys had said, I dialed his number over and over again. But it was always the same result: Voicemail.
What choice had I, but to believe?
It was true. Everything Nelly has ever said to me was a lie. Lies, lies, lies. He. Did. Not. Love. Me.
My knees gave way and I fell to the ground, my hands wrapped tightly around myself as tears deluged from my eyes. In that position I remained, curled like a fetus on the ground, unable to stop my tears. The chattering voices outside quelled as the night progressed. And still, I cried on. Dawn broke. And still, I cried on. The sun rose. And still, I cried on.
Alas, I was soon drained, depleted, could cry not a drop more, for dry heaves had left my throat sore.
Reluctantly, I uncurled myself from the floor and plodded out of Nelly’s flat. In the sky, the sun shone bright; to my face its heat spoke as I walked dejectedly home. The neighborhood was quiet, as was customary on Sunday mornings. Soft gospel music leaked from a single house as I passed it. But no life, except mine, walked the streets. It was just me and my broken heart.
Dad’s cheeks were red with rage when I pushed my front door and entered the house.
“Start sleeping out now, Sadie?! Since you began seeing that cocky ass boy you’ve been acting like your grown…”
I dragged past my dad in his apoplectic state, caring not what he would do to me. I wished he would hit me. Put a bag over my head and suffocate me. Because I deserved to be beaten for being such an imbecile. A complete lummox.
My legs mounted the stairs and I locked myself in my room, curled up in my bed and pulled the covers over my head. All my worst fears had come to pass. I knew. I knew this would’ve happened. I knew that once I revealed my love for him, he would leave me.
How could he have been so cruelly convincing? He’d professed his love for me in over fifty different ways. And it was all so he could get me in bed? How could I have been so dense? I forced myself unto him. Begged him to have sex with me. Handed my virginity over to him most willingly.
I refuse to believe this.
Nelly? No.
Nelly was too sweet, too kind, too gentle. Slow, passionate, ardent. Attentive and cautious. Excellent on self-control. Only for this outgrowth? He promised me he’d never leave me. He promised me he’d never hurt me. He said I was his everything. I just couldn’t understand why he would do this.
Are all men like this? Is this what love feels like?
No, it’s what a heartbreak feels like, you idiot!

For days, I laid in bed. Ignoring the banging on my door and the threats of my father. Dad had somehow forced his way in on the third day and came yelling all that was deaf to my ears. I didn’t budge, hoping he would do me some damage. But still, he didn’t hit me, when I most needed him to. Oh, how I wished he would.
Food touched not my tongue. Water touched not my skin. School saw not my frame. All I did was cry and sleep. Cry and sleep. Eventually, I had to get up. As much as I wanted to, I wouldn’t drop out of school. Besides, mom wouldn’t allow it. She’d seen the love bites, calculated what happened, but she never forced me to talk about it. I’d told her everything anyways, because I figured, of all people, she would understand the cruelty of men.
It was the following week that I’d finally gotten it through my soggy brain that Nelly didn’t want me. All my tears and weakness were sucked from me and all I had left was strength. My weakness cylinder had drained down to ‘E’ and my strength cylinder, untouched, was on ‘F’. There was no choice but to utilize my strength fuel and start living again. So I’d showered and got dressed for school.
But it was on that day that my father chose to be his old self; he would empty my strength cylinder all by himself, leaving me with nothing. Nothing at all.
As I stood by my study desk in my bedroom packing my bag for school, my room door burst open, and in the doorway stood my father with a baseball bat in his hand. With his tall, muscled body, his hardened face and unlovable cognac-brown eyes, he was as frightening as he’d always been. “You want to be a woman, Sadie? Then I’m going treat you like one.”
There was nowhere to run to, so I closed my eyes as he charged towards me, and braced myself for the first blow…

One week after my battering, I was discharged from the hospital. I’d been comatose for forty-eight hours, and they’d kept me hospitalized for five days. I came out with fractured ribs, a broken arm, a twisted ankle, a battered face and retrograde amnesia. My being in a wheel chair had me befuddled, because there was no memory of how I ended up like that. It was when I got home that my mother told me the truth about what happened…
But there Dad was, my abuser, sitting placid in his old recliner, watching sports on television. “If he did this to me, shouldn’t he be in jail?” I’d asked my mother.
“Yes. But how would we survive if that happens, darling? He’s the breadwinner. How would we survive without him?” She’d said this smoothly, her overly long brown curls flowing down her shoulders as she dressed one of my facial scars with ointment. Her face being as beautiful as a blooming rose. She was calm and composed, and I wondered if she was being that way just for me. Just to make me calm and worry free.
“But…But what did you tell them? As in, about how I got like this?”
“That you were attacked on your way to school.” She never looked me in the eyes. Because she expected me to understand. She expected me to forgive daddy, because we couldn’t survive without his aid. And I wanted to yell at her and tell her that we wouldn’t be alive much longer with daddy. With daddy, we wouldn’t survive.

The next day as I sat on our porch in my wheelchair, sketching with my uninjured hand while mom chatted with Mrs. Forrest at the gate, Molly, my classmate who resided a few blocks away from us, skipped past the gossiping adults at my gate and up to my porch. Molly was tall with fiery red hair. She had volume in the right places, and slimness where it should be. She possessed a striking attractiveness and was lusted after by almost all breathing males, but Molly wasn’t a fan of guys. She shared her curves with the gals.
She was my only friend in the community, but I’d always shy away from her because of her eventual lusting that annoyed me no end. Now, however, I was glad for some company. Because I’d felt so alone with my missing memories, you see. And having Molly here to remind me about things that happened in recent times was life-giving.
Molly filled me in on all the important things, until she got to telling me about my ‘boyfriend’. A boyfriend that I had absolutely no memory of. Molly called this boyfriend of mine ‘The Rich One’, and told me of all the rumors that were surrounding him at present.
The Rich One, she said, visited the neighborhood no more, leaving behind all sorts of rumors. Mrs. Forrest’s daughter, Tanya, was found out to be pregnant, as was another and then another. Chatterers assumed that The Rich One was the one who’d knocked them all up, and that was the reason he no longer came around.
Darren—who hasn’t been seen either—had relocated his family in some upscale neighborhood in the west. It was nothing he could afford, so talebearers claimed it was The Rich One’s doing—for Darren was The Rich One’s closest friend of the clique. Travis was now clique leader, and he’d stop by my house asking to see me on multiple occasions when I’d been “locked away”—whatever that meant.
“It’s as if he’s vanished from the face of the planet,” Molly whispered, twirling a string of gum around her finger. “And The Nine Life Clique, they’re all being tight-lipped.”
Everyone, she said, wanted to know where the Mysterious Rich Boy from the west was. Everyone except me.
For it was then that I’d found it in my heart to forgive my father. My hate for his brutality had morphed into appreciation. Because, by the end of Molly’s tales, I was pretty sure that the lost memories of my ‘boyfriend’ weren’t sweet memories. And I prayed to God they never returned.

The high-pitched sound of my alarm wrenched me from my sleep. Sunlight streamed through the wide modern cut windows in the bedroom. It was morning. A new day, a new job, a new start.
Not entirely new, though, I thought, as I flipped back the covers from the bed. Because, of all the dreams I’d had since I met Natalio, this was the one that decided to remain remembered. There were no flashes, no flitting in and out. This one, the worst of the memories, decided to reside.
Wasn’t I a lucky wench?
Not.



Chapter Fourteen


Geo Lee was a joy to work with. He was bubbly, charismatic, jocular and gay—occupying both denotations of the double entendre. I’d left Tevin’s house a sapping mess that morning but was instantly invigorated once I’d stepped through the doors of GLFH. That, along with the aid of a large cup of must-have espresso coffee.
There we were, sitting around an immense oak table in an all-glass meeting room choosing fabrics and patterns for an upcoming fashion show. Geo Lee had gushed about a few of my designs and decided he’d run them in his show. Though the designs would bear his name, I was ecstatic that I could actually wow a fashion icon like Geo Lee.
Kiwan, an Asian beauty with jet black, bobbed hair and small squinted eyes, was nodding furiously at Geo Lee’s rapid words. She was an accessory designer—a hell of an accessory designer, incidentally. But she seemed overwhelmed by Geo Lee’s new requirements.
It appeared he’d canceled his previous ideas for the Fashion Show and was now taking a completely different turn on very slim time. And I assume that’s why we were around this table all day with racks, and fabrics and accessory materials strewn all about us.
My calculations were verified an hour later when Geo Lee finally collapsed in his high-back, white leather chair and beamed at me.
“You’re like my savior, Francé. I should damn well asphyxiate Natalio for keeping your talented ass away from me!” He sent his eyes to the heavens. “You remind me of myself when I just started out and my head was jam-packed with ideas. Up until last week, I thought I’d lost my touch. You see those bland work suites on display down there?” he said, pointing to the floor. On the first floor, were mannequins displaying dull, gray, black and beige work suites, for both men and women. The typical banal apparels.
“That’s what I’ve resorted to,” he sneered. “Me. Geo Lee. Producing such hideousness!”
Snickered I did.
“But then, I saw your vibrant, out-of-the-box sketches. And I was inspired. Like finally! Someone who understands me.”
“I am most honored to be working for you, Mr. Lee,” I replied in all humility.
“Oh, it’s my pleasure, Francé. How’s Natalio by the way?”
Crimson colored my cheeks. Darn. I was doing so well at keeping my thoughts of Natalio at yonder all day. My Blackberry, I’d been sure to leave it at the house so I wouldn’t be distracted by calls or texts, or be tempted to call or text. “Um, he’s fine. I think.”
Geo Lee regarded me with perception. “Found out he’s a vampire and dumped him? Can’t be his Bella?”
My cheeks flushed a deeper shade of crimson.
Crap. I should’ve worn a turtleneck top.
“Explains why he’s always in black,” Geo Lee teased. “But judging from the freshness of that lovebite, it can’t be more than twenty-four hours since he’s sucked your blood.”
My mouth opened and closed repeatedly, not knowing how to respond to Geo Lee’s bluntness.
Sensing my discomfort, he pursed his too-plump lips and sagely said nothing else about Natalio.
“Well, I guess that’s our day,” he muttered through an exhausted sigh. “Eleven hours spent around this table without respite. You girls should go get something to eat.”
I nodded, while Kiwan made something akin to a grunt.
For sure it was a busy day, but it didn’t feel like work to me. Every minute of it I enjoyed. It was usual for me to design, without recess, for hours. I’d been creating costumes on demand for dancers for the past three years. And dancers are impatient. If they have to wait any longer than two days, then those sales are lost.
“Any new sketches?” Geo called after me as I was about to leave.
“Tons,” I grinned.
He held out his hand.
Oh shit. They’re at my apartment.
Geo looked at me knowingly then cast his eyes upwards, “Francé, I’ll be nice because it’s your first day, and I’ve deprived you of lunch. But if you’ll be working with me, then you must always be prepared. Okay?”
Abased, I nodded and bid him farewell.

As I drove home in Tevin’s Chevrolet Trailblazer—the least flashy of his four vehicles—I fought a losing battle of keeping my thoughts Natalio-free. I’d grown so attached to him, only to discover that he’s the man who was once the center of my world. The man who’d introduced me to love and happiness. The man who’d broken my heart.
What was he doing right now? I wondered. Was he frantic or did he not care that I’d left? If he’d come back into my life with the intention of shredding what was left of my heart, then I highly doubt he’d care that I’d left. Because I’d willingly given myself over to him—again. Too good an actor he was. So cruelly convincing, and just as withholding as he was when he’d ‘played’ Nelly. Only now I knew fully who he was.
A sudden zealousness flooded me, and I grew desperate to check my cell phone, desperate to know if he’d called. Not that I’d call him back, but at least it would imply he cared to some extent. My foot pressured the gas pedal hastening the trip home. But my stomach complained at being ignored again, so I steered the vehicle into Burger King’s Drive Thru and grabbed a Chicken Club Sandwich with Swiss cheese, a strawberry milkshake, up-size on everything. Yes, I was famished.
Anxiety ridden, I burst through Tevin’s front door, muttered a breathy “Good evening” to Kelsy who was busy in the kitchen preparing something with a yummy pungent. Hopping from foot to foot, I wrenched off my heels and bolted upstairs in search for my cell phone.
I need to know.
I need to know that this time, at least, he tried to reach out to me.
Air of relief rushed through my nostrils when I saw that I had twenty-five missed calls, four text messages and one email from him.

You remember me…
How long?
*
Have you known all along and wanted vengeance?
If so, I deserve it.
But Sadie, PLEASE, don’t leave me.
*
I knew you’d run.
Just that I never planned on what I’d do if you did.
I held my hopes too high.
Talk to me, Sadie.
I’m going crazy.
*
Answer my calls.
I need to talk to you.
Call me.

Sinking my teeth down on my lip, I willed myself not to cry. I wasn’t supposed to feel anything for him. I was supposed to hate him. But instead, my body was yearning for him. Longing for him to hold me tight in his arms…
No.
No longer will I allow myself to be deceived into thinking that he wants me. Of course he doesn’t! He’s a fibbing bastard. A disaster, a destroyer, and demon sent by the devil to smash my life from shards to splinters, from splinters to powder.
My fingers trembled as I opened his email.

Sadie,
I know you’re staying by Tevin’s.
Your running away is a transparent message that you don’t want to see or talk to me.
I get it.
After a frantic visit to your apartment this morning, three circles of Tevin’s complex and five trips to GLFH—where my feet wouldn’t allow me to pass the front door—I’ve ceded to the rationality of staying far-off.
I do not want to overwhelm you.
But I also don’t want you to run from me. It was never in my intention to hurt you.
It still isn’t.
You hold my heart captive. The key to my happiness is in your possession.
We need to talk.
Don’t run.

Natalio Nelson

I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry. The mantra repeated in my head. On Natalio I would shed no more tears. I’d given him enough to crackle the walls of a dam. No more of my tears shall he gain.
No more.
I do not love him. I should not love him. I do not love him. I just wanted him to leave me alone. No more hurt, no more pain, I could take no more. With an instantaneous loss of appetite, I climbed into bed, closed my eyes and knew not when I fell asleep.

“Sadie.”
Soft hands coaxed me from sleep’s darkness. My eyes opened and met the warm green irises belonging to Kelsy.
“I’ve brought you some soup,” she said softly. I blinked at her. “You must be hungry, Sadie. You came home with a Burger King meal and you haven’t touched it.”
Fisting the blurriness away from my eyes, I sat up. “What time is it?”
“A few minutes before nine. Here, eat something.” She carefully placed the tray on my lap. A red bowl of delectable gumbo. Kelsy was a consummate cook—not at all congruous with her ‘spoiled girl’ personality. But it was a trait she’d inherited from her mother, Mrs. Mitchell, who was master of the kitchens.
The aroma flooded my nostrils and my stomach grumbled in reply. “Thank you, Kels. I’m famished. A cup of espresso was all I had today.” I took a spoonful of the gumbo. As always, preparations by Kelsy’s hands were delicious.
“How was your first day at work?”
“Fun,” I managed a smile. “Geo Lee is all work and no play.”
Kelsy’s green eyes widened in horror. “And that’s fun?”
I laughed, “For me, it was. I was in my zone. I felt like a kid in a candy store.”
“Ah. Well I’m glad you’ve started doing what you love.”
In agreement, I nodded. “So how’s your house hunting coming along?”
“Oh, I forgot to tell you, you’d been so busy with…you know who. I settled on a three bedroom at Esprit. It’s gorgeous, with an amazing sea view. But I’m still not ecstatic about the move.”
Sensing her nagging coming along, I sighed. “I’m sorry I asked; because now you’re gonna start groveling for me to move in with you.”
1
“I want yo—”
I hold up my hand to stop her. “Where’s Tev?”
“Uh, sorting um…some stuff out in the basement.”
I lifted a brow at her weird reply but she ignored it and gazed at me with soft, sympathetic eyes. “Has he called you?”
Oh God, I don’t want to talk about him. “Twenty-five times, plus messages.”
“What did he say?”
“He wants to talk.”
“So, are you gonna to meet him?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because I want nothing more to do with him, Kels,” I snapped. “I just want to forget about him, make him dead to my mind just like he’d always been. I already have to live with the fact that he got me the job. I wish to talk of him no more.”
“But you—”
“No more, Kelsy,” I clipped. “Now, tell me about your new apartment.”

Ninety minutes later I was back at my apartment, under the notion that Natalio wouldn’t come knocking. He’d said in his email that he’d stay afar and I was trusting that he’d keep his word on that.
Brenda had retired for the night. Thank heavens for that. She had taken on the mannerism of a pest ever since she’d found out about Natalio. Idly, I wondered if all the Nelson brothers were the same. If so, I should warn her to steer clear.
After unpacking my accouterments from my bag, I collapsed supine onto my bed. Despite my three-hour brush-up sleep, I felt extremely tired. And Kelsy’s gumbo was somniferous.
My cell phone buzzed and I held my breath and withdrew it from my pocket. Yep, I thought right, it was from Natalio.

Hi,
I miss you.

The delete option got selected. Almost immediately, another message came in.

You’re back home.
Don’t worry, I won’t come knocking.
But talk to me.
Please.

Seriously? My word, did my life even belong to me? Irritated, I hit the reply:

Oh, please don’t!
Stalker much?

My first thought was to switch my cell phone off, but I really didn’t want to. Because somewhere deep, deep down inside of me—the part that curls and whirls whenever I hear his name, the part that yearns for him—I missed him, too.
A minute later another message came in:

‘I don’t mind at all.
It’s like one of those bad dreams when you can’t wake up.
Looks like you’ve given up. You’ve had enough.
But I want more. No I won’t stop. Cause I just know, you’ll come around. Right?
No, I don’t believe you when you say ‘don’t come around here no more’.
I won’t remind you, you said we wouldn’t be apart.’
Pink

My smile was ear-wide, and then I found myself laughing. Of course he knew I listened only to Pink! As my memories rolled in, I found that there were some good parts to it.
This was his old tactic of getting me to talk to him whenever I was upset with him. He’d send me lines from Pink’s songs if he wasn’t around, and if he was, he’d sing them. How childish, yet it still had the same effect of making me smile. Well, if he thought this old trick would work on me then… he was right, because I couldn’t stop my fingers from hitting the reply button.

‘Left my childhood behind, in roll away bed…
Trying to cover-up the damage and pad out all the bruises.
It’s gonna take a long time to love.
It’s gonna take a lot to hold on.
It’s gonna be a long way to happy.
I’m left in the pieces that you broke me into.
Torn apart, but now I’ve got to keep on rolling like a stone,
Cause it’s gonna be a long, long way to happy.
But don’t worry about regrets or guilt, because I never knew your name.
I just want to thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for all the sleepless nights and for tearing me apart.’
Pink.

There, that should tell him. Trust Pink to say it all when you can’t. This is why is I love her music so much. It’s as if all her songs were written for me.

I’m sorry.
Don’t leave me.

I’m sorry, too. But I have to. I replied with Pink:

‘You took my hand, you showed me how.
You promised me you’d be around.
I took your words and I believed in everything you said to me.
You said forever…’
Pink

*

Is this the only way you’ll talk to me?
Tell me your words, Sadie.
Not Pink’s.
Let me hear your voice.

A minute later my cell phone started ringing, Natalio’s name blinking on the screen. I rejected the call, switched off my bedside lamp and snuggled under my duvet. There were so many things I wanted to say to him but at the same time, it’s like I had nothing to say. A whirlwind of confusion had swept me up. My world had been tipped over on its head again. Why did he come back? Why?
Wagging my head at such bemusement, I set my Blackberry on bedside mode with the resolution to entertain Natalio no further. I closed my eyes and tried to block him from my mind. Only I couldn’t, it was an impossible task. Because my body was burning to be next to his. That was the real reason I didn’t want to see him. Because I knew, I knew I wouldn’t be able to bear it. I knew being in his presence would undermine me completely. Just one look at me through those commanding blue eyes and I would cede. Believe whatever bull crap he told me. Melt at his words no matter how meaningless and insensate they were. My body was subservient to him. I would not be able to resist him. Because…
I love him.

It was day number four working at GLFH. Day number four since I’ve last laid eyes on Natalio. He called, he texted, he emailed…repeatedly. All of which I painfully ignored. As he’d promised, he hadn’t come knocking. At times, I wished he had come knocking. But I knew Natalio excelled at self-control, so as much as he wanted to, he wouldn’t.
My thoughts were only of him. The second I open my eyes in the morning to the second sleep takes me away at night. And even then, he’s there in my dreams. Geo Lee did a fine job at keeping my mind occupied at times. So for a few hours a day—sometimes, mercifully so—my mind had respite of his name.
“I think he’s trying to kill us,” Kiwan whispered in my ear. “My God, I’m starving.”
My lips curled in a smile, then we burst into giggles which stopped abruptly when Geo Lee glanced over at us in suspicion from the far end of the room where he was engaged in deep conversation on his phone, chatting at bullet speed about models and runways.
Kiwan was warm and cordial and we worked well together. She wasn’t a fan of elaborate designs and colors like Geo Lee and I, but she had prowess at accessory designing and could easily adjust to any requirements.
My stomach grumbled but I didn’t complain. I was in my element.

“…So I’ll call the crew up for all that we’ve settled on today so they can be initiated first thing in the morning.” Geo Lee sighed at our day’s end. “Another productive day. You two are great. Have a good evening girls.” He looked as tired and exhausted as I felt. Geo Lee was passionate about his work and poured himself wholly into it and I adored him for that. “And remember, we’ll be working late tomorrow.”

The elevator opened on the ground floor and I dragged my tired limbs through the reception area. An undisturbed forty-eight hours of sleep would do me well.
“Miss Francé,” I heard Cara, the receptionist, called to me.
“Yes?”
“A small parcel was left here for you today.”
A parcel? From whom?
Cara reached for a leather manila envelope, the color of aqua and chocolate brown, and held it out to me.
“Who?” I asked.
“A tall African-American guy. He didn’t leave a name,” the awkward, blue-eyed blond informed me.
Smiling politely, though puzzled, I took the parcel. Zealousness met curiosity, and I hastily opened the envelope once I was a few feet away from Cara.
Inside, was a car key—a Mercedes car key—and something resembling a scroll. Upon pulling at the scroll, a picture fell out and fluttered to the ground. I bent to retrieve it and a short sob escaped from me when I saw that it was an old picture of Nelly and I. We were laying forehead to forehead in lush green grass, staring in each other’s eyes and grinning like two fools in love. I remember this day. We were two fools in love.
Oh my god.
Tears brimmed my sockets. With shaky fingers, I unrolled the scroll which was of thick parchment rolled over wooden rods with intricately designed golden end knobs. Wow. The parchment looked and felt expensive. Cursive handwriting flowed down the scroll in bright black ink:

Seven years ago, I fell head first in love with the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen.
Her chocolate-brown hair was as long as Rapunzel’s, rippled with curls like the waves of the sea, yet it was as smooth as silk. I enjoyed gazing at my reflection in her bright cognac eyes, and embraced the inexplicable peace that came over me when I did. I’d felt like I was nailed to her. Would have done anything for her. Would swim through lava if she begged me to. Anything at all to see her breathtaking smile framed by the pinkest, bow-shaped lips.
She was the source of my happiness. The reason I smiled. The reason I breathed…
And still, I wasn’t entirely revealing with her. She knew me better than anyone else, but on some level, she didn’t know me at all. To me, it didn’t matter, because my secrets were intently temporal. She would know soon. Because she would be my wife. The mother of my children. The love of my life. I knew because…she promised me.

Still, I had fears. Profound trepidations. Nocturnal daunts. All because I loved her too much. I needed her too much. I thought about her, of only her, too much. And no one should ever need anyone that much. So I feared, every hour, every day, every week, every month, that one day I would lose her.
Until, one night, I did.
It started out as the most precious night of my life. I gloried in her scent, drowned myself in her kisses, lost myself in her warmth, gave myself over to her, flesh and soul…
But then, this night evolved into the worst night of my life. A night so traumatic, I could never forget. One minute, I was buried inside the love of my life and in the next…I was burning in hell.
It was hell because everything was beyond my control. I had no power. And all my prayers of seeing her again went unanswered. I prayed in vain…
Because prayers never get answered in Hell.

I’d made it through purgatory. Was blessed with a chance to have her again. But my love, my love remembered me not. And when she did…she ran.
Because I had hurt her that much.
She loved me no more.

~

Why do I keep losing you?
Why am I always chasing you?
Could it be that we don’t belong?
Am I fighting for something that is not to be? And will never be?

Sadie, I’ve waited and waited. Fought and pleaded. But I can’t force you to want to know what happened.
I know you must have been hurt in ways I can’t even imagine. If it makes you feel any better, I’ve suffered, too. In more ways than one.
I am still suffering.
But the difference with me is this: I’ve never forgotten you. Never even tried to. On the contrary, I’ve fought to keep you alive in my mind. Held the hope that we would be together again. I couldn’t forget you even if I tried. I loved you too much.
Still love you.
And always will.

But sometimes, love is not enough. I can’t make you to want me. I can’t make you love me. I just have to unclasp, let go, and move on.

~

Please accept the car and the apartment. It’s at Esprit, your apartment’s only a few feet away from Kelsy’s.
Don’t be pig-headed now, Sadie. Think of it as an atonement.
I promise I won’t call, stalk or bother you anymore. But please don’t be afraid to call me if you need help with anything. I’m there for you if you need me.
I hope life takes you places.

Love,
Natalio.

The parchment paper was not affected by my profusion of tears that rained onto it. My face was wet, my eyes felt like gravel, my lips were numb.
Natalio was leaving me, again.
Shouldn’t I be happy? Isn’t this what I wanted? I’ve told him time and time again to leave me alone and now he’s finally done so and I’m still unhappy? Why am I such a weeping mess?
“Miss Francé? Are you okay?” I heard Cara call from behind me.
Straightening my posture, I flashed my tears away and whisked through the front door without answering. My feet walked at quick pace to the parking lot. I couldn’t let anyone else see me like this. Weak and lifeless was how I felt, wanting to curl up into a ball and cry for days.
Upon pressing the unlock button on the car key of Tevin’s Trailblazer, I noticed a white Mercedes Cabriolet parked next to it. The sleekness proclaimed ‘I’m new’. Polished and glistened like a diamond among beads. Out of curiosity, I pressed the unlock button on the car key that came in the parcel. My hand flew to my mouth when the car beeped in response.
Whoa! He bought me a freaking Mercedes-Benz. What?
On impulse, I walked around it. She was…a beauty. I pressed another button and the roof folded backwards, the scent of new leather traveled on the air. Quickly, I stepped away. No. I couldn’t accept this. But to whom do I return it? I’ve no knowledge of his residence in San Fran.
Didn’t he mention something about an apartment in his letter? I shook the envelope and another key on a heart-shaped key ring slid out. How did he even know that Kelsy had an apartment at Esprit? Jeez, the man was omniscient! Did he really expect me to accept these? Why did he think he needed to do any of this?
I wanted him. Only him. His firm, masculine body next to mine. His hard phallus moving inside me. Not what he can give me materially. Come back to me.
A blubbering mess, I climbed into the Trailblazer. How could I move on and forget about him if I were to live in an apartment and drive a car that was bought by him? Did he not see how stupid that would be?
Maybe he doesn’t want me to forget about him…
Without even knowing for sure what happened that night, I’d pushed him away. He hadn’t a chance to explain because I didn’t give him one. I was too hurt. Too unforgiving. Too confused.
Now, he’s given up. And he’s gone. Out of my life, again.
Is this what I want?
Yes.
No.
I don’t know.
Maybe, I should do as he’s done. Unclasp, let it go, and move on. Only I knew it wouldn’t be easy.
I fished for my Blackberry and dialed. A smooth Hispanic voice answered, “Sup, baby girl?”
“Tev, I’ve got a gift for you. Brand new. You’re gonna love it.”



Chapter Fifteen


Five weeks passed…

“Francé,” Geo Lee began, once I was in his office on my return with Chinese food for lunch. “This is not my normal doing, but I think you are very talented and such deserves to be known.”
I frowned at him, wondering where his ramblings would lead to.
“There’s this bidding on Monday. It’s an annual thing, where talented, novice designers get the chance to model their pieces on a runway. There will be a host of big-name fashion dealers—I’m not sure what enterprises just yet—who will be bidding on the designs they like and want to carry in their stores. If they like a piece, they bid, no lower than forty thousand dollars. If a piece is coveted buy multiple dealers, a bidding war starts and the price for that design can escalate up to two hundred thousand dollars.”
My mouth fell open.
Geo laughed at my astonished expression. “Yes, Francé, you could make a lot of money. That’s if you work your ass off this weekend on some killer pieces. I pulled some strings and got you in. Someone gave me a chance in life once. I’m doing the same for someone I believe is worth it. Now, don’t let me down. Opportunities like this don’t come often.”

At work’s end, I left GLFH in a daze. Whoa. Working with Geo Lee had major advantages. Why did he have so much faith in me?
His fashion show had been a success and we’ve only been busier since then. Stolen clients were soon returning because the renowned Geo Lee had gotten his spunk back. A trail mix of celebrities: movie stars, singers, rappers, etcetera. I’d come face-to-face with people I’d only ever seen on television. My job was amazing. And now Geo Lee was giving me a fiercer push forward.
Oh, can I do it? Of course I can.
A grin resided on my face; I could hardly wait to relay this news unto my mother. It was Thursday, and her visits were pushed to late evenings because of my job. Hmm, time to visit my mom at her new home—courtesy of Natalio. Something I was sorely vexed for, but could do nothing about, because it was her gift from him and not mine. And she’d gratefully accepted it.
Though it had been more than five weeks ago, I could still hear the ecstasy in her voice when I’d finally gotten through to her that Friday—the day after Natalio’s letter. The preceding day, I—in my solemn state evoked by the letter—had made my usual stop at Miss De’Lacy’s to see her. Only, no one was there, neither her nor Miss De’Lacy. When I’d phoned her, Miss De’Lacy had told me, in brevity, that my mother was “Busy, um, occupied.”
Busy doing what? Occupied how? She barely even speaks to anyone, I’d thought to myself. And so I was left confused and deeply worried.
The answers to my questions came on the subsequent day when she was, by then, unoccupied. That was when I gained knowledge that while I was sobbing profusely over Natalio’s letter, he was out entertaining with my mother…
“Oh darling, he’s such a sweetheart!” She’d blushed over the phone as soon as I answered it. And I was staggeringly taken aback by the springiness in her usually frail voice.
“W-who?”
“Your Natalio guy.”
“What? How do you know Natalio? You’ve seen him?” At that point I was beyond confused.
“Yes, darling. He came by to see me yesterday morning. Was such a courteous young man. Struck me up into conversation—not that it was hard for him to do so, for he’s one helluva man—and somehow got to me to agree to spend the day out with him,” Mom gushed.
I’d listened with my mouth hanging to the floor. More for the fact that my mother spoke with such vivacity than for the irritating fact that Natalio had visited her. “We had a wonderful day. He’s so polite and intelligent and attentive. I was enthralled. Except that he was an obvious workaholic. His cell phone was a nuisance…There’s something oddly familiar about him though.”
Wouldn’t try to refute that observation.
“My evening culminated with the keys to my own house. How generous to a sickly old croon like me?”
“What?!” I’d screamed, appalled. Oh I could kill him!
“You should come see it, sweetheart. The basement is furnished as a design room, loaded with fabrics and designer’s apparatuses. It’s splendid! “
“Mom, Natalio and I are not together. We’ve…parted. And I can’t believe you accepted a house from a complete stranger! How could you?” I could hardly contain my anger at Natalio’s presumptuousness and my mother’s lack of discretion.
“Darling, calm down. He’d never once made me feel like an infected human. Not for one second. I’d almost forgotten I was ill. It was one of my best spent days in years. I accepted because I will soon die from this insidious illness. It’s been years since I’ve smiled or felt special or normal. And you try very hard with me, and I don’t make things any easier for you. I’m sorry. My state is ignominious, I’m not at a point in my life to be prideful. If some heavy-pocketed man wants to buy me a house to put a smile on my face and make my last days’ worth living then I’ll accept. He told me you’d be mad. And that when you were calm, I should remind you that his brother’s a real estate tycoon.”
“Oh, you don’t have any idea how mad I am! I could kill him!” I’d yelled. “I can’t believe he did that! He promised me he’d stay away.”
When she spoke again, her soft and delicate voice had returned. The voice she’d told me stories with when I was a child, the voice she’d sang to me with, the voice that had assured me of a mother’s love, the voice that belonged to her, Theresa Francé. “You are so much like your father: Stubborn, full of pride, abusive and blind.”
My voice fell. “I can’t…I can’t believe you just compared me to that horrible man. How am I abusive?”
She sighed. “Can you not see how much that man loves you? Every time he mentions your name he winces with pain, then smiles to hide his shame.”
My eyes brimmed with tears. “Mom, you don’t know what he did to me. You can’t take his side.” Well, she did know. I just needed to remind her who Natalio really was.
“I’m not taking his side, darling. I’m only taking what he offers,” she laughed. Oh! Theresa Francé laughing again!
“He told me you left him and he’s accepted it. He explained to me that he understood you wanted nothing more to do with him, but that he just wanted to make sure you faced no more hardships, because you’ve been through a lot. And I agree. I encouraged him to come see me again, but he said he was positive you wouldn’t want that, and that he’d promised to stay away, and besides, he wouldn’t be on U.S soil for a while.” Damn, my mom was talking more than she’d ever done since her attempt at suicide. And where was Natalio going?
“From what I’ve seen so far, darling, he’s a good man. And he obviously cares about you. Too bad things couldn’t have worked out between you two.”
“Looks are deceiving, mom. You don’t know the pain he’s caused me.”
“Come by, darling. Come tell me about it. I want to be your mother again. Let me.”

I’d promptly done so, and she’d lapsed into a lecture about forgiveness. But I was so mad at Natalio, I didn’t take heed. On the sunny side, Natalio’s interference, I had to admit, had aid in my mother’s betterment. She started sewing again. Laughing again. Cooking, gardening and enjoying her new home. And I knew she’d love this news. It had always been a dream of hers. But she’d been stagnant at a small fashion house working for an ungrateful designer who didn’t believe in giving others a chance.
I’d been given one.
Looking back, I’d been so low, lost and empty that I’d subjected myself to climbing poles half-naked for the entertainment of bored husbands.
But I was saved. Saved by someone who saw that I needed to be rescued. I only wished he’d come rescue me from the heartache he’d caused, too. For whilst he helped me, he’d hurt me.
Things were all fun and bright when I was busy inside the building of GLFH. But as soon as I was out, I’d be somersaulted by the pain again. It has been over five weeks since The Letter.
Natalio had kept his promise. For once. He hadn’t called, texted, or bothered me at all. And almost every day, I was wishing he did. My heart leaped each time my Blackberry chirped, hoping it was him. But it never was. He was truly done, given up, gone.
It was what I asked for. Yet weeks later I was still crying myself to sleep at nights. I’d realized then that I’ve never really stopped loving him at all. My memory had, but my heart hadn’t. When my eyes had seen him again, my body had known before I did who he was. That’s why I’d felt so close to him, so at peace with him, so familiar. My spirit knew his, knew his touch, knew his kiss. And I now know why it was so easy for me to melt in his arms, enslaving myself to him. Unable to stay away.
I loved him.
I missed him.
And as each day went by, I loved and missed him even more. Because the memories, the good ones, habituated themselves in my mind, reminding me that he was once the light of my world.
Why hadn’t I allowed him to explain? Whether he’d be lying to me or not, any excuse would’ve sufficed because I still wanted him. Still loved him. No longer did it matter why he did what he did. For me, it had faded into insignificance. What mattered was that he came back, but my obduracy had muscled him out of my present and back into my past.
Misery was what I’d brought upon myself.
I scaled into Tevin’s Trailblazer and turned the key in the ignition. The jeep wouldn’t start. Repeated the process for another five minutes and failed. Frustrated, I called Tevin for aid.

“You have to put gas in the vehicle if you want it to drive, Sadie,” Tevin admonished me like a middle-aged man as I hopped into his jeep.
I laughed. “I said I’m sorry. I’ve been so busy I—”
“I know. I’ll come get it tomorrow. Right now, there’s something I have to deliver and I’m tardy.” Tevin pushed the pedal to the metal and weaved through the heavy traffic. It was that time of the evening when everyone was wearily leaving their jobs and was impatient to get home. The air was thick with carbon dioxide emanating from mufflers, car horns honking inharmoniously, people dashing out to cross the streets without warning, bikers squeezing through narrow spaces, making this time of the evening what it was: rush hour.
Sagaciously, I buckled my seat belt, because if Tevin was in haste, then he was about to find his way out of this chaos by hook or by crook. “Why didn’t you tell me you were busy? I could’ve called Kels.”
“Because you’re like my little sister. I can’t say no to you. Ever. Even when I try,” he said, winking a long-lashed eye at me. A black tam sat slanted on his head and his long gold chain panged on the steering wheel due to his crouched posture as he concentrated hard on overtaking every car so he could make it on time to…wherever he needed to be. And as always, I wanted to ask him if he didn’t feel hot in that oversized graffiti shirt and baggy jeans, but knew he’d only roll his eyes at me. “And Kelsy’s busy unpacking at the store. You know that.”
Oh shoot. I’d promised her I’d help her out tonight. Kelsy had taken interest in something—for once—and was working on opening her own fashion store. Perfect for her, since shopping was her hobby—um, since shopping was all she did. My excitement for her was hard to contain and I could hardly wait for the ostentatious opening. With her parents, ‘doing it big’ was compulsory.
Tevin hit the brakes with the aim of preventing collision with a car in front, and I was glad I’d buckled up. He was driving like a maniac.
“East?”
“Yeah,” he replied, distracted. “When last have you been?”
“A while.” My tone was forbidden. No thoughts about the past, please.
As Tevin forced out of the traffic and onto a short-cut street which was traffic-free, he floored the gas. Boy, he must be really late. Most people didn’t drive these streets, for they feared the ‘bad areas’ that these streets led to. Residents of this county preferred to believe that ‘bad areas’ didn’t exist. So though I was now living among the uppity people, I knew that the ‘bad areas’ existed. Because the bad area was what I grew up in. And I knew the ‘bad area’ was exactly where Tevin was going to make his delivery.
“Shit!!!” Tevin exclaimed when a police siren went off behind us, but he didn’t stop. Instead, he sped up.
“Tev, what are you doing?” I asked slowly, as if speaking to a child. “Just pull over. You’ll get yourself in jail.” But as I said it, I knew that with Tevin no one was safe. And the fact that he was driving a fully tinted, pitch-black Escalade would make the cops even more suspicious.
“I can’t,” he uttered, turning the jeep with screeching tires onto another street. The cops didn’t ease up.
Realizing the danger in his idiotic attempt to outdrive the cops, I shouted, “Why the hell not? You’ll get us killed!”
Tevin glanced at me, and for the first time since I’ve known him, he looked scared. “Because I’ve got fifteen kilos of cocaine in the back. Twenty pounds of marijuana, two muzzleloaders, two shotguns, a pistol, a nine millimeter and a case of copper bullets. Like I told you, I was making a delivery.”
My eyes tore so wide, it was a miracle my eyeballs didn’t roll out of socket. “What the hell, Tev!!” I screamed. “Shit, shit, shit!!”
Soon, there were two police cars chasing us. My heart flopped in my throat. This was my third time being wrangled in a police chase. The first two were with him, Cali D. But we never got caught. Even so, I was never this worried because he didn’t have every possible illegal thing in his jeep!
My God. Tevin has really outdone himself this time. He’d better be a damn good driver and get us out of this mess.
Tevin screeched onto another street and the jeep’s ass slammed into the side of a car that was parked on the curb. Still, he didn’t stop. I glanced at the meter and noted that he was clocking eighty miles per hour. The cops were there, sticking on tails. Red and blue lights flashing in the setting evening.
This is it. I was either going to die in a car crash or go to jail. And I’ll never see Natalio again. I should’ve made use of the word ‘forgiveness’. Because now I may never get the chance to kiss him, touch him, make love to him again.
“I dunno where the shit I am!” Tevin panicked. “You know around here, Sadie. Where the hell is this?”
“I have no idea. But you better find a goddamn way out, asshole!!” It had been ages since I’d been to ELA, everything looked different and was a lot more structured than in my days. So I was just as lost as Tevin.
“Oh no, baby girl. I need ya strength. You can’t be mad at me,” he said through a half-sob. Tevin was afraid. More frightened than I was, it seemed. And it couldn’t just be of being caught and jailed. He feared something else. The men who are awaiting this delivery, maybe?
The loud sirens behind us and honking of car horns accompanied by vitriolic shouts as we brushed or bumped nearby vehicles would send anyone in a panic attack. And that wouldn’t be good; he’d crash and kill us both.
Taking a deep breath, I spoke in a much calmer tone, someone needed to have their wits about them. “You’ve never been in a car chase before?”
He wagged his head wildly.
In spite of the situation, I laughed. “Some gangster you are, huh?”
“Sadie, this shit is serious. A bloody life-and-death situation we’re in. Aren’t ya scared?”
“Was,” I giggled. And when I looked ahead, I laughed even harder, as loud and crazy as a hyena. The laughing, I couldn’t help it, for I only laughed this hysterically when I’m frightened out of my boots.
“What?!” Tevin snapped.
Obviously, he hadn’t been paying attention to where he was going so I nodded for him to look ahead.
Tevin slammed the breaks, jerking us forward. “Dios Mio!!”
Wrapping my arms around my stomach, I laughed my frightened face off. And soon my laughter morphed into tears as I stared at the towering red-bricked wall before us and the flashing lights of the police cars behind us.
Dead end.
Our ass was grass.

The grotesque giantess flicked out a slimy tongue and winked at me. Yuck! That has got to be the longest tongue I’ve ever seen. I gave a meek smile, walked over to the bars and stuck my face there. It reeked in here. A mixture of urine, feces, and possible dead corpses, who knows?
For over twenty-four hours, I’d been locked in this cell with a flirty giantess and a petrified wafer-thin brunette. What kind of crime had she committed? She looked as frightened as a rabbit. I dared not probe questions about the giantess. Her crime was probably slaughtering a stable of horses or molesting an entire brothel.
Oh God, I need to get out of here.
I wasn’t even allowed the chance to explain that I was oblivious to the illegalities on board because ‘anything I do or say could be used against me in the court of law’. Ugh.
I was hoping Tevin would word me some justice. If he cared about me at all, he would. Because I had all the time in the world to wonder, I wondered how he was holding up. Probably scared out of his wits since he’s never been in jail before. Some men can be tough, yes, until they get caught. That’s when you’ll hear them cry like a female cat getting shagged.
What was going to be done to me? How long would I be kept in here? The fashion bidding’s on Monday, for Christ’s sake. I had to prepare. Would I be out by then? Would I end up missing that opportunity? Geo Lee would be so disappointed. As I would be in myself. Why does everything always go wrong for me? Hell, I’ve been born an execrable birth.
Let me out! Let me out! Let me out! I screamed in my head, my knuckles pale as I gripped the bars of the grill. It was a miracle I wasn’t crying and shivering like a frightened adolescent. I’d been through so much crap in my years of being with him. Cali D exemplified the citizen one should never be. But then, with all of his illegalities, we had never been to jail.

Guess it was just bad luck with Tevin.
“Sadie Francé,” a crusty female voice called.
Dragged from my reveries, I raised my eyes and saw a plump, dark-haired officer keying the grill. “You’re good to go,” she winked at me.
My shoulders slumped as I released a noisy exhale. Relieved, weak, sleepy and worried, I was all of the above. Tevin had done me well. Stepping out of the hell-hole, I followed the officer as she led the way.
“High friends in high places, eh girlie?” the officer whispered over her shoulder.
My countenance frowned into bewilderment.
“Your feet have been washed. Steer clear of the mire from now on,” she added, patting my shoulder.
What in the world was she talking about?
The bald-headed man behind the counter glared at me with a grim expression as he pushed my belongings to me. Sheepishly, I grabbed them, slipped into the filthy bathroom to change from my hideous overalls and was then buzzed out.
In the waiting area, Kelsy was pacing back and forth. “Sadie! Oh my god.” She rushed towards me and locked me in a tight embrace. “Oh god, I was so worried.”
“I’m fine. Now.”
“I didn’t know what to think. I didn’t know what to do. They’re keeping Tev. You think he—”
“I doubt it,” I shook my head. “Not with all that was on board. Come on, let’s get outta here.”
As we exited the building, passing police cars and lazy cops giving us the judgmental eye, I wondered, “How did you know to come?”
Kelsy frowned. “I got a call from some guy. Said I was to come pick you up. You were bailed.”
Confusion clouded my already weary brain. I hadn’t called anyone. Maybe Tevin did? “Huh? Some guy?”
“Yeah. I thought it was strange, too, because it wasn’t a police officer, but I was so glad you were getting out I didn’t care to ask questions.”
This was making no sense. “Bail isn’t possible so soon. Not unless Tev told them I was oblivious.” And as I said it, I remembered the officer’s rambling about ‘high friends in high places’ and something about my feet being washed. Hmm…Natalio. But how would he know?
Because he’s omniscient, duh.
At the moment, I didn’t care how I got out. Grateful I was to whoever had lent aid. That, I could think about that when I’ve showered, had me a meal and some well-deserved sleep.
Kelsy was drowning with tears as I regaled the inauspicious car chase yesterday while she drove us home. She wailed about us chasing death, how stupid Tevin was, and most of all lamented on the possibility that she may never see Tevin for a very, very long time. Whenever my discombobulated mind was back in array, maybe I could telephone my ‘high friend in high places’ and see what favors I can get done? Ha! Would be interesting to see how that turns out.
Kelsy wiped her nose in the most unladylike manner and sniffed, “I’m just gonna make a quick stop by Tev’s to pick up my stuff. There’s no way I’ll be able to stay there by myself tonight. This is just horrible.”
“Okay. You can stay with me until tomorrow,” I offered, knowing that she wouldn’t be contented on her own whether it was Tev’s home or hers. Kelsy liked company and preferred being anywhere else but her own home. She nodded.

Vestigial of the sun, the dim orange glow slowly faded as darkness ate into the daylight. Kelsy steered the vehicle into Tevin’s sprawling complex, muttered something about giving her a minute and hopped out of the car. My stomach churned as I waited and I realized then that I haven’t slept in over twenty-four hours. This was not how I envisioned my weekend after receiving that heart-swelling news from Geo Lee.
Geo Lee! Shoot, I’d missed a day of work and I hadn’t even called in to say why. Would he be pissed? I’ve never seen him pissed off before. I fished for my blackberry. It would be too late to call him now, but that’s better than not calling at all. Darn it. My cell phone battery’s completely dried out. God, I needed to get home. Now.
My mouth grew arid as the wait extended, and I feared I might die of hunger or faint of dehydration, so I slotted out of the car and dragged my lethargic body off into the house.
An eerie feeling brushed me as I stepped across the threshold, but I dismissed it. I was tired and I needed food and rest. Kelsy was supposedly packing but I heard no noise coming from the bedroom. The house was strangely quiet.
In desperation of slaking the aridness of my tongue, I journeyed into the enormous kitchen and opened the fridge door to grab a drink. “Hurry up, Kels. I’m in desperate need of a shower and sleep,” I shouted, as I scanned the contents of the refrigerator.
Opting for a V8 Splash, I popped the cork from the bottle and brought it to my mouth, depleting half its fluids in one drink. Quenching, I thought with gratitude as I wiped my lips with the back of my hand. I kneed the fridge door shut and found myself staring into the nozzle of gun.
Shhhhhhhit!
The bottle fell from my hand and went smashing to the ground. Now what?
“Shhh,” hissed the bulky intruder who was clad in black from head to toe, wearing a mask that showed only his eyes and lips.
That must have been the last bit of fright and fear that was left in my body because suddenly I cared not what the hell this man would do to me—unbelievably so. I was, most irritatedly, tired of it all. Tired of my cursed life and everyone in it. Things couldn’t get any worse than this.
Nonchalance remarkably surfaced. “Kelsy?”
The intruder blinked at me, and I assumed he was stunned by my indifference. If he was expecting me to beg and plead, then he had another thing coming because I hadn’t the strength to do so, even if I wanted to. My last twenty-four hours constituted of a long day’s work punctuated with merry news, which later evolved into a heart-palpitating car chase and a sleepless, nail-biting night in a stinking hell-hole. So do with me as you wish. Please. Death would be an infinite respite. Ending all my bloody miseries for sure.
“I’m right here,” Kelsy’s voice was small and shaky behind me. When I turned, my heart constricted at the ashen-faced Kelsy who was wrist-bound by another husky intruder, also clad and masked in black.
“Let her go,” I told them. “Take me.”
If they didn’t, I was pretty sure Kelsy would faint of fright within the next ten minutes or so. She was a spoiled girl from a well-known, affluent family. This nature was not for people of her kind. But on some level, it’s good for her to see the penalties of dating men like Tevin.
“Shit, T. Shit. That’s Nelly’s girl,” Kelsy’s assaulter said.
What? Nelly?
“Fuck, I didn’t—” My assaulter swore again and pressed the gun against my skull. “You weren’t supposed to be here!”
My head was spinning. I honestly could not take any more bullshit. I was afraid I would explode, sending blood, guts and shit splattering everywhere. “What do you want?”
“Hurtin’ you would be trouble. So injury’s off tha’ list. Though, it would give me great pleasure to break your delicate bones,” said my assaulter through clenched teeth. “You’re Nelly’s bitch and his men watch your ass twenty-four-seven. So though we really don’t wanna, we’ll have to let ya’ go unscathed, because we don’t wanna trigger any unnecessary rivalry. Your assigned men are probably outside right now as we speak. So now, you two will ensure that we get what we want and we will ensure that you leave in one piece. You will raise no alarm and everyone will be happy. Got it?”
What the hell? I have securities that follow me around? That would explain how Natalio knows everything. My God, the man is…ugh! “Yeah, sure. But what do you want?”
“Tevin has messed up big time. We’ve lost a great deal. We’re aware he has underground stacks. Let us have it and we’ll be out of your air.”
My eyebrows shot up in surprise. Tevin had underground stacks? The dude was so much more illegal and hazardous than I thought!
“I don’t—”
“She knows,” growled my assaulter, nodding to Kelsy.
Puzzled, I glanced at Kelsy, awaiting her word. But she merely stared at me, wide-eyed and dumbfounded.
Kelsy cried out in pain when her assaulter twisted her arm. “Spit it out, bitch!”
“Kels, do you want to live?” I asked her.
She nodded frantically, looking like an electrocuted cat.
“Then tell them where it is. I don’t think Tev would be able to retain his sanity knowing you lost your life trying to save his dope.” I tried to remain serious, fighting the inexplicable urge to laugh. Why do I always have such anomalistic compulsion to laugh in deadly situations?
I must not laugh. I must not laugh. This is serious.
Kelsy’s assaulter pressed his gun against her temple, his finger twitching on the trigger, and I swallowed. Hard. “Hurry up, bitch! Our beef is with Tevin, but now you’ve brought Nelly’s bitch here.” He looked over to me and blinked with reasoning eyes. “We don’t want no shit with Nelly, okay? We just want to get our worth of what Tevin’s fucked up.”
Why did they keep saying ‘Nelly’? Did that mean Natalio was still heading cliques and still playing Nelly? I had no idea. And how was I his bitch? I haven’t spoken to the man in over forty days. If they knew that, and how clueless I was, they’d retract their suppression of breaking my bones.
Kelsy’s soft, crackling voice spoke, “Okay. This way.”
With rough fingers grasped tightly around my upper arm and a gun pressed against my skull, I followed where Kelsy led. We traveled down to the basement and there stood another three men who seemed to have been searching to no avail.
“Under here,” said Kelsy, pointing to an immense red rug that dominated Tevin’s man cave.
“You two,” Kelsy’s assaulter ordered two of the guys. “Roll it up. Hurry!”
The men rolled away the carpet, and then all eyes averted to Kelsy in questioning. That’s because there was nothing but wooden floor beneath it.
Kelsy pulled from the grasp of her assaulter and walked along the area in a concentrated pattern, then stepped back. Ten seconds later, a rectangular trapped door automatically opened. Reflexively, I leaned over to take a peek and eyed a wide wooden ladder leading down.
Whoa. Tevin had a freaking underground stack-up and I hadn’t known? I think I could guess why he hid it from me; he knew I’d encouraged Kelsy even more to stay as far away from him as possible. But then, she knew, too, and kept it a secret. After all the horrendous things Kelsy saw I went through with Cali D, she still wouldn’t take heed. Oh well…
My assaulter gave me a rough tug backward. “Keep still.” He waved his gun at the other men. “What tha’ hell are y’all waiting for? Start packin’!”
Impatiently I stood, shifting from foot to foot for fifteen minutes and counting. Watching as the men came up with bags and bags of cocaine, guns and ammunitions.
Sweet mother Mary! What the heck was Tevin saving up for? Not a rainy day by the looks of it, but a freaking tempest. The dude was on some American Gangster meets Scarface shit. I’d never seen so much cocaine in all my life. Was he planning on opening a drugstore? Pun intended.
“You know, I was really looking forward to fuckin’ ya lil friend into oblivion. We had plans for her,” whispered my assaulter. “But you just came along and fucked everything up.”
Insouciant, I shrugged. “Sorry.”
“You think because you’ve been with men like Cali D and Nelly, that you’ve seen it all?” he growled, obviously pissed at my nonchalance. “I could still fuck you up, ya know?”
Oh, they know about Cali D, too. Boy, what a history I had at age twenty-four. “Go ahead. Do me the honors. Believe me, this is not an affectation.”
“You lil bitch.” He laughed acrimoniously. “Life means nothing to you?”
“Asks the criminal who’s holding a gun to my head,” I muttered back with hot sarcasm.
“Even though I’m forced to live like this, my life means a lot to me.” His tone was suddenly soft and, if I wasn’t not mistaken, wistful.
One of the men spoke before I could say anything else. “That’s it. We’re good to go.”
In union, both men released Kelsy and I and shoved us towards the stairway. “Good work girls. Now, you two are gonna leave with smiling faces like nothing happen. Just in case the men assigned to watch your ass are outside.” He waved the gun at me. “Once you leave, they’ll follow. Then we can leave quietly and undetected. No one getting hurt. No alarm raised. Capiche?”
“Will you take anything else from the house?” I asked. Tevin’s house was huge, abounded with valuables and a garage of cars and bikes. He was my friend, no, my brother—as much as it pained me to acknowledge such. But as rotten as he was, I loved him. It would be pleasing if these men didn’t clean him out entirely.
“No. We’re not paupers! What we have here is worth fifty times more than what Tevin cost us. Served him right,” he said. “Now get ya tight asses outta here!”
I glowered, wanting to say something nasty but Kelsy tugged at my hand and dragged me up the stairs. We tried to look as casual as possible as we exited the house. The news that I had guards who followed me around was unnerving. Oh, this has got to be the worst weekend of my life.
“I’ll drive,” I told Kelsy. She was still shell-shocked and shaky, and I feared she might send us crashing into a wall. I’ve escaped death twice in twenty-four hours and I might not be so lucky the third time around.
As I entered the car, I looked around for any suspicious-looking men or vehicles. Nothing. No one. Night had fallen and the evening was still and dark. Where were these men who were supposedly watching me hiding? Where was Natalio? And why would he still have me watched if he’s ‘moved on’?
Jeez. As soon I get my wits together, I was going to call him and demand my goddamn life back. How dare he!
Ha! Yeah right…
Putting the pedal to the metal, I sped off into the night, trying to convince myself that the inert Kelsy, whose head was slumped onto her shoulder, was asleep and hadn’t actually fainted.



Chapter Sixteen


“They’ve just left, Sir. Unscathed.”
“Those men are smart men,” he gritted out. “Get in. Disarm them. I’m a minute away.”
“Do you want us to drill them, Sir?”
“No. I want to know who really sent them, and they’ll only tell you whatever name comes to their lips. They see me, they’ll know better than to bullshit me.”
“Okay, Sir. On it.”
Natalio clicked off the call and looked out his window just in time to see Kelsy’s convertible zing past his Bentley in the opposite direction. She was driving, and his heart constricted at her weariness. As swift as the car had passed, he’d noticed her pallor; because when it came down to her, all his senses were sharp. She was that important to him.
That she even had to spend over a day in a stinking jail cell made him all the more irate. He’d warned her about Devon, but he guess he should’ve warned her about her own best friends, too.
A few weeks back, he’d gotten the heads up that there were plans to clip Tevin’s wings. The blasted idiot had painted a bull’s-eye on his forehead by bragging to the wrong people about his bunker. He’d never paid much attention to the news of Tevin’s inevitable culling, because he didn’t like backing druggies and he cared not that the numbskull was Sadie’s best friend. When he’d gotten a phone call that informed him of Sadie being embroiled in a police chase with Tevin, however, in that same hour, he was jetting out of Tokyo.
Upon landing a couple of hours ago, it came to his ears that the men’s plan to find Tevin’s bunker was being executed this night. By the time he was leaving Sergeant Smith’s office where he’d made his visit to redeem his favor of having Sadie released from that filthy jail cell, he was alerted that she and Kelsy were heading straight into the men’s hands.
He wouldn’t say he’d been worried, or panicked, or frantic. Maybe if it was just Kelsy. Because, though Sadie didn’t know it, she was known and respected by all toppers in LA. They see her, and they’d think twice about touching so much as a hair on her head.
It was known. She was Nelly’s.
Taking all the credit for her respect wouldn’t be fair. She’d earned it on her own. She’d spent the last six years being a don’s Donna. Of course, Cali D wasn’t in his strata, but he’d still been a don, for a while, at least. He couldn’t speak on behalf of their relationship aspect, but he knew her respect came from her die-heartedness and her loyalty. In the midst of his deals, chases and shoot outs, she was there.
What she didn’t know was that those natural characteristics were what every leader sought for in their women. And all had rated her for it. Nevertheless, Cali D was dead now. Which meant his rotting bones couldn’t have saved a single bone of hers from being broken. Thus, it all came down to the fact that she was Nelly’s. She’d been Nelly’s seven years ago, there was a hiatus with Cali D, but she still was Nelly’s and forever will be. Cali D was temporary, even his life was. You live your life fast and illegal, it automatically becomes a short-term life. There was no growing old in this shit.
As his driver careened onto Tevin’s complex and came to a brief halt at the facade of the unlawfully earned house, he dipped into his duffel bag and retrieved his disguising hat with attached hair. Not many people knew that Nelly was Natalio Nelson. It was a secret he’d fought to keep. For the majority, his identity was befitting to the description of blue eyes and fourteen-inch black hair, not the trimmed-hair billionaire that he really was. To maintain that image, he’d had this hat custom-made ever since his fourteen inches of hair had been cruelly trimmed. When he was to face criminals, he would simply pull on his hat. There was no telling the difference between Nelly back then and now.
He strapped on his foot weapon and attached his CZ 75 Matte to his belt. For him, weapons weren’t necessarily needed; he was confident enough in his status to know that none of these men would try anything dumb. Stepping from the car, he held up five fingers to his driver, Moore. It shouldn’t take him more than two minutes to get a name out of these klutzes, but five minutes was practical enough for Moore to send off an alarm, should anything go awry.
Firm, purposeful and determined feet jaunted into Tevin’s house, a house he was more than familiar with. The very night Sadie had told him that Devon had been shooting suspicious questions about Tevin, he’d sent his men to have this place under surveillance. He’d wanted to know what it was that Devon was after, so he’d had them set up cameras in the house, all to Tevin’s obliviousness. As a so-called gangster, Tevin didn’t seem to protect himself very well. Guess he thought of himself as invincible. Because just as his men had been in and out of this place as if they owned it, someone with wits parallel to his could’ve done the same. No wonder those men got in.
Despite all the trouble, though, he’d never uncover Tevin’s underground stack. So maybe the boy did have a bit of tidiness in him. Who would’ve thought it could only be located by a concentrated foot pattern? He had to nod his head once at such an ingenious move.
The sound of his heavy boots thudded off the laminate stairs as he descended down to the basement. There were five men, unmasked and on their knees with their heads bowed while his men held them captive. His eyes made one quick sweep around the sizeable basement, picking up the images of stacks upon stacks of cocaine, guns and ammunition, then landed back on the men.
“Heads up,” he commanded.
The men snapped their heads up in unison. There was utter quietness for a brief moment, and then came a string of swear words and self-beatings of “I knew this would happen.” Fear was etched on their faces most prominently, and their eyes pleaded for mercy.
“I swear, Nelly, we never harmed your girl. We had no idea she’d be here,” spoke the last man on the left.
“Who sent you?”
A hush came over them as they all traded glances, no doubt weighing if they should lie or not.
“Think well and clear about the consequences if you give me a false name,” he warned. There wasn’t much that he had to say to these guys, they were just minions of their sender. They were just following orders. And he knew well enough that some of them didn’t have a choice. He also knew that giving the right name of the sender could cost them their lives just as much as giving the wrong name would. But so far, as long as he’d been playing this game, he’d never been lied to.
He was Nelly.
And Nelly was the most feared and respected by all crooks in LA.
“Just tell him, T,” hissed one of the men.
The left end man stuttered it out. “D-D-De-Devon.”
That’s no surprise. He’d guessed it was Devon, but he’d wanted to know for sure. There was also the knowledge of Devon’s new activities, and he tried to calm his heart at how close she could have come to being kidnapped… “What were the plans?”
“Just to get the stacks,” one of them shot quickly. But when his colleague next to him elbowed his ribs, he added, “And…and kidnap Tev’s girl to sell to Mashan.”
“Is Mashan here in LA?”
“No. Devon is to deliver the girls to him next week.” The guy swallowed. “Nelly, we aren’t as stupid to even of think of doing that to your girl. When we saw her, the kidnapping plan was gone to hell, because we weren’t taking that risk. Please, we were just following orders.”
Natalio bit his lip from swearing as his hands fisted in his jacket pocket. Where the hell was Devon finding these girls so quickly? It had only been two weeks ago he’d busted Devon’s fifteen-girl trade, based on a tip he’d gotten. Unfortunately, Devon wasn’t at the location when Sergeant Smith had arrived and they’d only managed to save the girls.
This drug and human trafficking taking over the city was irking him no end. And he wanted to get rid of these monsters as best he could. He wouldn’t be hypocritical, because he had a lot of acquaintances scattered around the world who were dealing hands in the drug business. But he only kept those acquaintances because of their stances, so he could seek favors and cry on someone’s behalf when they needed a way out of such lifestyle. Believe it or not, many men were trapped in this shit. And the only way out was death. Whenever he came across wistful souls like those, he’d use his powers to help them out of it.
But men like Devon just pissed him the hell off. The greedy piece of shit kept jumping from one illegal boat to the next. This human trafficking biz had knocked him completely off his acquaintance list, and straight onto his shit list. He wanted to see that sonuvabitch jailed. For heartless monsters like Devon, death was too quick and easy. Taking away their freedom, which gave them no choice but to sit in a cage and have daily retrospections of all the cruelness they’d inflicted, while their conscience ate away at them, causing them to suffer internally each day, was much better punishment. This was why he’d made himself favored with the county’s security forces and lent aid in taking down these assholes whenever they got too heinous.
Without another word, he signaled his main man, Ruddy, and started up the basement stairs, Ruddy close behind him as he made long, powerful strides throughout Tevin’s ransacked house. When they’d reached outside, into the darkness of the night and standing by his Bentley, Ruddy made a malevolent curl of his lips as he asked, “What should we do with them, Sir? Dump them?”
Natalio almost winced at the man’s words. Ruddy was always eager to take a life, and such was not a characteristic of his. He wasn’t a fan of killing and blood-shedding, even though he was surrounded by people who reveled in such acts. You could say he was anti-murder, if such a term exists. “No, Ruddy. Nobody’s dying tonight,” he answered, sending his eyes heavenward. “Let them go with all the stacks. At least, let them think you’re letting them go. Put a tracker on their getaway vehicle, and then tip the cops on their location. Also, disconnect all the cameras in the house. Make sure team B gets to Devon’s place before I do. Let me know when it’s concluded.”
Ruddy rubbed his hands together and nodded a “Yes, boss.”
Natalio regarded his burly, shaven-headed main man with a sigh. He knew the man well enough to know that those orders wouldn’t be performed as smoothly as he’d spoken them. Ruddy, he was positive, would lay major damage on those men before releasing them. Ruddy didn’t play nice. If he didn’t see blood, his day wouldn’t be made.
As Ruddy headed off to do his blood-spilling, he dipped into the back of his Bentley, ripped off his hat and muttered “Devon” to his driver.

It was no surprise that Devon’s high gates were wide open when Moore slipped the car through them and pulled up next to a slick black Corvette that belonged to his buddy. His second team was overseen by that chum, Darren. It was a team that was rarely called on, but with much on hand tonight, everyone was on duty. There was no doubt Darren already had Devon just the way he wanted him: cowering.
As he exited the car, he had to shake his head at the gushing fountains and marble-tiled pillars of Devon’s Mediterranean-designed house, knowing that this posh lifestyle came from the suffering, blood-shedding and soul stealing of innocent people. If he could, legally, have a wrecking ball demolishing all these criminally earned homes, he would.
There was really no need for him to make this visit to Devon, he could’ve just had Darren take care of it. But he wanted Devon to see exactly who was about to drag him down from his high horse.
Before he could turn the door handle, Darren, dressed in a sharp gray suit with his thick auburn hair gelled back in a side-part style, swung it open and grinned at him. He bumped his best friend’s shoulder and slapped him a manly hug. “Where’s the asshole?”
“In here,” Darren answered, leading him into a spacious, leaf-green living area.
Sight caught hold of a half-dressed and trembling Devon seated, hands bound, on his sofa while two men had their guns holding him target. Devon glanced up as Natalio approached, recorded who it was, and swore, “Fuck.”
Natalio smoothly eased down in the sofa chair opposite to Devon and crossed his legs. “Hello, Dev.”
“Look, Nelson, you told me to stay away from your girl, and I did. My shit was with Tev. She was in jail, I had no idea she’d be there.”
Natalio gave a ‘tsk tsk’ as he steepled his hands under his chin. “But you didn’t stay away. Avoiding her meant that you were to avoid everyone in her proximity. Not culling and kidnapping her best friends.”
Devon’s eyes widened. He didn’t expect Natalio to have knowledge of his human trafficking, nor would he have imagined his men would’ve spilled so damn much. “I-I…not her, though…I would never hurt her. Despite what you think, I really liked her—” Devon snapped his mouth shut when he noticed Natalio’s face darkening. “I’m sorry…I never—who do you think called the cops on Tevin?”
Natalio lifted his brow in a way that silently told Devon to elaborate. He didn’t have much to say to the guy. In fact, he normally didn’t have to say much to people, his presence was unnerving enough. After all, he was who he was.
“Tevin was heading straight into a death trap,” Devon rushed out. “The delivery was a set-up for east men to get him where they wanted him. Nobody gives a shit if Tevin lives or die anymore, because everyone’s in a rat race for this underground stack he’s been yapping about. I doubt the dude’s even gonna make it outta jail alive, and if he does, he’ll be dead before the day’s end. You know he was in on Cali D’s murder with those Cubans, right?”
Natalio raised his brow higher this time at this man’s inane question. What didn’t he know? It was just a bit of info that he’d kept his mouth shut about for Sadie’s sake. Besides, the chap did him a favor in swiping the Italian shit out of Cali D.
Devon hurried on when he got the picture that this wasn’t a goddamn friendly conversation between them. “When I heard that Sadie was with him on his way to make the delivery, I had to stop it somehow. Those men who were after Tevin are trigger-happy youngsters who don’t yet know how this game works. Nor do they know who’s who. They would’ve killed her, Nelson. Of course, you would’ve gotten them back, but that wouldn’t have brought her back.”
Thankful to his well practiced display of impassivity, Devon, nor anyone else in the room could’ve detected the turmoil roiling inside him at the words “they would’ve killed her.”
They would’ve killed her…They would’ve killed her…They would’ve killed her.
Disliking the mood that those words had washed over him, he uncrossed his legs and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs. He needed to get this over with, and leave. If he didn’t get the hell out of there and receive some assurance from Ralph that Sadie was safe and sound, at least, he thought he might collapse. “So what, you expect me to thank you?”
Devon hung his head, tugging at his restraints, not daring to answer.
“Where are they, Dev?” he asked, skipping the middle and jumping to the end. Plans to torment Devon were now abridged. He wouldn’t be able to conduct such without word on Sadie’s safeness.
Devon eyed him warily. “They who?”
“The girls you’ve gleaned for trading to Mashan.”
Devon’s face crumpled in dread, his eyes expanding. “Nelson, please, don’t do this. Mashan will have my head if I don’t get these girls to him. Shit went askew with the last batch and my life is on the line. This trip to Russia has to be made by—”
“I don’t give a shit!!” Natalio barked. “Young girls, Dev? Really? You have a wife and two young daughters, for Christ’s sake! How would you like it if someone should kidnap your pretty, brown-haired, brown-eyed daughters and barter them to Russians? Those girls are living human beings who have their whole life ahead of them. They have families and friends who love them and are probably bawling their eyes out right now thinking that they’re dead!”
A look of embarrassment crossed Devon’s features, but Natalio’s patience candle had burned right out. In one swift move, he was on his feet and stalking out the house. The dirty job of torturing for information wasn’t his.
“Nelson? Nelson, where you going? I don’t trust these guys, Nelson!!” Devon hollered in plea.
Natalio was, the majority of the time, a man of leniency. It’s one of the prime reasons why he was most revered. Sensible people knew that it was cowards who killed on a whiff. And that it was shrewd, firm men who left you on the rope for you to hang yourself. No one ever understood his contrary and enigmatic persona, so to be safe, they tried to stay on his good side. Because one never knew what Nelly would do.
For this reason, Devon howled for his life. Devon knew that with Natalio present, there were definite chances of getting off the hook easily. Leaving him with his men, however, was never a good sign. Because, in his absence, his men did whatever they pleased.
At that moment, Natalio could care less. He was done for the night. He’d asked Devon once and the man chose to keep sealed lips. Asking a second time wasn’t his style. He never asked anything twice. Therefore, Natalio didn’t so much as glance back as Devon bellowed for his return.
When he exited the house, Natalio, rubbing his forehead at an emergent headache, turned to Darren who’d been sticking closely to his heels. “Get it out of him. When you learn where these girls are being held hostage, put Sergeant Smith on it. Don’t get in the way. I don’t want you in any more shit, D. I want you to remain clean.”
Slick and smooth in his suit and gelled hair, Darren nodded in understanding. Apart from his brothers, Darren was the only man he could trust. Hell, he essentially considered the man as his brother. “What about his wife and daughters who’re to be here soon? I wouldn’t want them walking in on—”
“A flat tire has rendered them a missed flight. So you don’t have to worry about them coming in tonight.”
Darren nodded again, then eyed him with concern. “You okay, Nel?”
What kind of stupid ass question is that? “Of course I’m not goddamn okay. She doesn’t want me anymore and there isn’t a flipping thing that I, my money or my status can do about that! That night lent all of us pain. But seven years later, I’m the only one who’s still suffering.” Turning on his heels, he flounced off in a fit of pique, leaving a worried Darren staring after him from the doorway. He folded into the back seat of his car and slammed the door shut.
To Moore, he ordered, “Dial Ralph.”
Moore did as told, and seconds later, Ralph’s disembodied voice came over the car speakers. “Boss.”
“Where is she? Is she safe?” The agitation in his voice couldn’t have been omitted even if he tried.
“Yes, Sir. There was a bit of a pass out due to exhaustion, I’m sure. But they’re inside the apartment now and safe.”
A rush of hoarded breath gushed through his nostrils and he instantly relaxed. He’d barely managed to get the word “Okay” out.
“Anything else, Sir?”
“No, that’s all.”
As soon as the call with Ralph ended, he instructed Moore to take him home. Dropping his head back on the leather headrest, he closed his eyes, trying to fight the sense of powerlessness that had descended upon him. Apart from his brutish father, she, Sadie Elizabene Francé, was the only living human that made him, Natalio Nellandi Nelson, seem weak and defenseless…



Chapter Seventeen


Nelly careened his Chrysler 300 onto 3rd Street and cruised to a slow stop at her gate, while dialing her number on his cell with one hand. All he said when her soft, virginal voice answered was “outside” then he hung up. Buju Banton’s rugged voice chanted Make My Day in his ears. He quickly ejected his favorite reggae artist, nevertheless, and shuffled in the glove compartment for Pink’s album. He didn’t care for the freakish, pink-haired woman’s music, but she loved her music, and he’d made it incumbent upon himself to make her smile in whatever way he could.
After slipping in the CD, he sat back and turned his eyes to the shabby, grassless, gardenless yard. The small, crooked bungalow looked as if it hadn’t been painted in over a decade, because he could never tell exactly what color it was. Broken chunks of stones led up to the porch, and only about three of the wooden steps seemed safe enough to walk on; he’d always noticed that she hopped over them when she exited the house.
It pained him to the core that she had to live in the decrepit thing, but what could he do when she was only seventeen? His wait for her eighteenth birthday to come was an impatient one. God, the life he wanted to give her. The love he wanted to give her. She probably resented her state each day. Not knowing that she was already wealthy. He was a young millionaire on the rise, and everything that was his, was hers. That bit she didn’t yet know. But she would know. Soon.
Most people would say that he was too young to know if he was in love or not. They’d say it’s just infatuation and that it will pass soon. They’d say it’s teenage affair, summer love, young fling. As much as his father would disagree, he knew he was in love. At his age, he’d been with oodles of girls. The beautiful and the ugly. The fake and the ‘real’. Blondes, brunettes and redheads. Hispanics, Italians, French. You name it, he’d had them all.
But never in his time had he laid his eyes on a girl once, just once, and fallen in love on spot. The way his heart had constricted, his palms had grown instantaneously sweaty, his hairs had stood upright on his skin, he’d just known. With every string of his heart, he’d known that she was the girl. And he was resolute that he had to have her, and that he’d allow nothing to encumber him. Not even his father.
The domineering brute had absolutely no idea he was hanging out on this side of LA. If that sucker found out, he would never see this side of town again. To keep his secret, he worked harder and longer during the week so that he could have the weekends to play in LA; using his brother’s real estate business in the west as cover-up. Because that man he called ‘father’, he feared him no end.
As his heart was wonted to do when his eyes caught sight of her, it skipped a beat. With her abundance of long, wild curls billowing down her shoulders, she was dressed in a yellow sundress, that revealed far too much of her cleavage, and strappy white sandals. A bright smile was plastered on her face as she skipped down the steps and headed straight for his car, her smooth, sun-kissed complexion glowed, making her as radiant as the sun that shone above.
She was his. His.
Theresa, her mother, walked out on the porch and waved at him in the same time Sadie opened the car door and slinked in. With a honk of his horn, he waved back, then turned his eyes back to his heart, who was concentrating on buckling her seat belt. When the belt clicked in place, she lifted her face to his with a smile that instantly melted when she saw that he was scowling at her.
“What? What did I do?”
His eyes lowered to her breasts that were pushed up in the V-cut dress. “Your mother couldn’t have pointed out that that dress is showing off too much of your cleavage?”
Frowning, she looked down at her dress then back at him. “Nothing’s wrong with my dress, Nelly. As a matter of fact, my mother made this dress for me.”
“I like the dress, but I don’t. You’re a maid. So dress like one. Not like this, skipping around showing your delicate, intimate swells to everyone.”
She quirked her lips and tilted her head to the side, which had him biting down on his lip to hide a smile, because he always adored it when she made that cute face. “Seriously, dude, how old are you? You sound like a grandfather.”
“Old enough to know that you’re showing too much skin for your age…”
Sadie’s cheeks reddened, her nostrils flaring as she narrowed her eyes at him. He had precise knowledge of what her next words would be. Protecting what’s his was all he ever tried to do, but she only saw it as ‘treating her like a child.’ “I’m not a goddamn saint and I’m not a goddamn child! So stop treating me like one! And I’m not changing if that’s what you’re intimating. This is what I want to wear, so this is what I’m wearing. If you have a problem with that, then you’re free to go and scoop up one of those desperate whores that keep chasing your insipid ass!”
His brow arched up, “Insipid?”
Keeping her stubborn eyes on him, she crossed her arms. “That’s what I said. Insipid. I’m not changing.”
Injecting as much sternness in his stare, he held her gaze. But he knew she was as stubborn as a horse and could hold his gaze as long as he could he hold hers. Hence, knowing a stare off would get him nowhere, he turned and shifted the gear in drive, pulling the car away from the curb. “Have it your way, Sadie.”
He crept down the streets of the lively neighborhood he’d grown to love. Busy-bodied residents roamed the streets, men gambling on the corners, women gossiping in their yards, flirts tossing and short skirts swaying…
“Why the long way?” Sadie asked when she noticed that he was driving straight ahead instead of making a U-turn which was a more expeditious route to the main street. Going straight ahead would have him turning through all the streets just to get on the main.
“Because that’s what insipid guys do, they take the long way,” he dourly responded. Telling her his real reason was out of the question. That he was driving the longer route to prevent her from seeing her degenerate of a father who was barefacedly jacking up his blonde mistress on a column just three blocks away. He knew if she saw that scene, it would ruin her day. The man sickened him.
Ignoring his rotten answer with a sigh, she withdrew her cell phone from her handbag and started texting; her slim, undefiled fingers sweeping gently over the keypad. He had to tighten his twitching hands around the steering wheel to stop himself from grabbing the damn thing and tossing it out the window. When she was around him, all her attention belonged to him, and he wasn’t getting it. But he knew that would only fire up another argument, and he could only afford one squabble at a time. An upset Sadie wasn’t easy to cajole, so he knew when to keep his mouth shut. Who was she texting anyway? The blood beneath his epidermis simmered, forcing him to take a deep breath in the effort of calming down.
His indignation was mitigated when she slipped her phone back inside her handbag, but spiked up again when she turned her head and directed her gaze out the window. Again, he wasn’t getting her attention, he thought, just as his cell phone buzzed in his pocket. Steering the car with one hand, he dipped his free hand inside his pocket and withdrew his phone, and a smile tugged at his lips when he saw that it was a text message from her. His eyes darted over to her, but she still kept her gaze out the window, her fingers fiddling with the straps of her bag. He opened the text:

Babe,
Happy Birthday.
It should’ve been the first thing I said to you, but your pugnacious character had to pick a fight with me.
Anyway, you know if the world was mine, I would place it at your feet.
But as I am, I can only offer you myself. I hope my company is worthy enough to make your birthday a pleasurable one.
X
P.S. You are anything BUT insipid. Sapid is the correct description of you…and palatable, and stimulating, and savory, and fascinating, and delectable…the list is endless, baby.

On a smile, he slipped his cell back into his pocket, then his hand reached across and found hers. Lacing their fingers together, he squeezed her hand, prompting her to look at him. The swells on her chest heaved as she took a breath before turning to face him. Captivating cognac-browns, shadowed with superbly long lashes, peered at him with utter passivity.
She was his.
“Sadie, there’s no other being in this world that is worthy of bringing me pleasures, but you. You were made for me. Designed by the hands of a higher being to make not just my birthday, but my entire life, a pleasurable one. I love you.”
Her eyes glossed over but she immediately closed them and sighed, bringing their joined hands up to her delicate cheek. He tried to ignore the disappointing sting that he always got whenever she didn’t return the words. He knew she loved him. The look in her eyes said it all. But she would never say the words, and he wanted her to say them. To discharge of her cynicism and fears, and just trust him. Trust his words and trust his love.
Seeing the broken family that she emerged from, he knew trust was difficult for her. But he would never be able to feel like she was his, wholly and completely, if he didn’t have her trust, if he didn’t hear her love as well as he could feel and see it. He wanted all of her.
A familiar figure walked out in the street, gesturing for him to stop. He couldn’t put a name to the face, but he knew it was someone hailing. As he pulled up next to the man, Sadie opened her eyes, checking why he was stopping, then gave an irritated sigh and sat back in her seat. He powered down his car window and looked at the guy expectedly.
“Whatcha’ sayin’, Nelly? How you do?” asked the stout Mexican, while bending and waving to Sadie who returned a fake smile.
Nelly smiled good-naturedly, knowing what was coming next. In fact, his hand was already making its way to his pocket. “I’m good. You?”
The guy scratched his forehead and then his ears. “Well, ah, not so good. I got a booklist for ma’ little girl, and I could only manage to buy just two from the list. You know, she’s missing out on a lot without ‘em books and stuff. I was wondering if—”
“This should help,” Nelly said, handing the guy five one hundred dollar bills. He’d been peeling off the cash whilst the guy scratched and fidgeted with his winding story.
The guy’s eyes smiled when he saw the bills and so did his lips. Taking the cash, he clasped Nelly’s hand tight. “Thank you. Thank you so much.”
Nelly nodded and drove off, side-eyeing Sadie who was shaking her head as he stared out the window. “What are you so miffed about?”
She was snappish. “You know they don’t annoy the politicians this much when they come around?”
“Maybe that’s because the politicians only give them empty promises instead of substance?”
Sadie rolled her eyes and he smiled. That was another cuteness of hers that he liked. “They’re annoying!”
Before he could answer, a fair youth stepped out in the street, signaling for him to stop. Sadie threw her hands up and scoffed, which only made him smile as he powered down the window. This youth’s story was that his mother’s medications were out and funds to restock were non-existent, which meant his mother was growing weaker each day. After handing the youth a reasonable amount of cash and gassing off, he addressed, “It’s not easy for them to ask, Sadie. They ask because they really need it.”
“I wouldn’t. I’d rather suffer,” she muttered.
“That’s because you’re full of pride. And it’s easy for you to say that now when you’re young and free of responsibilities. Pride doesn’t befriend the suffering man; the man who has not only to feed himself, but others. They don’t care who they ask, they just ask with the faith that they’ll receive.”
Nothing about helping others annoyed him. On the contrary, it gave him peace knowing that he could, in one way or another, lend a helping hand to those who needed it. Especially at his age. What little he gave away was chicken feed to him and his family. The thousands of dollars that they spent on simple pieces of jewelry, pieces of clothing or any inconsequential fad that was all for show, was sometimes ridiculous.
He was born rich. For him, wealth wasn’t a choice or a position he could deny. It was like being born into a royal family. Or as the heir to a throne, where even if you didn’t want to, you had to assume the position of that throne and become King once the sire died. A lot of people have sobering stories about the hardship of their journey to prosperity, but some were just born into it.
Nevertheless, he was thankful for his fortunate state. He was blessed, and he enjoyed being blessed. You’ll never hear a rich man wish that he wasn’t rich. And even if such a man did get emotionally caught up in the moment and yammered such gibberish, there’s no doubt that he’d be retracting that statement in the morning. The advantages of wealth far outweighed the disadvantages.
Sadie did that quirked lip, tilted head thing again as she looked up at him. “Again, I ask, how old are you?”
A chuckle was all he could afford as he leaned over and smacked her a kiss. Sweet sins, he loved her.
Nelly lay sprawled and shirtless on the gray L-shaped sofa in his rented flat as he watched Scarface on the flat-screen television—well, actually, he was pretending to watch the television. On the real, he was surreptitiously watching Sadie as she puttered about in the kitchen balancing a cookbook in one hand as she tried to bake him a cake. He knew she had no idea what she was doing, and when he offered to help, she shooed him away. His fiery little missy was hell-bent on getting that cake baked. And he was enjoying watching her making a flustered mess of herself.
When he’d picked her up earlier, his plan was to grab something to eat, then take her shopping on Robertson Boulevard and later see a movie. Of course, her selection for food was pepperoni pizza—she was a pizza maniac. But as soon as they’d finished at the pizzeria and he’d mentioned what the next move was, she’d began whining that it was his birthday and she wouldn’t feel comfortable taking from him on his day. That she wanted to do something for him, like baking a cake. At first he’d been piqued, and tried to convince her otherwise, because she always, always seemed to find a reason not to take stuff from him, and all he wanted to do was give her the world. But she wasn’t having it.
Sometimes he had to remind himself that this was Sadie Francé he was dealing with, and not those uppity, fake-nosed, Barbie doll rich brats that his father deemed worthy of him. Those chicks that spoke only of the latest brands, the next new car, the current hip restaurant or club et al. Sadie, on the other hand, was real. All of her. She had a dream, she had a passion, she had a direction. And he could see that those dreams were what she held onto, with unyielding hopes.
Though she had no reason to be, due to her state, she was prideful. It wasn’t attractive…but, in some ways, it was.
Many a time he’d wished he could read what was going on in that beautiful head of hers. What she thought of him. What she thought of them as a couple. What she envisioned their future to be. Did she believe, like he strongly did, that they’d be together till death? Or did she merely view him as a teenage crush? Did she know, like he indubitably knew, that she was the one? Or did she hold the expectation of him leaving her one day for someone else?
Reading Sadie wasn’t simple. Often times she’d just shut down, the wheels churning in her head, and he’d drive himself barmy trying to figure things out.
To the cake baking suggestion, he’d capitulated. They’d fetched the ingredients along with a cookbook and headed back to his flat. Now he took entertainment in watching her as she stirred the batter in a large stainless steel bowl, flour spots on her nose and forehead. She’d changed from her sundress and into one of his white T’s and boxers, her mass of curls pulled back with a hair tie, revealing that long, graceful neck he loved so much. He wanted to run his tongue all over it, sucking gently on her smooth, soft skin, leaving behind a mark that would identify her as his…
The feeling he had as he watched her in his kitchen, in his clothes, wasn’t a feeling he could fathom. The emotion he had at the moment was far more powerful than ‘love’. Love, however, was the strongest word out there to describe his feelings, so he had no choice but to call it love. The intense, burning, searing feeling, he also knew was insalubrious. As young as he was, this, too, he most assuredly knew: he wanted to marry her.
A ding of the doorbell pulled him from his emotional thoughts. Sadie was deep in her mixing, her pink tongue tipping over her lower lip, her brows furrowing as she concentrated on the contents in the bowl. Jumping to his feet, he tugged his ball cap backwards on his head as he went to answer the door. A sigh of frustration rushed through him when he opened the door to find Tanya gazing up at him under her lashes with a sultry smile and a gift box in her hand. Dressed in a very short, very tight red dress and make-up galore, she was much too glamorized for this hour of the day.
“Darren’s not here,” he said before she could speak.
When he made to close the door, she stopped it with her free hand and rolled her eyes. “I’m here to see you, silly.” Holding the gift out to him, she lilted, “Happy Birthday.”
Glancing at the neatly wrapped, gift box in her hand, he could predict that in it was either a framed picture of herself or a stack of nude ones. Most girls were so conceited that the only gift they could think to give a guy was pictures of themselves. Very rarely did he receive a gift of something he was actually interested in. “You know I can’t accept that.”
Taking a step closer to him, Tanya pouted her glossed lips. “Why not?”
“Because Sadie will have my balls, that’s why.”
She took another step closer, placed a hand on his bare chest, and whispered, “She doesn’t have to know. Let me in, Nelly. I can do things to you that that inexperienced child can’t.” Before he could stop her, she licked her tongue across his bare chest. “No one has to know anything. Neither her nor Darren. It’ll be our secret.”
Grabbing her arm, he flung her back. “She will know because she’s here. And I wouldn’t lie to her. I’m hers. I’m not up for—”
The door ripped from his grip as Sadie squeezed her way past him. Stopping to face Tanya she hissed, “I was here. Now I’m leaving. He’s free. Give him the birthday gift that I couldn’t,” and trotted off.
Shit.
Nelly shoved Tanya out of the way and ran the distance to grab Sadie around her waist. Lifting her combating body off the ground, he turned and headed back to his flat, ducking his head to shield from the blows of her flailing arms. Tanya stood at his doorway with smug smile and he shot her a death glare and barked, “Leave, Tanya!”
Stepping across his threshold, he kicked the door shut as he tried to control a screaming, skirmishing Sadie. “Chill out, babe.”
“Don’t you dare tell me to chill out, you…you…” she screamed. “Let me go! I hate you!”
Ignoring her rants, he carried her back into the kitchen and set her down on the counter, forcing his body between her thighs and wrapping his arms in an inescapable lock around her. Sadie dug her fingernails in the skin of his shoulders, tugged hard on his braids, bit into his flesh… As painful as her abuses were, he pretended not to feel a thing. Eventually, she gave up fighting, folded her arms and spat, “I hate you.”
Looking straight into her eyes, which were saying the complete opposite of hate, he demanded to know, “Why do you hate me?”
She broke eye contact with him and began fingering her long curls. “Because if I wasn’t here, you would’ve…you would’ve…”
Unlocking his hands from around her waist, he brought them to cup her face. “I wouldn’t have done anything, Sadie. What part of ‘I’m yours’ don’t you understand?”
“I…but…I don’t know how…” she stuttered. “She’s right, Nelly. She’s better for you. She’s older and experienced. I’m not. I can’t even bake you a damn cake.”
“Who says that’s what I’m looking for? What I’m looking for is right here in my arms. In my eyes, you aren’t lacking. You’re just perfect. For me. You’re mine, baby. Mine. I love you.”
Nelly turned to the cake batter on the counter, dipped his finger inside and licked it off. “Tastes just fine to me. All you need to do is pour it in the baking pan, toss it in the oven and walla! You’ve baked me a cake. You. “
She giggled, and the sound was amazing to his ears. But just as soon, that sound was gone as her face became clouded and troubled. She opened her mouth as if to say something then closed it, shaking her head against her thought.

“What is it?”
Twining the ends of his braids around her fingers, she whispered, “We’re young, Nelly. So young. Do you think you’ll still feel the same way about me in a couple of years from now? It’s…it’s what I’m most frightened of. That this won’t be…eternal. “
Nelly hugged her tight around her slim, delicate frame, and buried his face in the crook of her neck. “My love for you is eternal. I’ll never stop loving you, Sadie. Ever.”
He thought he heard a sob escape her, but he didn’t check to be sure. He was too caught up in squeezing the life out of her, as if she would just poof and disappear at any minute. While he could control many things, here and now, he had no control over the future. And she’d now planted in his mind that there might possibly be a future without her.
Helpless and powerless was how he felt at that moment. And the factual thought came to him that, apart from his controlling father, she, Sadie Elizabene Francé, was the only living person who could make him, Natalio Nellandi Nelson, feel feeble and vulnerable.
He may not know a lot of things at his age, but he knew with utter certainty that he would never stop loving her…

The constant buzzing of Natalio’s cell phone against his thigh hauled him out of his memories. He withdrew the phone from his pocket to see a few missed calls from his new assistant Tiffany. These calls, he knew, had nothing to do with business. He cleared them and opened her text message that read:
Guess what I’m wearing?
He could guess, of course: nothing. To humor himself, he text back:
What?
And as he predicted, her answering text was:
Nothing. x
He ignored the message and directed his gaze out the car window as it sped along the streets. The lights of illuminated buildings and passing cars intermittently slipped through the car’s darkness.
He’d known he shouldn’t have shoved his dick inside Tiffany’s mouth the other day. But he was only trying to prove to himself that he wasn’t dead, seeing that he’d been feeling like a lifeless man ever since Sadie walked out on him. Now Tiffany was being a nuisance, which meant he just might have to fire another assistant. Another incoming text sent his phone abuzz:

You were so big inside my mouth. Your taste was heavenly.
I can’t wait to feel you inside me.
Come see me tonight. I’m wet and waiting…

On a grunt, he set his phone on silent mode and slid it back inside his pocket. It’d been almost six weeks since Sadie left him and as the days went by, his hopes of her coming back to him seemed bleaker and bleaker. He could easily force her to be with him. Barge in on her, be a domineering sonuvabitch and take over her life. It wasn’t hard. But he wanted her to want to be with him as much as he wanted to be with her.
If she could effortlessly live on without him, or even a thought of him, then maybe what they had was unilateral. Maybe it wasn’t what they had, but what he had. He just might have to let go of all this and live on. She certainly has.
Should she ever try to come back, though, he’d make it tough for her. She’d have to fight. He’d test her love for him. He’d never allow her to just run back into his arms after all this pain.
However, he wouldn’t be brainless enough to not take her back. She was his lifeline, and there was absolutely no happiness without her. She was that strong, beautiful, blooming tree, and he was that clinging epiphyte.
He needed her to survive.



Chapter Eighteen


Distant mumblings beckoned me from the darkness. The darkness was comforting, relaxing and uncomplicated because there was nothing to see, hence, nothing to fear. Away with the light, away with the voices, please just let me sleep. As if they’d been granted independence, my eyes fluttered open. I groaned, and here approached an unwelcomed headache—a little red devil with a sledgehammer in hand.
Casting glances around my environment, I took note that I was in my bedroom, and that it was morning. Kelsy was sprawled next to me asleep, with white lines of dried saliva on her cheek. I sat up in bed and the little devil with the hammer in my head began pounding harder. A couple of aspirins would subdue this fiend, I was sure. Preferably some soporific aspirins that would send me right back into the darkness of sleep. Sluggishly, I rose from the bed and ambled out my room and down the hall.
Two heads and four eyes turned to look at me when I entered the living area.
“Oh thank goodness, you’re awake,” Brenda said through a relieving sigh. She was in Hello Kitty pajamas and cradling a large, black mug of coffee. Her brother, Tommy, sat next to her on the sofa looking equally worried.
Tommy was a nice chunk of a guy. Tall, dark and handsome; the typical. And he was implicitly, one hundred percent, head over heels in lust with me. The feeling was not at all mutual. Handsome he was, to die for, yes, but he had never sent my heart sprinting before. Besides, Brenda was explicit about her disdain of Tommy and I ever hooking up.
“What the hell happened?” Brenda demanded.
Another hard blow from the hammering devil in my head prompted my legs to move towards the kitchen. “What do you mean?”
Brenda stared at me as if I’d grown a third eye. “Sadie, I found you and Kelsy passed out last night.”
I frowned, and even that hurt. After swallowing two aspirins and emptying a tall glass of water, snaps of yesterday’s events came hobbling in. But the last thing I remember was driving home with a torpid Kelsy. I had no memory of how we ended up in bed. Did I pass out, too?
Yes dummy, that’s what Brenda just said.
“Where?” I asked.
“In Kelsy’s car outside. Tommy had just come over to help me with my paper when we heard the continuum of a car horn. We rushed outside and found both of you passed out in the car; your head was resting face down on the horn.”
Shit. “Crashed?”
“No. The gear was in Park. So I suppose you passed out after.”
“What happened? Were you two drugged?” asked Tommy, the fledgling lawyer.
“Maybe. Because I can’t remember anything,” I prevaricated.
Brenda sighed noisily. “We were going to take you to the hospital but then you woke up for about five minutes, moaning about how hungry you were and at the same time laughing like an idiot. And Kelsy, she cried in her sleep all night about cocaine and dying and Tevin. A whole bunch of nonsense.”
I can’t believe I’d passed out, too. Lack of food and sleep, I guess. Enervation from all those dramatic, surprising and heart-pounding events. It was a miracle I haven’t died of a weakened heart. Miracle I was even awake. “I’m not sure what happened. I’m just glad I’m still alive.” Liar.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Tommy asked in his serious lawyer tone.
No, I wasn’t about to tell these two anything. Especially Brenda, I didn’t trust her. Besides, the nature of what happened was nothing to tell. Tight-lipped I remained.
“Being at a bar. Having one too many drinks,” I shrugged.
Brenda eyed me distrustfully. “You’re in the same clothes you left for work in on Thursday morning. You didn’t come home since then. Which means you skipped work yesterday. Spill it.”
I schooled my face into impassivity. “Maybe we were kidnapped and screwed into oblivion. Then they decided not to kill us and left our senseless bodies outside to be found. What else could it be? I told you, I don’t remember squat shit. Thanks for helping us in. Now lay off.”
Brenda rolled her eyes. “You’re incorrigible, Sadie!”
Tommy walked over to me, wrapped a solicitous arm around my shoulders and led me to the sofa. “How are you feeling?”
“Fine. Just peeved at the slow subsidence of this brutal headache.”
He gazed at me with passionate dark eyes for a while, then brushed his thumb over my cheek. “I’ll make you some coffee.”
I allowed myself the indulgence of a smile as he strode off with servility to the kitchen. Oh, Tommy Boy. His feelings for me were perpetual. “Thanks.”
Brenda scoffed in contempt as she got up and followed Tommy over to the kitchen.”Give it up, Tommy. Sadie’s sleeping with billionaires now.”
The clamor of falling utensils in the kitchen told me that Tommy was not pleased with that news. “Is she now?”
“Yes,” Brenda smirked. Settling her butt on a stool at the breakfast bar, she began flipping through the day’s newspaper while sipping her coffee. “CEO of ENEN.”
I fixed glowering eyes at her. “That’s why you got a bloody cheese for a gift. You have a gargantuan beak!”
Brenda snapped her mouth shut, mortified. And it was my turn to smirk.
“That true, Sadie?” Tommy asked, and I could tell his indifference was being labored for.
“Spurious.”
He turned his narrowed gaze to Brenda, “Why would you say that, then?”
“Because it’s true,” Brenda defended. “Or was. The bad-boy billionaire was here in my house, sticking his tongue down her throat. They were dating, Thomas. I’m not lying.”
“Finally. You’ve used the right word,” I droned from where I lounged on the sofa. “Were.”
Tommy strode over, handing me a mug of coffee. “You were dating a Nelson?”
I took the mug. “Briefly.”
He reseated himself next to me. “So what happened?”
“Oh, you know,” I shrugged. “The rich and the poor don’t blend well. They always end up with their own their kind.”
Please, can we stop talking about him?
Heaven knows, I missed him. Loved him. Wanted him right here with me to comfort me and warrant that everything would be alright. That he was here to stay and wouldn’t ever leave again. Oh God, why did I push him away? Why didn’t I listen to what he had to say? I bit my lip, quelling the sudden urge to call him and beg him to come back to me. It was my turn to burn in hell. Pride was one of the seven deadly sins, and it’s the sin I was most guilty of.
Tommy leaned closer. “You know I fancy you. Think you to be one of the sexiest women I’ve ever seen. But you’re so damn hard to get through to. And so irritatingly cute with that ‘whatever’ personality of yours. I find it a heady blend.” Tommy’s gaze darkened. “I want you, Sadie. Badly.”
I sipped my coffee. “Yeah. I know. You’ve been telling me that for a few years now.”
“So won’t you give us a try?”
“It doesn’t matter to you that I might have been kidnapped and raped by over a dozen men? My vajayjay must be as wide as a martini glass now. Leather skinned with no grip whatsoever. No tightness. Oh, Tommy, you wouldn’t want that.” I bit the inside of my cheeks, failing to repress my laughter at the horrified expression on Tommy’s face.
“That didn’t happen,” he said in a soft tone, trying to convince himself.
My shoulders jerked in a shrug. “Maybe. Maybe not. I told you, I can’t remember. Anything could have happened, even worse than that.” I tried my damnedest to sound serious, reveling in the myriad of expressions racing across Tommy’s face. That ought to keep his libidinous pursuits at bay.
The sound of Kelsy’s voice jerked both our heads around. “Sas’ Christ, why do I feel like a newborn baby who’d been locked up in a bloody womb for nine months? I feel damned miserable and mushed. Someone please slap me on my ass.”
I giggled. It was good to see my friend awake and back to her old self. Last time I saw a conscious Kelsy, she was wide-eyed, speech-impeded and blanched. Abandoning my mug on the coffee table, I opened my arms to her. “Come here biatch, give me a kiss.”
“Am I allowed French?”
With an ears-wide grin, I nodded. “Oh, hell yeah!”
Kelsy leaped into my arms and we landed on the floor rolling and giggling like two teenagers while Tommy looked on in amusement. Brenda appeared in the periphery of my vision with her hands planted on her hips, jabbering about being sure not to break anything with our childish gamboling. But Kelsy and I were in our own world, laughing like there was no tomorrow, as if we had no problems in the world. Not because we were senseless idiots but because of all that happened in the last forty eighty hours. It was too much to remain serious and worried about. Too much to even talk about. So we just laughed. Hard, cathartic, bubbling laughs until our bodies were once again back to normal, relieved of stress. Relaxed.
“I love you, biatch,” she giggled.
“I love you, too, sis.”

Deep in contemplation, I flipped my Blackberry over and over in my palm. The salty sea breeze caressed my skin as I pleasured my eyes with the beautiful marina view from the balcony of Kelsy’s apartment at Esprit. Queues of yachts and boats sat unsteadily on the perpetually moving blue water. It’s amazing here. I hadn’t told Kelsy that I was gifted an apartment a few feet away from hers. She would only try coaxing me into taking it since I’d refused to move in with her.
I’d packed my materials, sketches and needed implements and decided on spending the rest of my weekend here with Kelsy so I could focus on completing a few pieces for the bidding on Monday. Getting such tasks done back at my residence had proved to be impossible with Brenda’s constant prying and Tommy’s relentless pursuit. They’re an annoying pair.
But focus still didn’t come in full force as I’d expected, because my independent mind kept wandering off with thoughts of Natalio. And with each thought of him a part of me sank. No longer could I resist the love that I have for him. No longer could I fool myself that I could move on from him. No longer could I bear this sequestration. I wanted him back. I wanted him to come after me again so I could say yes. I wanted him to call, to text, to email me and I wouldn’t ignore them this time. I promise I wouldn’t.
But I knew he wouldn’t do any of the above. Because he’d promised me he wouldn’t. And I had felt the finality in his letter. I knew it was the end.
I didn’t want it to be, though.
Incorrigible, fractious, obstinate, prideful, pig-headed and unrepentant are a few of the words that teeth and tongues have used to describe me. And I have never believed in chasing or begging. Have never done so. ‘I’d rather die before that happens’ was what I’d always say. But now I had an urge that I couldn’t repel, to go against my own rules and call Natalio. Beg him to come back to me. Because I loved him. The feelings for him that my mind had forgotten for seven years, were right there, living and dwelling inside my heart. It had never left. He had left. The memories had left. But my love hadn’t.
All my fears over the years of not wanting to put myself out there to fall in love with anyone were now understood. It wasn’t fear of not wanting to fall in love. It was because I couldn’t fall in love with another. Because I already belonged to someone. And my heart was waiting on my mind to remember that.
But did he still love me?
Will it be too late?
“Called him yet?” Kelsy walked out on the balcony in a fluffy pink robe, her dark hair damp from her shower and her green eyes traced with sadness. I knew she was worrying over Tevin.
“Don’t have the balls,” I muttered.
She smiled. “Yeah. I know how sniffy you can be. But if you love him, you should let him know. Nothing’s wrong with being vulnerable with the one you love. Love calls for vulnerability, openness and truths. Not pride and shutters and pretenses of indifference. Real love has no lies, no masks, no secrets. It’s just you and that person, bare, from flesh to soul. With real love, it’s no longer bodies that you two share, but souls. Because the eyes have seen past all the fleshly flaws, and directly to the spirit, it’s no longer about tangibility. But that intangible feeling…that feeling that tells you: This is love.” Kelsy paused to wipe a drop of a tear that fell from her eye. “Makes no sense you keep punishing yourself like this. Call him.”
I nodded, not really wanting talk about this. Not only was it making me emotional, it was reminding her of what she had with Tevin. A thing, called love, that might possibly come to an end. “You okay?”
“I’m anything but. Just tryna decide if leaving Tev would be better for me or not,” her voice broke. “I love him so much. But what happened last night…” Tears strolled down her face.
“I know how you feel, Kels. I’ve been there. We know what’s right but the wrong feels better. Don’t worry about it. Just give it few days and when your mind is all clear and relaxed you’ll know what decision to make. Besides, Tev won’t be getting out anytime soon. I’m gonna visit him on Tuesday and find out how things are looking.”
She slashed her tears away. “I need a run. Going to the gym downstairs. Coming?”
I shook my head, “Nah. I still have a shit load of pieces to put together for the bidding.”
Kelsy nodded and walked back into the apartment.
Taking a deep breath, I steeled myself and dialed Natalio. A woman answered on the second ring with a smooth, clear voice. “Natalio Nelson’s line, Tiffany Forbes speaking.”
Who’s Tiffany? I wasn’t expecting anyone to answer his cell phone.
“Hello?” the woman prompted.
“Um, pleasant good afternoon, Miss Forbes. I’d like to speak with Natalio, please.”
“Mr. Nelson is in a meeting at the moment. Would you like to leave a message?”
“Uh, yes. Tell him Sadie phoned. Sadie Francé.”
“Okay, will do Miss Sadi—” her eloquent speech stopped short. “Sadie Francé, you say?” And I think I sensed contempt in her tone.
“Yes.”
“Fine. I’ll be sure he gets your message,” she bit out. And the line went dead.
I stared at my Blackberry in bewilderment. That was not what I expected at all. Shrugging it off, I noted the immediate lightness of my spirit. I’d made the call. Progress. Would Natalio be happy that I called? I could only hope.

With the expectation of a returned call from Natalio later, I went inside and resumed my work. Much better focused.
Three hours later, there were no calls from Natalio. Sighing and picking up my Blackberry, I dialed him again. The same woman answered.
“Sadie Francé, again. Is Natalio still in a meeting?”
“Yes,” she replied curtly. “Mr. Nelson is a very busy man, Miss Francé. Is it important?”
Why did she stress the ‘Mr. Nelson’ like that as if I was being too personal calling him Natalio? “Somewhat.”
“Well, as I’ve assured you before, I will let him know you called.” Again, the line just went dead, without even waiting for my reply. If she was an assistant, receptionist, or whatever of his, she was a rather insolent one who deserved to be sacked. Maybe he was sleeping with her. At that thought, I cringed.
The sun set and the earth darkened and still there was no call from Natalio. Was this a sign that I should give up and try to forget him again? Was he really done? Wants nothing more to do with me?
With my hope candle still flickering, I continued with the preparation of my pieces for Monday. All night toiling was the plan, for there was an immense amount of work to be done. And I wanted Geo Lee to be proud of me. My mother to be proud of me. Mom. She’d sounded so lively and lifted when I called her today. She’d wanted to help me with putting these pieces together, but I wanted her to spend time paying more attention to herself since she hadn’t done so in ages. It warmed my heart and brought smiles to my face that she’d decided to fight for life and not give in to death. She was the only family I had, and I loved her to pieces.

The strong scent of coffee wafted beneath my nostrils and my lips curled up at the heavenly smell. I opened my eyes to find Kelsy standing over me passing a mug of coffee under my nose. A sudden pain lanced through my back when I lifted my head. I realized then that I’d fallen asleep around the working table. It was morning. Bright sunlight shone through the glassed-faced apartment.
“Good morning. Your body must be aching,” Kelsy said. “Here. Drink some coffee.”
After cricking my neck from side to side, I took the mug she proffered. “Thanks. You’re the best. I swear, if we didn’t have the same bodyparts, I’d marry you.”
Kelsy snickered. “There’s a lot of work. If only you’d let me help yo—”
“I don’t have enough material for you to mess up anything here, Kelsy. I can’t afford any wrong cuts and stitches.”
“I’m not that bad,” she pouted.
I brought the mug to my mouth and stared at her with an arched eyebrow over the rim while I sipped the coffee.
Kelsy burst into a laugh. “Those times you were just teaching me. I’m much better now. I like how magical it is to create stuff from just plain cloth. I’ve watched you do it for so many years and it’s the one thing I’m actually interested in trying. Plus, I’m opening a fashion store. I need to at least have some inkling.”
Kelsy was interested in nothing whatsoever except shopping and being with Tevin. It was a wonder she’d taken on this idea of opening her own store. She didn’t have to work or do anything. Just be mommy and daddy’s little girl. But, in truth, she’d always shown interest in what I do and was always making me aware of what’s in style and what’s out. Which helped me a lot in my sketches.
“Okay. I’ll let you help me today. But so help me God if you spoil anything…” My words trailed off at the huge grin on her face and my eyes reached for the heavens. “I’m gonna shower.”
I cricked and bent and twisted my bones and joints into activity as I made my way to the bathroom. Natalio hadn’t called. Hadn’t texted or emailed me. And my heart faltered at every thought that he might actually be over me. Didn’t want to hear from or talk to me. I wasn’t the one who caused him pain, he caused me pain. I had every right to be mad at him. And he should be sorry. Why did he come back into my life then, if he would just give up on me weeks later?
He was right, maybe we weren’t meant to be together since we kept losing each other. Maybe we were fighting for something that’s not to be. Just that, he was the one who’d been fighting. I was too busy being angry, hurt and unforgiving. Maybe he was just really tired of fighting. Tired of it all. I hadn’t any idea what had happened that night and I’d showed no interest in wanting to know, when I should have.
I stepped into the shower ‘resolved’ on never calling him again, and stepped out with a fresh mind and the driving urge to call him. I think I was going crazy. Yes, Natalio was driving me insane. Was this how he felt when I wouldn’t talk to him? I shuddered at that, because the feeling was awful.
In search of my cell phone, I strode out into the narrow hall, water dripping from my body as I grabbed up my Blackberry from the work desk then hurried off back to the bedroom, ignoring Kelsy’s curious gaze.
It was Sunday. There would be no assistants or whoever answering his cell on a Sunday, right? If he didn’t answer, then I’d know for sure he’s eschewing me.
With a steely resolve, I dialed. Natalio answered on the second ring, “Speak.”
My mouth went dry, unable to form a single syllable. By the time my recovering heart had began pumping blood again, and a coherent sentence came to mind, the line went dead. Jeez, he didn’t even give me a chance to speak. Didn’t he have my number saved or something? Did he or didn’t he know that it was me?
His line rang out when I dialed him again. Again I dialed and it rang out. Determined, I rang again and he answered with palpable irritation on the third ring. “Listen up, whoever you are, I have no time fo—”
“Natalio, it’s me. Sadie.” My voice was too weak and too small, so I cleared my throat.
There was brief silence on the other end. “Sadie?”
“Yes,” I said in more vegetated voice. “Why haven’t you called me back?”
“Called you back?”
“Yes. I called twice yesterday but a woman answered and said you were in a meeting. I gave her my name and told her to tell you I called.”
“My assistant, Tiffany. But she gave me no message that you called. Is everything okay?” His tone etched with concern.
“Yes. I’m fine. W-why would she do that?”
Natalio gave a careless sigh. “I might have an idea.”
My blood heated. “What’s that suppose to mean?”
“Don’t worry about it. Just email me next time. Your name is on my ‘Alert Me’ list. A list consisting of the people she should alert me immediately about if they tried to contact me. Everyone on the list is family and relevant business partners. She doesn’t know you, so she probably thinks…you know. But I’ll deal with her on that.”
“So why should it matter to her? She gets paid to do her job, doesn’t she?”
He ignored my question. “Are you sure you’re okay, Sadie? Need help with anything? I can’t say I expected to ever get a call from you.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I was just…” I couldn’t say it. I couldn’t say that I missed and loved him. Wimp that I was. “…Wondering if you were okay.”
“Yes. I’m good,” was all he said, and made no attempt to say anything else.
Of course he’s okay, he’s a freaking mogul. Why the hell wouldn’t he be okay? Because of me? Ha!
Silence ensued on the line. Soft, controlled breathing responding to ragged and uncontrolled.
Courageously, I spoke, “I want to see you, Natalio. I want to talk about um, stuff and…”
Natalio remained silent, but his soft breathing grew heavier on the other end.
I wish I could see his face, I wish I were near him, to kiss his lips. To snuggle up in his arms and never leave them.
“I want you,” I finished. There, I said it.
His sharp intake of breath on the other end didn’t go unnoticed. It took an eon before he spoke again. “Sadie, I…”
What? You love me? You want me too? You can’t wait to see me? Tell me. Tell me. Tell me.
“I can’t.”
What? No! “Why?” I whispered. My voice was just audible.
“God dammit, Sadie! Why the hell would you do this?” he yelled, taking me by surprise. “Why would you call me now when I’ve finally moved on? Finally! Finally let you go? W-Why, Sadie?”
Speechless I was. “Natalio I didn’t—”
“I love you, Sadie. But I can’t. I just can’t.”
Hot liquid sprang from my eyes and rolled down my cheeks. He couldn’t say no. I couldn’t lose him again. “No,” was all I could say.
There was a loud clatter in the background, as if he’d knock something over or threw it, maybe. “Sadie, I’ve been drooping over you for seven damn years! Finally I get close to you again and you don’t remember me. You didn’t frickin’ remember me. I know it’s an illness that you suffered on my account. But still, do you have any idea how much that hurts? That you can look into my eyes and not recognize me? It pains, Sadie. It squeezes every bit of blood from my heart, leaving it blackened. Yet, when you finally did, you pushed me away. I’ve hung on to my love for you for seven goddamn years, only for you to push me away. I know you must have been hurt, but you have no idea how hurt I was, too! You didn’t give a shit to know what happened. You just pushed me out of your life and moved on happily. Now I’ve stepped away from all that shit, cleared my muddleheadedness, have finally moved on, and now you call to say you want me? It took you almost six weeks to know that you want me? Almost six weeks?” Natalio’s voice was weighty with anger, pain and incredulity.
“I-I’m sorry,” I stuttered. “But you can’t say it’s over. You don’t want it to be over, I know. It can’t be. I want you. I need you. I love you, Nelly.”
His voice came stolid. “I find that very hard to believe.”
“Why?” I sobbed. “It’s true!”
“Sadie, you’ve given away your car. You haven’t moved into the apartment. If you loved me so much, you would’ve been sticking to everything that reminds you of me.” I heard him inhale deeply then exhaled as if trying to calm himself. “You don’t love me. You. Never. Did. I don’t think you know what you want. And I don’t care to stick around and find out anymore.”
“Those are material things. They don’t matter. Why do you feel the need to buy me anything, anyways?”
“Because it bloody well pleases me to do so! I wanted to do those things because I wanted to be the one to make you happy. To give you the world. When you accept what I give, it gives me pleasure to know that I’m able to make you smile. Money helps me to show you my love in ways words alone can’t.”
“But it isn’t—”
“The poor man tells his wife every morning and every night that he loves her. She may be content with that, but he isn’t. Every night before he closes his eyes to sleep, what he wishes for is to get a promotion one day, or perhaps a better job, maybe to win the lottery, just so he could buy nice things for his wife; a better house, a better car, take her on a vacation, things to show her that he loves her. The rich man, grateful for his prosperity, does it with ease because he can afford to do so, and he’s extremely pleased that he can. Men do things like that to show their love. There’s no pity in it. It’s just love. Whereas a woman is happy with just hearing the words, a man feels more like a man when he can physically show his love. Men are active. Mere words doesn’t do shit for my ego. When you don’t accept what I give, I take it as a major insult. Especially if you claim that you love me.”
“You can make me happy by not giving up. My love for you is real, Natalio. Feel it,” I rasped. “My love for you is…indomitable.”
Natalio remained quiet, his exhales growing harsher by the second. Like velvet over steel was his voice when he said, “Guard your heart above all else because it will determine the course of your life.”
The line went dead.
Soaked was my face and my chest from tears. Amok they ran, resulting in an optical aberration. And I saw nothing but blur. Everything was a blur. And everything would perennially be a blur because Natalio didn’t want me anymore.
Nelly didn’t love me anymore.
I’ve lost him.



Chapter Nineteen


“Ninety-five thousand,” countered the third bidder.
“One hundred and ten thousand,” countered the fourth.
This was my last piece, a neon-yellow Spring shorts with bright green belt loops and squared, green front buttons. The tall blonde model did it more justice than it deserved. All but three of my modeled pieces had been tendered on, making me four hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars richer. The price was now at one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars, and all bidders except one were stroking their chins in deep contemplation.
Being an exclusive show, there was just a small crowd of people apart from the five bidders and the eight fashion designers, including me. Nevertheless, everything was being executed like a real fashion show, with a huge white runway, blinding lights rowed in the high ceiling above, and soundtracks fitting for the walks. The models, make-up artistes and all were provided. All the designers had to do was dress the bony women in their pieces and send them out. I’d never expected it to be this much of a fuss, but I guess the bidders had to have that ‘atmosphere’ to get them in the zone.
“That’s it,” said the third bidder. “One hundred and fifty thousand.”
The other bidders backed down in defeat, while the third smiled in triumph. He fixed his eyes on me. “Miss Francé, I’ll be delighted to carry this design in my stores. The collaboration of colors, the style, it’s apt for that touch we’ve been seeking for Spring. And this piece will be blowing off the racks, I can tell you that much.”
I smiled, even though I didn’t feel like it, thanked them all and shuffled away for the show to continue. That was my last piece. I’d managed only to complete half of what I’d planned on. Reason? Because I’d lost a part of me. The only man I’d ever loved had moved on and no longer wanted me. I bit my lip as I felt the telltale burning behind my eyes and tried to focus on the models on the runway.
Tesko’s pieces were being modeled to fast-paced electronic music. He was a tall, handsome, African-American with locks and he’d managed to clock in nigh one million dollars. His pieces were phenomenal, non-seasonal. Not that I’d wear such mundanity, but the average consumers would, which explains why the dealers kept bidding. Virtually all his pieces were coveted.
“For someone who is half a million dollars richer, you don’t look cheery at all.” I swiveled around to see Geo Lee beaming down at me, dressed in myriads of colors as usual. The front of his hair now had streaks of red along with the purple, and was raked upwards in a wild mess.
I swung my arms around his neck and hugged him tight—uncharacteristically so. Was hugging one’s boss prohibited? “Thank you so much for this opportunity, Mr. Lee.”
Geo Lee shook his head and sighed in frustration. “Oh, for the detestation of clits and tits and everything that shits, Francé! Geo. How many times do I have to tell you? ‘Mr. Lee’ sounds like a shriveling Chinese chef or some flat-faced Kung Fu kid, and I’m neither.”
Trust Geo Lee to make me laugh. “Okay. Geo.”
“Good. You did well. I’d by your pieces myself. I’m aware I might be losing an exemplary assistant soon, once your name gets out there. But I’ll manage.” He mock pouted. “Maybe.”
“I’m not going anywhere. For now.”
“Oh, we’ll see about that,” he said with a knowing glare. “Anyway, I have to leave and make a haste pack for my Tokyo trip in three hours. I want you to—”
“I thought you weren’t leaving until tomorrow?”
Geo Lee waved his hand impatiently. “Yes, yes. But that was before I had the opportunity to save myself a wad of cash and hitch a ride on your ex-vampire’s jet. He’s to leave in three hours and I’m not missing this free ride, sweetie. So keep up! Although I promised you and Kiwan the week off, I just want you to head back to GLFH and sort out a few things for me. It’s not much…”
As I got out my pad and jotted down all that was expected of me, I tried not to think about the annoying fact that Geo Lee had the opportunity to see Natalio, and I didn’t…
…But I could. I paused my scribbling and tilted my head to gaze in thought up at Geo Lee who was firing out his demands. Geo Lee stopped mid sentence and quirked up his brow, wondering why I was regarding him the way I was. He then sighed and theatrically brought the back of his hand to his forehead, saying, “Oh dear. You want a favor, don’t you?”
Stifling a laugh, I bit my lip and lifted my shoulders to my ears. “Pretty please.”

Two hours later, Geo Lee’s driver was creeping alongside a runway towards a sexy black jet with fire-red tail and wings. The side had the ENEN brand in bold gold. The jet’s door was down but there was no sign of Natalio, and I rolled my eyes for maybe the hundredth time as Geo Lee went on about ‘messing up his link’.
“Okay, Francé,” Geo Lee blabbered in that voice only he owned, while flickering his lashes. “One can never tell what Nelson’s mood is going to be like, so I won’t have you coming out with me. I don’t care that you used to share that coochie with him. When he arrives, I’ll go out first and test the waters. If his mood is in the bitters, then you leaving this car is a no, no. Got it?”
Can you say drama queen? “But how will I know?”
Geo Lee made a clucking sound with his tongue as he thought for a moment, then pulled his tie-dye scarf from around his neck. “I’ll keep this scarf in my hand if his mood is okay, you can come out then. But if his mood is shitty, I’ll wrap it around my neck and you’ll just have my driver bring you back to the office. I can’t take the risk of getting on Nelson’s shit list. He’s that hand to pull me out of an ass when I shove my share-with-all cock too far up one and get my damned balls sucked in—there are some pretty huge butt-holes out there. Nelson, that’s a man of favors and I can’t ruin that. “
I nodded my head slowly and precisely to convey my understanding. “Okay, Geo, I get it.”
Taking out his compact, he puckered his plump lips to smooth chapsticks over them. “You’re a genius in fashion, but a complete cretin in the relationship area, if you don’t mind me saying. What sane woman lets go of a fine piece of ass like Nelson? I mean, are you on crack or something? Just look at that tall, dark, scrumptiousness of a male….”
To tune out Geo Lee’s prattling, I turned my head and looked out my window that showed nothing but acres of paved land, marked and lined this way and that with white and yellow paint. The sun was cooling as evening approached and the wind was getting heavy. If I didn’t tune out Geo Lee from time to time, he’d drive me insane talking my ears off about everything and nothing. The ride to this runway was brutal.
I flipped over the jewel cases in my hand, wondering if the CDs were a gift that Natalio would appreciate. On our way here, Geo Lee had stopped at a CD store to grab a Lady Gaga album for his ‘friend’. And while I waited, I’d wandered around the store and stumbled upon a Buju Banton album. It had brought me memories of Nelly being a big fan of his, so I purchased the album along with another that was a mixture of various reggae artistes. But then he might never get them if Geo Lee signals for me to leave.
The distant yapping of Geo Lee ceased, which had me turning my head knowing it had to be because of Natalio’s arrival. A white Bentley pulled up next to the jet. Our car was a few feet away, leaving that perfect spot for the owner of the jet, I supposed.
“And the vampire has arrived,” Geo Lee sang, packing his paraphernalia back into his duffel bag and opening his door. “Please remember, scarf off, good. Scarf on, bad.” And then he was gone, wiggling his colorful ass down the pavement.
A back door of the Bentley swung open, and out stepped the dark-haired, blue-eyed, amazingly gorgeous Natalio, dressed in his customary black of a close-fitting jeans and a long-sleeved button down shirt. The wind made a mess of his hair that had grown a good length down his nape in loose waves since I’d last seen him. Something about being between his Bentley and his jet made him look Alpha-and-Omega sexy. A sexiness that couldn’t be competed with. A sexiness that he owned.
Or maybe I just missed him.
His intimidating impeccability had me instinctively smoothing my hand over my dress and raking my fingers through my hair, feeling like I was lacking for such perfection. Before the bidding that morning, I’d made one of my rare trips to the hair salon and had gotten my wild curls straightened for a first. It felt lighter and easier to manage, except for the fact that it had stretched a couple more inches down the entire length of my back, dangling right above the arch of my bum. To prevent sitting down on it, I had to sweep it to one side over my shoulders. My flared and flirty turquoise dress might have been too short, but the majority of my legs were covered in a pair of black thigh-high boots. I’d had to dress the part for that bidding this morning. If you wanted to be taken seriously as a designer, you had to look like one.
To get a better view of the events outside, I scooted to the middle of the car seat. Geo Lee stepped towards Natalio with wide arms, as a steward hurried down the steps to collect his luggage. Natalio held his hand up to halt Geo Lee’s approaching embrace, his face impassive, and Geo Lee laughed, unoffended, smacking him on the arm. Just then, a tall, tidily groomed blonde exited the jet and towards Natalio. Strikingly beautiful, she was dressed in a sharp, black pants suit, and her sheen hair was wrapped up in a neat coiffure.
When she smiled at Natalio with one of ‘those’ looks and ran her hand down his arm in a personal manner, my heart fainted. Who was she?
Natalio said something to her and she removed her hand from his arm and clasped them behind her back, frowning at him. He said something again and her eyes widened, her mouth see-sawing as if not knowing how to reply. Again he addressed her with hand gestures, this time as if giving an order, then turned his attention back to Geo Lee while the woman stared, unmoving, at him. Geo Lee spoke some more to Natalio with his elaborate hand and neck movements, while the woman still stood there with a blank expression.
The ever-composed Natalio slowly turned his gaze back to the woman, nailing her with a grim glare, then lifted his hand and pointed to the jet and then to the Bentley. Without another blink, the woman scampered back into the jet, and seconds later she was scurrying off with her handbag and a steward behind her carrying a suitcase. Into the Bentley she disappeared as the steward stuffed her suitcase in the trunk. The car immediately rolled off.
That’s when Geo Lee wrapped his scarf around his neck, and I sunk within myself at the disappointment. Blondie had screwed everything, whoever she was. Now my chance was blown. I had no idea how long Natalio would be in Japan for and he never answers when I call. My mind was urging me to just hop out of the car and run to him, but Geo Lee would never forgive me if I did that. Was it over, really? Should I just accept it?
Like the exaggerator that he was, Geo Lee wrapped his scarf around his neck a second time, pulling at the ends in a way that suggested being choked to death as he started up the steps to the jet. The poised, self-contained, confident Natalio started in his long, firm strides towards the steps also, but abruptly halted at the foot of the steps, withdrew his cell from his pocket and answered it.
Taking a step back from the steps, he listened to whoever was on the other end of the call, stuffing his free hand inside his pants pocket. Just once did he speak back into his cell phone before he pressed it off and slipped it back inside his pocket. For a while, he just stood there, staring down at the ground as if in deep contemplation, the wind billowing around him. And I wondered if he’d gotten some bad news that would render him staying. The bad news would still be bad news, but his staying would be good, for me.
Natalio suddenly turned in the direction of the car I was in, and my heart ricocheted in my chest. Staring straight at the car with an implacable expression, he crooked his finger in a ‘come here’ motion.
Shit. Did he know I was in here? Would I have to hide?
“Ya might wanna keep yur’ head down if ya don’t wanna lose yur’ job, Mistress Francé,” said Geo Lee’s tiny, white-headed driver as he shifted the gear in Drive and cruised towards Natalio. “Just…keep low.”
As the driver pulled up at Natalio’s feet and began powering down his window, I tried to sink low. But Natalio walked right pass the driver’s door and straight to mine, wrenching it open. “Out of the car, Sadie.”
The sonuvabitch was still having me followed! That’s the only way he could’ve known I was in this car. He promised me he would stop. “You’re still having me followed?” I asked with incredulity.
“For my safety, my men follow whoever follows me. You were followed because you were following me. They’re worried you might try to shoot me or strap a bomb to my jet,” he said in an apathetic tone. “Now, out of the car.”
“You would’ve deserved it if I did,” I muttered to myself.
“What was that?” Natalio asked, cocking his ear to me.
“Nothing,” I hurriedly answered.
The driver silently powered back up his window, and I picked up my purse from the car seat and swung my legs out of the car, tossing my hair back over my shoulders as I got up to my feet. I could’ve sworn I heard a hitch in Natalio’s breath and felt a swift sweep of his fingers through my hair as I tried to the keep the flared hem of my dress from blowing up by the wind, but when I looked up at him, his face was stolid and his hands were nowhere near my hair. Guess it was just my imagination.
Taking me by the elbow, he pulled me alongside the wing of the jet so the wind wouldn’t affect my dress as much. Stuffing his hands in his pockets and staring at me through hard, impassive eyes, he showed no kindness. “Why are you here, Sadie?”
“I-I wanted to see you.”
“Why?”
Why? Because I love you, asshat! Because I want you back. Because you came into my life, brought back forgotten memories and just left me with them to suffocate myself! That’s why. But I said none of that. Instead, I held out the jewel cases to him. “I picked these up for you. I remember you being a fan of reggae and Buju. Though I can’t, for the life of me, understand why. I don’t comprehend a word that man sings.”
The laugh I expected from him didn’t come. He merely glanced at the cases in my hand then back at me. “Don’t you think I’d already have all his songs on my iPod? Your drive here was a waste of time—if that’s what you came here for. Thoughtful, but I don’t need them. Have a nice day, Sadie.”
It’s like he’d grabbed my head and shoved it into a load of cow shit. Why was he being such a dick? “It’s just a goddamn album! You could’ve shown some appreciation and accept the damn thing as a memento instead of being such an asshole.”
Natalio raised his brow in that delicious way at me, and I had to swallow. Hard. “Just like you showed appreciation and accepted what I gave you?”
Slap to the face. Oh yeah, he was set on being Mr. Supreme Ass Face today.
Opening my purse, I slipped the cases inside, because I deserved that slap. How could I expect him to accept gifts from me when I wasn’t accepting his?
“Look, Sadie,” Natalio said, glancing at his Rolex. “It was nice seeing you, but I got to go.” He stepped around me and started for the steps, but I wasn’t about to let him leave me. Not again.
In my six inches of heels, I hurried after him and grabbed the hem of his shirt.
“What, Sadie?” he snapped on a spin.
“Don’t you dare take that tone with me!” I snapped back. “You’re not going on that plane. You’re going to stay here and tell me why the hell you left me that night!”
Natalio coolly clasped his hands behind his back and look down at me with wry amusement. Even in these heels, he was still a tower over me. “I am now, am I?”
“I deserve to know, Natalio!”
It was taking every bit of strength in me not to cry; because I’d just made the mistake of being demanding, and I knew he might leave just to prove to me that I was in no position to demand anything of him. Maybe I should’ve asked kindly?
“You didn’t care to know before. I’m done with all that, Sadie.” He resumed his climb up the steps. “I’ve got important things to attend to.”
“What’s so important, huh?” I asked, trailing him. “Another one of those blond sluts waiting inside for you to pump your cock inside her? Have you squirting your come all over her face, while another feeds you grapes? Is easy cunt so much more important than me? Than mending the pain you’ve caused me, asshole?!”
Natalio stopped and slowly turned to glower at me. “Sadie, stop it.”
“Why? You don’t like hearing that you’re an asshole? Don’t like that word?” I stepped up to him, finding the guts to meet his glower with equal intensity. “You’re an asshole, asshole. Asshole!”
Natalio grabbed my arm in a firm grip, and leaned into me, hissing through clenched teeth. “I said, stop.”
That’s all it took to get me to snap my mouth shut.
Mollified, he turned and continued up the steps, taking me with him into the sumptuous, white and mahogany-brown furnished jet. Geo Lee sat lounging in a white leather seat, munching from a large oval tray of fruits on the table before him and yapping at the ears of the steward and pilots who sat around, seemingly rapt in whatever tale he was giving.
I couldn’t stop my eyes from sweeping around the spacious jet, searching for hints of any more unknown blondes. But there was just my boss and the staff—in sight.
Natalio didn’t go any farther than where we stood at the entrance; his overpowering presence had everyone directing their attention to him. “All yours again, Geo. Keep it clean.”
Geo Lee rolled his eyes as he popped a slice of cantaloupe in his mouth. “Oh please, Nelson. I’m not some bouncy teenager that’ll—”
“Not because I didn’t say anything to you about the orgy you engaged my staff in the last time I left you in charge, doesn’t mean I never heard about it,” Natalio said, pinning Geo Lee with a hard stare.
Geo Lee’s face flushed blood red, a bunch of grapes paused mid-air. “I-I wasn’t the one who initiated—”
“Don’t care, Geo. Just keep it clean this time.”
Natalio exchanged a look and an odd hand gesture with the pilot, and the pilot nodded. Turning, he exited the jet, tugging me down the steps with him. So he was going to stay? Wow, things didn’t seem so bleak after all.
Retrieving his cell, he dialed and ordered one of his people to come get him. Then made a few business calls as we waited, to avoid speaking to me, maybe—even though he held my arm in a firm grip the entire time. I cared not, as long as he was staying. Who would’ve thought calling him an asshole would get him to stay? For me. My heart was jumping with glee.
A few minutes later a pitch-black Range Rover pulled up next to us, and Natalio ushered me inside, ordering me to buckle up. After that the ride was painfully silent, as Natalio gave me none of his attention; he kept his gaze out his window. Just when I was about speak to him to break the deafening silence, he leaned over and snatched my purse from my lap, shuffled inside and took out the albums. When I raised my brows at him, he expressionlessly said, “You bought them for me, right? Which means they’re mine.”
Tilting my head, I gazed at him in bewilderment, thinking that he was back to being Complex Natalio again. But he ignored me and raked his eyes over the song titles on the back the cases then leaned forward, handing the mixed reggae disc to the driver. “Number eight, Ruddy.”
Seconds later, Glen Washington’s Kindness For Weakness brought some life to the jeep, making Natalio’s reticence easier to bear. Jesus, this chasing the man thing was exhausting, especially when the man’s as spiteful as Natalio. The song he’d chosen gave me a modicum of hope, however. If he got overbearing again I’d just call him an asshole some more. Who knows, it might work for the better again.
The sun was slinking behind the horizon, leaving the sky in a kaleidoscope of colors by the time we got to Natalio’s penthouse. He hadn’t said a word to me as we exited the car and traveled the elevator up to his apartment, and it was getting overwhelming.
“You know, I did very well today at the bidding war,” I said, breaking the silence when we were finally in his place. He was really overdoing the silent treatment thing.
Natalio strode over to the kitchen, emptying his pockets on the island. “What bidding?” His tone was phlegmatic, but at least he was talking.
The apartment was swathed in a thin orange glow as an effect of the retiring sun and the floor-to-ceiling glass windows. I plopped down on the huge black leather sofa in the living area and turned to look at him over the edge—well, technically I was looking at his back that he had turned to me. “Gratuitously, I was given an opportunity by the kindhearted Geo Lee to model some of my designs in a bidding. All but three of my pieces were coveted and tendered on, making me five hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars richer.”
“That’s nice,” was all he mumbled, as he walked over to his wine rack adjacent the fridge and selected a bottle of wine, grabbed a wineglass and went to sit at the dinner table. Concentrating hard on opening the bottle, he didn’t even cast a glance in my direction.
What was his problem? Why did he bring me here if he was going to be all weird?
After opening and pouring the wine, without even offering me a glass, he took a sip and stared down at the wine in his glass. “Are you hungry? Would you like me to order something in?”
And then it hit me, nervousness about telling me what happened was the reason for his quietude. Maybe he really didn’t want to talk about it. Maybe something tragic had happened, making him reluctant to tread down memory lane. At least he could easily access his memories, mine had to be triggered.
Getting up from the sofa, I glided to the kitchen to get myself a wineglass then occupied a chair across from him at the table. “No, I’m not hungry,” I whispered, dragging the wine bottle across the table to fill my glass.
I truly wasn’t hungry. Might never even have an appetite again until I was warranted that all was well between us. I just wished there was a fast forward button that I could press, where we butcher this heavy ass elephant in the room and move on to the more interesting parts. Where he tells me that he loves me and can’t live without me and I do the same and then we get naked and… Oh, God, I’m growing impatient. “Are you nervous about telling me?”
Natalio peered at me through his long, dark lashes; his eyes were one of their brightest shades of blue. Shifting, I crossed my legs under the table, resisting the urge to lunge myself at him. “I don’t do nervous, Sadie,” he answered with a cocky smile. But I saw right through its fakeness. He was nervous. “Where do you want me to start?”
Oh god. It was time. Time to hear the tale of what really happened on the night I got deflowered and abandoned.



Chapter Twenty


“A-After…After I fell asleep,” I muttered.
Intense sapphire eyes pierced me and I felt myself shrinking within my skin. My lips parted, as my nostrils were no longer inhaling ample air to oxygenate my blood. I shifted uncomfortably and Natalio broke his gaze. Taking a long sip of his wine, he peered at me over the rim. Savior, why did he have to be so…so damn tantalizing?
“You looked angelic while you slept.” His sudden words startled me, but I sat still. “I didn’t want to close my eyes, I enjoyed watching you. You’d breath soft sighs, twitch your cute little nose or flutter those beguiling long lashes. It was gratifying just to watch you sleep. And your neck…your neck was so soft, smooth and virginal. I was obsessed with it, fighting the temptation to give you a third lovebite for fear of waking you.” Natalio lowered his wineglass to the table. “Then my phone rang, had me jumping to answer it before it woke you. It was Darren.”
Hmm, Darren, the right-hand man.
“I walked out into the living room to talk to him. And that’s when he started telling me that he just got this unbelievable deal on some ammo, but he was dubious about the link as to why the ammos would be for so little dough, and that he’d feel a lot better if I was there. He wanted me to go with him.
“I told him I couldn’t go with him because I was with you. He badgered and groveled telling me it was just a few minutes away and we wouldn’t be long. That it would be less than fifteen minutes to exchange payments for goods and head back. I told him told off and hung up. Then I went back in bed with you. A few minutes later, Darren was banging on my front door. Furious, I went outside to blood his nose but he kept begging, telling me it wouldn’t take more than fifteen minutes. Eventually, I capitulated.” Natalio looked at me with a please-understand expression and said, “You know Darren was my main boy.”
Expressionless, I stared at him and didn’t reply. Because frankly, I didn’t want to understand why he would choose to accompany Darren on an ammunition deal and leave me in bed on what was supposed to be my special night.
He blinked at me and his expression changed to a wistful one. “I thought leaving you for fifteen minutes wouldn’t hurt. Darren wouldn’t relent. So I went back into the room, you were still asleep, and I got dressed, kissed you and left. Only…I hadn’t known that would be the last time I’d see you. That I’d never get to see your eighteenth birthday. That I’d never get to marry you. That I would lose you, your love, and your memories of me.”
Natalio ran a hand through his hair, stood up from his chair, paced around for a bit, then reseated himself. “I told Darren to drive. Larry was in front with Darren and…and Otis was in the back with me. He was only fifteen.” He swallowed hard and sipped his wine.
A vague remembrance of Otis came to me. Otis was Darren’s younger brother, tall and gangly with an ever-present smile.
“Otis had always tried in earnest to be a part of the clique. But I’d told him he was too young and that he should focus on school. That night I got angry to see him there and tossed him out the car. But Darren insisted on him coming along.” Natalio shook his in remorse.
What the hell happened?
His voice grew harsh. “Beyond irritated, I conceded because my mind was on getting it over with so I could get back to you. And all the lingering and arguing was consuming time and I just wanted to be back in my goddamned bed. I wanted to be back before you were awake.” Natalio bit his lip in belligerence and exhaled noisily. “I grew freakin’ furious when ten minutes later we were still driving to wherever this godforsaken place was. Darren kept assuring me it was just around the corner, a corner that took another ten minutes to get to.
“Finally, we pulled onto this open dry land with lines of trailers. Darren, Larry and I got out and I told Otis to remain in the car. Halfway to the trailer, I figured you’d probably be awake by then or would soon be and I thought maybe I should just send you a message telling you I’d be back soon. So I told Darren and Larry to go ahead and begin with the transaction and that I’d be there in a minute. I jogged back to the car for my cell and saw that you’d texted me, which made me smile, but then immediately cursed myself for not being there. As soon as I began typing a reply, my phone fell from my hands at the first fusillade of shots that fired. When I looked up, Larry and Darren were running back towards the car; Darren doubling over, for he’d received a shot to his stomach. Ducking from getting hit while returning fire, we rushed back into the car and got the hell outta there. The thing is, I didn’t even have my tool, because I was too much in haste when I was leaving to remember, for one. And two, I wouldn’t have guessed that a simple ammo purchase could go so awry.” Natalio took a breath, and then continued. “The men didn’t pursue us further once we got onto the main, so we thought we were safe. Next thing I knew, police lights were flashing behind us. Darren went into a panic and gassed up. I began yelling at him, asking him what the hell he was doing. The flipping car was mine and if the police should trace the license plate they’d trace me.” He pointed at his chest. “Not Nelly, but me, Natalio Nelson!”
And that wouldn’t be pretty, would it? I wrestled down the impolite urge to roll my eyes.
“It would’ve been an easy task for me to bribe the cops if he’d just pulled over and played nice. But the stupid dolt carried on driving. And soon there were two police cars chasing us into the night. Otis was sitting next to me with widened eyes, and I was so pissed that this young kid that should’ve been at home nosing his books was out with us assholes in a car chase.”
Natalio pushed back from the table with a loud screech. “Addlebrained Larry got so freakin’ frightened, that he pulled his gun and began firing at the cops. What kind of idiot does that?!” He ran both hands through his hair. “Unable to believe all this was happening, I started shouting, cursing, slapping the nitwit telling him to quit it. Then to my surprise, Darren said “Fuck it! There’s no living through this.” And he, too, pulled his gun and started firing.” Natalio wagged his head as if he still couldn’t believe. “Numbskulls.”
“Who on earth doesn’t know that the cops always win in shoot outs?” I said. It was all I could manage, because honestly, I was shocked. Not in a million years had I imagined that this was his fate on the night I got jilted. At least, I thought I’d got jilted.
Natalio didn’t look at me, he just continued. “Eventually, the cops began reciprocating. And everything was happening so fast it was all just a blur. Bullets shattered the windshields, grazing us by the inch. Darren swerved around a corner and…and…”
Natalio trailed off and crouched down with his fingers laced on the nape of his neck and his eyes focused on the floor. My heart stopped beating. What happened?
In a tone laced with lament, Natalio said, “That’s when Otis fell unto my lap. A bullet h-hole in the side of his head. His mouth hung open, his eyes vacant, lifeless. He was…dead. He was only fifteen. Fifteen.”
A loud gasp escaped me and my hand flew to my mouth. Shit! So that was how Darren’s brother died and not of some illness? Why would his family lie about his death? Shame? My word, there’s so much that I was oblivious to.
Natalio’s voice broke through my thoughts as he continued his tale. “Everything was so surreal, I kept thinking that at some point I would wake up and it would all be a dream. Darren kept driving trying to get away but the police cars only multiplied and I just thought to myself that that was it. We were ruined. I attempted moving my arm to shift Otis’s body so I could crouch lower, and a sharp pain slammed through my shoulder. That’s when I realized that I’d been shot.”
So I was right then. The mark on his shoulder is a gunshot wound. I gazed at him with rounded eyes. My Natalio had been shot. While I was weeping, thinking he’d left me because he didn’t want me, all this was happening? A wail was swirling in the pit of my stomach, but I wouldn’t allow it to manifest.
Natalio kept going as if he were unable to stop talking, his blue eyes void as he relived the horrid night. “Knowing that if the shoot-out protracted I’d end up like Otis, I shouted at Darren and told him to give it up or we’d all be dead; because he was already shot in the stomach and was bleeding to death. That’s when he glanced around and saw his brother sprawled lifeless, and that I was hit. He swore and made a loud cry, prompting Larry to look around, too. Blood was everywhere. The short distraction sent us crashing straight into a drugstore. I don’t know what happened, but all I remember was my whole body being flung from the back seat and towards the shattered windshield in one swift move. I remember not being able to move at all. And my last thought was about you…If I’d ever live to see you again. Then there was shouting, gas, smoke and fire. Then there was darkness.”
I sat inert, numbed and speechless. Shocked to the core.
Natalio unfolded from his crouch, stood up and paced the length of the room, raking his fingers through his hair repeatedly. “When I awoke, I was in the hospital. It was seven days later. I was comatose for seven days, Sadie.” His tone held incredulity as if such unfortunate circumstances should never befall someone like him. “Two of my father’s securities stood guard in my hospital room. And I knew then that I was in deep shit. They’d trimmed my hair. All my goddamned hair!” he shouted, with pure, undiluted anger.
“They kept me hospitalized for another three days and I suffered from the trepidation of being sent off to jail. But I should’ve known better, that with my father, there’s no way on earth that would happen,” he said through a choked laugh. “When I was next awake, I was on my father’s jet being shipped off the Japan. The sonuvabitch drugged me!” Natalio kicked at a bar stool and sent it tumbling noisily to the ground. “The domineering tyrant that my father was, he sent me away because he thought that was best, because ‘I was getting out of control’.
“Upon inquiring what happened with Darren and Larry and how I got off the hook, I was told that, somehow, my father’s lawyer got the boys to say they’d kidnapped me with the intention of asking for a ransom.” He laughed bitterly. “Ludicrous, isn’t it? But such was easily bought, because no one would ever believe that Marcello Nelson’s son, Natalio Nelson, CEO of a new multi-million dollar company on the rise, would be hanging out in a clique and shooting at cops. It was fortunate that I hadn’t my tool that night and that my fingerprints weren’t on any of the weapons.”
A large lump in my throat hindered my breathing. Marcello Nelson was his father? That pomp, I do know. The man was obscenely wealthy—if ‘wealthy’ was a justifiable word—and involved in virtually everything from theology to politics. Damn right no one would believe that story. The man held supreme power in society.
“I was forced to step away from my business for two years—well, not really. My uncle, Orthello Nelson, is the owner of NIFTZ in Japan. You know those smart cars?”
I nodded. How could anyone not know them? They’re made in such bright colors that, from a satellite’s point of view, they’ll probably look like gum balls scattered on the earth. But consumers flock to them anyways because they’re convenient, swift and affordable.
“Well he also owns an electronics company similar to mine. So for the years that I was forced to stay there, I’d gained more knowledge in that area. Apprenticed should you so say. Learned a lot from those smart and creative Japanese. By the time I was back in San Fran, I was abounded with ideas and a new direction for my company. I was able to turn my millions to billions in very little time. So, in some ways it helped me. I grew, in knowledge, wisdom and understanding. That’s what my father wanted to see.”
Natalio stared at me squarely. “You have to understand, Sadie, there was nothing I could do. My brothers and I, our lives don’t belong to us, but to him, Marcello. Whatever he says, goes. We were raised with gentility and decorum. Home-schooled. And as soon as we hit eighteen, millions get shoved into our hands to start our own business. And it better be damn sensible and successful, too. Father would be right there over our backs making sure we turned those millions into billions. Honestly, he’s the only man on this earth that I fear. He’s a domineering, high-handed, insensitive megalomaniac.”
Natalio began pacing the room again. “After those two years of living in Japan, he allowed me back home. And while I worked my ass off to right my company and regain my father’s reverence—because I’d messed up big time—I tried to get through to you, at which I’d gained knowledge that you’d moved because your house had been burnt to the ground. So I zealously searched for you.”
My heart leaped. He searched for me.
“It took me a few weeks to find out about your father’s suicide and your mother’s attempt at the same. Of what had happened to you and that you were…you were with…Cali D,” his voice broke. But he quickly cleared his throat and strengthened his tone. “You’ve moved on. What could I do? Especially if you didn’t remember me? I sent warnings to him, to let him know that if anything should happen to you, anything at all, I’d pull his bloody intestines through his mouth.” Natalio ran both hands through his hair. “I couldn’t fathom how everything could go so wrong so quickly.”
This was too much. So overwhelming. Hell, this man suffered more than I did. Suddenly I felt morbid. And everything I’d eaten for the day threatened to exit orally.
But Natalio rambled on. “I’ve never left you. I assigned guards to keep watch on you for all those years you were with him. And whenever he messed up and you left, I’d be sure he got his ass kicked. But then days later you’d go back to him. Before I could even make a move from whatever part of the world I was to come to you, you went right back to that asshole! And I had to watch that shit for years.” He pinned me with a sulfurous stare. “Did you love him?”
Caught off-guard by his question, I stuttered, “N-No. I-I didn’t.” I just couldn’t deal with starting all over again with anyone. Until you came along…again.
“Then why the hell did you keep—” he stopped short, lifted the vase of white roses from his coffee table and pelted it onto a wall, causing me to jump out of my skin. “I slept with girl after girl, night after night. Trying to find you in one of them. A semblance of you. Something. Anything. Anything at all that would remind me of you. But I never did. You’re one of a kind, Sadie. The love I had for you just wouldn’t go. Wouldn’t fade. Wouldn’t allow me happiness with anyone else. And that’s why I couldn’t move on. So I waited and waited and waited.”
“Did y-you..you…?” I couldn’t say it.
“You truly don’t know me radically. I just told you how I was raised as a child. I’m not a murderer, Sadie. I can’t give life, so who am I to take someone’s life? A lovesick puppy? Yes, that I was. A stalker? Yes, that I was. But a murderer? That I am not. And even if I was a murderer, do you think I would’ve waited all those years to switch the Italian asshole’s lights off?” He turned his arctic blues at me. “You really think I’d do something like that?”
“No,” I replied in all veraciousness.
“Then why the hell would you ask me that?” he snapped.
I don’t know. Maybe because you’d threatened to do so? Bloodied him up when I left? Pardon my unprovoked curiosity, Mister.
“I was more of a shoulder for Cali D. Whenever he got himself in a shithole, I’d be the one to bail his ass out. For your sake. He’d thought you to be a family member of mine, so he made use of his advantages.” Natalio strode over to the kitchen, grabbed a bottled water from the fridge and downed it. “Cali D messed up big time with some Cubans. And these men didn’t give a shit, neither did I. I made myself unavailable to him because I was tired of bailing him. I just requested assurance of your safety. But somehow you’d come to your senses and left him. For good. Or so it seemed. It was the longest you stayed away. The Cubans had assured me they wouldn’t hurt you, but then those guys couldn’t be trusted.”
Natalio righted the barstool that he’d previously kicked over and seated himself on it. “I’d run into you deliberately on many occasions. Even spoke to you. But you were unresponsive. You just didn’t remember me.” He turned and lanced me with cold, disapproving eyes. “I was in Chicago when I heard you’d lost your job at the Bistro and had taken up pole dancing at ‘Secre X’. What in God’s name were you thinking?”
His stare was so acerbic I withered at its penetration and duck my head in remorse and mortification.
Natalio shook his head and sighed heavily. “I decided then that I couldn’t stay away any longer and allow you to destroy yourself. You are so smart and talented…” He sighed again. “I told Tico to keep eye on you and to restrict you from stripping or dancing with anyone. I was desperate to get you out of that club.”
What the hell? So people just do what he tells them to?
It’s as if I was oblivion personified while everything and everyone played around me. To this man’s command. He seemed disgusted at his father’s domineering, high-handed ways, but did he fail to see that he was just the same? Did he think that I belonged to him in every way that he was justified in all his actions? Watching my every move for years and telling everyone around me what to do or what not to do?
Controlling was too mild a word to describe him.
Mind overloaded, I could only stare at him because there was so much information being cascaded upon my head, I didn’t know what to talk about first. Or how I was supposed to feel.
I sought fortification in a long gulp of wine, got up from around the table and sidled over to the breakfast bar to sit next to him. Natalio eyed me warily.
At random, I picked one of the many questions that were floating around in my head. “If you were brought up in such a righteous, polished family, how did you end up on the wrong side of town? With the wrong crowed, the wrong friends, the wrong…girl?”
Natalio stared at me impregnably for a moment and I was hoping he’d say I was never the wrong girl. Please say it. “My brother, Trevillo, had just expanded to constructing tower lofts. This building here was his first. I was interested and somehow convinced him to let me invest. Trevillo doesn’t do partnerships, but I possess a sharp ability of persuasion. So I used to fly in on the weekends, extending my knowledge about the real estate business.
“One day, there was a commotion on site. I rushed out to see Trevillo pummeling some dude’s face. When I inquired he said he continuously came on his site introducing weed to his workers or some crap like that. In short, the dude was Darren. And he was the brother of one of the construction workers. After pulling my murderous brother away from him,” Natalio laughed, “and seeing his battered condition, I offered to drop him home. And somehow, Darren and I kicked it off. He was real cool. So whenever I was here on the weekends I would hang out in his neighborhood. I liked it there. It was different. Lively. Something new that I’ve never known. Plus I got a thrill at living dangerously, life on the edge.” Natalio pinned me with his gaze. “Most of all, there was this nymph that’d hooked me by the gills. I caught sight of her as she walked home from school one Friday evening. Her expression was sullen, but still, she glowed. Her hair was an abundance of long, untamed curls, undulating down the length of her back. Her waist was slim, her hips curved out, her legs were long, clean and smooth. Wholly, her shape, form, beauty, everything about her was capturing, reeling me in like a fish on bait. And I watched her, unblinking, breath-snatched, heart-pounding, until she disappeared into her house. Since then, I hadn’t been able to stop thinking about her. She’d taken over every crease of my mind, every bit of my heart, atriums, ventricles, arteries, down to the very depths of my soul. I dreamed of her. Of only her. And I told myself that I had to have her. Whatever it took, anything, I just had to have her.”
My eyes watered and Natalio tore his gaze away and cleared his throat. “Anyway, that’s how I got tangled in all that bullshit. Incidentally, righteous is not the word to describe my family. We are anything but. Wrong in so many ways. Pretentious is a more suitable word.”
I blinked rapidly, willing my tears to recede. “So have you any info on Darren and Larry?”
Natalio chuckled. “Oh, they’re good. Really good. Though, Larry had lost a leg in the car crash that night. Their false testimonies of kidnapping me didn’t come cheap. My father had made a deal to grant them a couple of mils when they got out. They both got ten years but did less than half of that.”
“You still talk with them?”
“Yes. Why wouldn’t I? The guys bit the bullet for me.”
I swallowed. “So do you still deal with cliques and all that bad stuff?” I wanted to tell him about what happened at Tevin’s place but chose not to bring that up right now. There had been so much shit rolled out tonight, I didn’t think my brain could take anymore. The elephant that was butchered from the room was a freaking Siamese twin.
“Can a man scoop a flame into his lap and not have his clothes catch on fire? Can he walk on hot coals and not blister his feet?”
What is it with him and bible verses?
“No,” he said in answer to my question. “But I’m not tamed. Nelly is still Nelly.”
He donned that familiar smugness. The same one he wore when I knew him as Nelly. Well, he is Nelly.
Another question: “That night, when I went in search for you, the boys said really awful stuff. Especially Travis. That you couldn’t stay away from Tanya’s bed and all that. When I came out of the hospital, there were a lot of rumors that you’d knocked up Tanya and two other girls. Is it true?”
Natalio laughed and wagged his head. “Like I’d told you time and time again back then, when you’d always be abusing me with your over-impulsive tantrums, I’ve never slept with Tanya. Ever. Want me to tell you a secret?”
I nodded.
“It’s Darren who was sleeping with her, even though she was furtively trying to get with me. He knocked her up and they are married now. Happily. The rooftop restaurant I’d taken you to after your interview, it’s theirs.”
What? This is news.
“And as for Travis.” His jaw ticked and tension radiated. “Travis never hated you. He was in love with you. All this was uncovered after the cataclysm and everything that followed that night. The boys came forward and informed me that it was Travis who’d set us up that night.”
Travis was in love with me? I found that very, very hard to believe. It’s almost laughable.
“Apparently, he’d always liked you but was too much of a wuss to make a move. Then I came along and that ticked him off. The boys said he’d planned for the men to cripple Darren and me so he could take lead of the clique, and then he’d get to have you.”
Natalio nodded at my ghastly expression, assuring me that it was so. He reached out a hand, brushed it gently along my cheek, and ran his thumb across my lower lip. My body responded instantly with a throbbing ache between my legs. “So to put it simply, Sadie, you’re the cause of all that happened.” His darkened stare bore into my eyes and my breathing hastened, my lips quivering as he leaned into me. I closed my eyes and waited in desperation for his lips to touch mine. His breath was hot against my lips as he whispered, “So maybe you’re right. Maybe you were the wrong girl.”
And with that, he rose from his barstool and walked away from me.



Chapter Twenty One


Bereft and rebuffed, my eyes flicked open. My lips parted to speak, but only hot, ragged air escaped.
Natalio strutted over to the dinner table and started clearing the wine glasses. “It’s late, Sadie. You said you wanted to know what happened and I’ve told you more than I’d planned on. Moore will take you home.”
Tears burned my eyes as I watched him superfluously busied himself, emptying the glasses and tossing them in the dishwasher. Why was he being so mean? He still wanted me; it was unconcealed, evident, flashing refulgently in his eyes. So why was he purposely trying to wound me? Did he want me to beg him to stay with me?
One side of me was ready and willing to do so. But pride won over. With all my heart, I loved him, but I wouldn’t beg him anymore. Who the hell did he think he was? We both got hurt that night. He in more ways than me, I agree. Now that I know truth, I could finally understand and move on from it. But with a sad note, it’s clear that we’d be moving on separately, because he had given up when I was ready to try.
Squaring my shoulders, I stood from the barstool, trying with great effort to keep my tears at bay. Without a word, I sauntered towards the elevator then pressed the call button. The elevator just wouldn’t respond quickly enough and my tears threatened, the sluice gates rattling, about to burst open at any minute.
Before I knew what was happening, large hands gripped me by the shoulders, flipped me around, then crushed me up against the wall. Natalio pinned me from shoulder to thigh with the length of his body, his eyes glazed, his breathing harsh. My heart floundered; I was both scared and aroused. I wanted him so bad and I think I’d allow him to hurt me, too—if that’s what his intentions were at that moment.
Silly you, Sadie.
Oh shut up, unknown voice! I love him.
“Did. You. Ever. Love. Me?” he breathed, each word a staccato.
Nonplussed, I stared at him. He must be the most intricate man on the planet.
“Answer me, dammit!” he barked.
“Yes,” I whispered. “I love you. Always have and always will.”
“Yet you don’t think I’m worth fighting for?” he asked, his eyes searching mine.
“I-I—” Oh god, what was I trying to say? It’s true, I gave up too easily, but that’s because I don’t handle rejections well. Now he was making me feel terrible.
There was a way to play this game, however. To take the guilt off me. Because I didn’t do too well with guilt. So here goes a question I already knew the answer to. “Did you sleep with her?”
Natalio stilled. “Her, who?”
“Your assistant, Tiffany.”
His hands fell away from me. “Why would you ask me that?”
“Because I want to know.”
He ran a hand through his loose dark hair. “Why?”
Seems to be working…”Because I want to know!” I shouted.
He turned on his heels and strode off.
I followed him. “So you did, then?”
Natalio unbuttoned his shirt, shrugged out of it, and tossed it on the sofa. That momentarily sidetracked me. “What did you expect me to do? Sit around moping? Hoping that one day you’ll wake up and realize that you want me? You left me, Sadie. Repelled me. You wanted me to stay away from you so I did and moved on—well, I tried to.”
“Didn’t take you long,” I said in a mild tone. A tone too temperate. I was supposed to be pretending I was jealous-girlfriend angry, but I just couldn’t pull my eyes away from his pecs. Damn, the man surpassed the definition of sexy. Did he remove his shirt intentionally, knowing it would distract me?
“Oh, it took me seven years. How much longer than that should it take someone to try and move on?”
“You didn’t—”
“I’m a man, Sadie. That’s what men do when they’re heart-broken. They seek solace in booze or faceless orgasms.”
“Well, don’t let me stop you then,” I said with a lifted brow. “Carry on!”
Gathering my wits that had briefly scattered by his shirt removal, I donned my angry mask and flounced off towards the elevator. In a millisecond, Natalio’s hands clasped me around my waist. Just the reaction I was hoping for.
I love it when he chases me. It makes me so…wet.
“Sadie, stop.” He kissed my hair. “It was nothing serious. The blond woman you were ranting about today, that’s Tiffany. I fired her.”
“Why?”
“Because she didn’t deliver your messages,” he said simply. “Sadie, can’t you see how brainsick, unhinged, frickin’ barmy you make me? I’m one big ball of fury and frustration without you. Since I lost you years ago, it’s like everything and everyone riles me. I’m calmed only by thoughts of you.” He spun me around in his arms to face him, his eyes raking all over me, then piercing me with an intense gaze. “Sadie, I love you so much, it just might be iniquitous. Please, don’t leave again. Let’s just start over.”
Of course, yes…
My arms locked around his neck and I pulled his lips down to mine. An enthusiast my tongue was, as it plunged into his warm mouth. How long I’ve longed for this. I’ve missed this. Missed him, his kiss, his touch, everything about him.
Natalio pressed me into him, slaking my desires with his. I cared about nothing else, could think about nothing else at the moment but him, his tongue tit tatting mine. Desire sprinted through my veins and I suddenly felt possessed. I wanted him, all of him. Now.
My kisses became feverish as I voraciously kissed him everywhere, face, ears, throat, while I stood on my tippy toes. “I want you,” I whimpered. “Now. Please.”
Natalio groaned and grasped my thighs, lifting me. And I reflexively wrapped my legs around his waist. Tongues knotted, passion flared, fire flamed between us as he walked into the living area with my body wrapped around his body like a Python sucking the air out of his lungs.
Natalio braced me against the floor-to-ceiling glass window that overlooked the city. Glitzy L.A lights twinkled below. We parted, gasping, refilling our lungs with air.
“If you only knew the things that went through my head today when I first saw you,” Natalio ragged. “Your hair, I’ve never seen you wear it like this before it. You are, hands down, the most beautiful woman I’ve ever laid eyes on, Sadie.” He gave me a swift kiss and said, “Sweet sins, I love you.” He kissed me again, pulling away before I could reciprocate. “Don’t you ever leave me.”
Again, his lips crashed down on mine again, and suddenly it’s like we were swept up into a vortex of lust. We both pawed and growled like two starving animals. My fingers lacing through his hair as he feasted on my heated, squirming body. Devouring my ears, my nose, my lips, my neck—oh, there he lingered. Using his hips to keep me steady against the glass, Natalio grasped the hem of my dress and pulled it over my head. One hand unhooked my bra, revealing my perked and aching breasts, while the other ran leisurely up my thigh.
The warmth of his tongue touched my nipple, evoking an ecstatic moan from me. The rigidity of his erection pressed against my sex, and orgasm threatened.
“No,” I mewled. Inside me was where I wanted him. I wanted to orgasm while he thrusts rigorously inside me.
He flexed his hips in a circular motion pushing me closer to the edge, whispering, “Yes.” Natalio brought his other hand up to my breast and grasped them both, kneading and tweaking my nipples, while he flexed his hips pressing his erection against my sex, pushing me up and onward. “Your breasts fit my hands so perfectly. You were made for me, Sadie.”
“Yes. For you. Only you.” I curled my toes in my shoes, willing myself not to climax at his torturous assault. “Please. I want…I want…” I could hardly think clear.
“What, Sadie? What do you want?” he said silkily.
“I want y-you. Inside me. P-P-Please.”
Natalio flexed back his hips and I was glad for the brief respite. Stealing a condom for his back pocket, he handed it to me then placed his hands flat on the glass, at either side of my head. “Help yourself.”
Shaking and burning with need, I fumbled with his belt buckle, his jeans button, unzipped and freed him. My tongue licked across my lips at the sight of his rock-hard, blood-filled, venous erection.
How good that would feel filling my mouth, hitting the back of my throat.
Not now. At this moment, I want it inside me. With impatient fingers, I opened the condom and covered him, all done under the intense, lust-filled gaze of Natalio.
I arched into him, letting him know that I was ready, but the tantalizing demon decided to torment me more. He slowly ran his tongue across my lips, showering me with soft feathery kisses, making me melt like fudge on a hot pavement. Natalio dug his fingers into the thin, lacy material of my panties and ripped it to shreds, leaving me bare and throbbing. He flexed in his hips and his shaft rubbed against my bud, causing me to mewl and claw at his chest. And he did it again and again and again.
“Please, Natalio!” I cried out.
But he ignored my plea and continued his torture. And just when I was about to fall over the edge, he stopped.
Oh Christ! This man…
Clamping his mouth down on mine, he kissed me, thrusting his tongue in and out. I was taken off guard when he slammed into me, and I bit his lip and gripped his biceps, clenching at the sudden intrusion. He filled me to the brim and didn’t move… And then he did. In slow leisured strokes at first, which incremented to long, hard strokes that went all the way home. I squeezed my muscles around him which elicited a winding groan from him. “Christ, Sadie. You’re so sweet. I don’t want this to end…but I can’t slow down.”
As I felt my orgasm rocking on, I squeezed my muscles again. And again.
“So cruel,” he growled, and picked up momentum, slamming deathly into me. Taking me there. My eyes pinched closed, and I could no longer focus on anything but the sensation that roiled at that place where we were joined together. Natalio’s slick, heated body against mine, the mixture of ragged sounds, harsh groans and soft mewls as we breathed each other’s air.
Soon, I was there at the zenith, and I spread my arms and let myself fall off the edge of nothingness. My body vibrating, my muscles contracting, my tonsils shaking at the loud screams that rushed past it. A pearl of sweat tipped off Natalio’s nose and fell onto mine as he slammed violently into me with a garbled version of my name, and stilled. His shaft pulsating inside me, draining him.
He sagged against me and we slid down the glass with a squeak, down onto the floor. Debilitated.

There’s only darkness, and the almost imperceptible humming of air conditioner. My lids rose to sight as I stretched out my tired limbs. A smile crept across my face when I realized I was in Natalio’s bed. My smile widened into a grin and I was positive that at that moment I resembled the Cheshire cat. I got my Natalio back.
The room did not withhold Natalio, though. Glancing over at the bedside clock I noted it was after midnight. My smile melted and my heart pounded in my ears as the thought that this might be déjá vu attacked me.
I scrambled out of bed, grabbed the sheet, draped it around my nude body and rushed into the bathroom; no, he wasn’t there. Darted out on the balcony; no, he wasn’t there. I sprinted downstairs and my heart sagged in relief, wiping a worry sweat away, when I saw Natalio crouched in the living area, humming to the words of Morgan Heritage’s She’s Still Loving Me that played softly over the integrated speakers while cleaning up shards of the vase he’d broken earlier.
He looked up when he sensed me and smiled, which quickly morphed into a frown. “What’s wrong? Are you okay?” he asked in concern. “Shit, you don’t want to leave, do you? Please stay.”
My teeth sank into my lip and I shook my head, willing myself not to cry at the heart-faltering panic I’d felt a minute ago. He hadn’t left me again. He was here. “No. I just thought…I thought…” words failed me as a single tear escaped and trickled down my cheek.
Natalio dropped the dust pan with a clatter and rushed over to me, encapsulating me in his arms. “You thought I’d leave you again?”
An involuntary dry heave lifted my chest and I nodded.
“No, Sadie. No. Never. I’d never leave you again,” he soothed. “I’m sorry. I was stupid back then. I should’ve never left you, not even for a second. And I’ve learned my lesson the hard way. Never, baby. Never. I love you. I’ll never leave you. Trust me.”
I tightened my arms around him. Relieved that he was still here.
He cradled me in his arms and carried me over to the breakfast bar, seating me on the counter. “You’re barefooted and there might still be splinters around. I don’t want you to hurt yourself,” he said, tucking a lock of hair behind my ears. “My cleaner will sort that out tomorrow. I’ve done enough domestic activities for the day. Washing dishes and cleaning up my messes. My mother would never believe me if I told her.”
“Is your cleaner young and attractive?”
Natalio gazed at me with a straight face and pressed lips. “Stop.”
Departing from my side, he rounded the kitchen counter, abluted his hands at the sink before pouring me a cold glass of water. “Here. Drink.”
I gulped it down, quenching a thirst I wasn’t aware I had. How did he know?
Natalio came back in front of me and pulled a barstool beneath his sit-upon, settling himself between my thighs while he nibbled on almonds from a small container. “I want you to accompany me to our monthly family dinner on Sunday.”
“San Fran?”
“Yes. I came up with an excuse for my absence last month and I would’ve had an excuse for this month, had you not stopped my trip to Tokyo. So now I have no choice but to attend this dreadful family dinner. And for your punishment, I’m taking you with me.”
I frowned. “How is having dinner with your family a punishment?”
“You’ll know when you meet my father,” he deadpanned.
“So do—”
Natalio cut me off as he tossed an almond in his mouth.”I’ll call my cousin, Lori, over tomorrow—she’s a stylist—so you can pick a gown. And other stuff. I want you to stay here. I don’t want you to leave.”
“I can make my ow—”
“Okay, if Lori has nothing that you like—which is highly unlikely—then you can call Kelsy over and you two can go shopping. No sewing for you this weekend.”
Is he going to give me a chance to speak? He’s asking me but, at the same time, it’s like he’s telling me.
“And I love your hair like that,” he commented, gently slipping his fingers through the lengthy strands. “It’s so…long. Keep it that way for the dinner. You are my Aphrodite.”
I raised an eyebrow at him, silently asking if I could speak now and he grinned at me. Something that he rarely did. He looked delightful, and happy.
“If it’s just a family dinner, why do I need a gown? Can’t I just wear a normal spring dress?” I asked.
“No. My father is very archaic.” He grimaced. “We, the men, have to wear bow ties and tuxes.”
My effort to stifle a laugh was a failure. And Natalio nodded, assuring me, then tossed an almond in the air and caught it in his mouth. “Do you know proper table manners? Like distinguishing a salad fork from a fish fork and all that shit?”
I sent my eyes to the heavens. “I can identify a fork from a spoon and a knife from a toothpick. I know not to burp or talk with food in my mouth at the table. That’s as far as my table manners go.”
Natalio smiled as he peeled away the sheet from my body and kissed my inner thighs. Heat pooled at once. “I’ll arrange a lesson for you on Saturday morning then. We’ll leave for San Fran in the evening.”
“Why do I need to do all that?” I whispered, trying to focus through the smaze I’d fallen into, all on account of Natalio dripping hot kisses along my inner thighs.
“To please a man who survives off being pleased,” he said between kisses.
“What if I don—”
“Trust me, Sadie. It will make everyone’s life a whole lot easier. The man’s a pain in the ass.”
“Just like you…” All sense of thought got lost when his warm tongue brushed my folds. I tossed my head back and arched into his mouth. His tongue swirled around my bud, around and around, over, up, down and across, transforming me into a slithering snake. He slid a finger inside me, and then another, thrusting slowly in and out.
“Ah…god…Na…” I mumbled, swept away in pure pleasure.
“You’ll come…” Natalio whispered. “…To the dinner. And you’ll come…now.”
Thrusting his fingers hard inside me, he pressed his thumb down on my bud. There I was on his kitchen counter with my legs eagled, Natalio between them, working me into a frenzy. It was my nirvana. “Hey,” he said, forcing me to open me eyes, panting as if I’d just run a marathon. “Watch. My tongue against your rich nerve end. Look and see how I’ll send you off.”
With his eyes never leaving mine, he flicked my bud with his tongue. Once, twice, three times. And then he covered it with his mouth and sucked me. Instantly, I spiraled off with a squall. Stiffening and bucking in his mouth as I juddered with my orgasm. He kept his mouth on me until I settled back limply on planet Earth.
Natalio’s smothering blue eyes peeked up at me through his dark lashes. “Have you anything you want to say now, Sadie? Anything to object to? I’m all ears.”
I shook my head, because I’d kind of forgotten what our conversation was about.
He revealed a smug smile and whispered, “I thought so,” before cradling me in his arms. “Come, let’s go to bed.”



Chapter Twenty Two


The waterfall cascaded with meditating gushes that flowed away down the river stream. I’ve been here before. In my dreams, clad in pure white while the cool water caressed my feet. But isn’t this a dream also? Yes. Only this time I was not alone. On the other side of the river was a great, protruding rock, and upon it perched a pristine deity. His hair was darker than it had any right to be, dangling loosely about his neck. And his smile was as white as his garments. His bare feet glistened under the brilliance of the sun and the more I gazed at him, the more he scintillated. Coruscating as his smile widened. “Come,” said he.
The leaves of the trees vibrated at his strong, commanding voice.
And like a creation of his, my feet moved at his call and waded through the river, taking me to the other side. I accepted his proffered hand as I gazed in eyes that were as blue as the sky supra. “Here now, my Goddess. My love. A heart returned.”
Into his arms he cradled me and then stepped onto the river, allowing it to drift us smoothly away…
My eyes whispered open and I found myself staring into the dreamy blue eyes of Natalio. He was lying on his side, his hands clasped and tucked between his cheek and the pillow. I blinked at him. Waking up next to him was heavenly. Unkempt hair, stubble shadowing his squared jaws, and still he looked glorious as ever. A ray of sun sneaking through the blinds lased across his features. No one should be allowed to look this good in the morning.
His lips curved up. “Hi.”
I mirrored his actions—even though I knew I didn’t look half as good as he did. “Hi.”
“It’s relaxing to watch you sleep, you know. It’s become a preoccupation of mine,” he whispered.
Simpered I did. “It’s quite unfair. I don’t get to watch you sleep.”
“How can you, when you dwell in your dreams for such long hours? You sleep like an Olympian.”
A giggle escaped as I stretched. “And it feels pretty darn good.”
He edged closer to me but didn’t touch me. Just the heat of our bodies mingled. “You have no idea how happy I am, Sadie. To have you back in my life, in my arms, in my bed. I’ve waited so long for this I almost thought it would never happen.”
“At the moment, I’m not in your arms,” I pouted. “And I think I have an inkling of your felicity, because I feel the same way.”
“When?” he asked.
Bemused, I frowned. “When?”
“Yes. When shall we fulfill our promises?” He edged closer, but still didn’t touch me. “I want to be sure we don’t lose each other again. I’m ready. I’ve always been ready.”
My heart rocket launched. So fast? “I don’t think we are.”
His brows furrowed. “Why not?”
“We just got back together. There are a lot of things we still need to get around. I knew Nelly back then. Now, you are Natalio—an ever-angry, raging bull. Now you are, Natalio Nelson—some top shot billionaire.”
“I’m the same person, Sadie. I haven’t been anyone different with you. You were merely benighted of my background. That’s all. As for my anger, it only manifests when I don’t have you. You have the power to make me happy, angry or anguished. You hold the key to me. I’m yours.”
Savior, he knew exactly when and how to push my make-me-melt button. Hold firm, Sadie, hold firm. “You are like two persons in one and I need to get used to you, Natalio. You need to know what I will and will not tolerate. As I need to know about you. It’s been seven years.”
“Like what?” Before I could speak, he beat me to it, saying, “Whatever you’re dubious about, it won’t stop us.”
I huffed through petulance. “You’re an overlooking, mollycoddling, peremptory ass who never lets me speak!”
Natalio reached his hand under the duvet and fingered my pubis. “Too early for arguments, Sadie.” He leaned in and planted a chaste kiss on my lips before saying, “And I’m none of those things. I think you’ve just delineated my father.”
My head bopped back on the pillow in exasperation. “Can’t you see that you’re everything like him? If you are disgusted with him, then you should be disgusted with yourself, too, because that’s who you are.”
He placed his forefinger against my lips. “Shh.”
Arrgggh! His equanimity was irritating the shit out of me. My chest heaved with a huff and I set my lips in a mulish pout. I was always forced to act like an adolescent when I was with him. The man was frustrating.
Natalio laughed aloud, his eyes crinkling at the corners, his lips stretching tight in his smile. “Okay, then. I’ll execute an introspection and modification.”
“Thank you.”
“It’s far too early to be mad at me, Sadie. Can’t you at least wait until noon?” His fingers whispered along my hip bone. “Or…not at all?”
“I’m not mad…now that you’re touching me,” I rasped.
Natalio’s eyes darkened with concupiscence. “If I show you a good morning with my tongue, will you say yes?”
My thighs squeezed together involuntarily. How could he disarm me so easily?
“You promised me, Sadie.” He frowned. “What did you do with the ring?”
My lids fluttered down as he ran his hand up my side and curled his fingers around my right breast, brushing his thumb over my nipple. “I have no idea. My father probably took it…”
He shifted closer to me so that his body brushed against mine. “I shall pretend not to be wounded. It was worth almost two hundred thou, which, back then, was a lot of money.”
What the hell? That’s still a lot of money. “I’m sorry. I have no doubt my father took it during his assault on me. He’s good for it.”
His tongue licked between my breasts, and desire pooled between my legs as something unfurled internally. As usual, I was helpless whenever he touched me.
“How shall I punish you, Sadie?” he whispered as he feathered kisses about my belly.
“I don’t know. With your tongue?”
Tearing away the duvet, he edged down my body with steaming kisses. I was so hot, I just might’ve burned a hole in the mattress.
“Pleasure unto thee, thy tongue shall bestow,” he whispered in that poetic voice that he used to tease me with as Nelly. I would’ve rolled my eyes at him, had they not already been so far back in my head on account of his roaming tongue. He pushed up my legs and then licked, nipped and kissed my inner thighs, while I bucked up my hips imploring him to taste me there—all done to no avail. He kissed around my folds, kissed my lips, my mound, kissed everywhere except where I desired him the most.
“Oh, please,” I begged.
“I love it when you beg,” he moaned. He resumed the torture, never conceding to my pleas. “You know what I want, Sadie. And I know what you want. So let’s barter.”
My hips bucked up again but it touched nothing, just thin air. I wanted to scream in frustration. My hands reached for his head but he grabbed them and pinned them to my sides.
Just once, he kissed my folds, and I sighed in gratification at the much-anticipated gesture. “Will.” Kiss. “You.” Kiss. “Marry.” Kiss. “Me?”
Oh sweet lord, how could he be so cruel? “This is not playing fair,” I whimpered.
“I hate rules. So I break them…like dry twigs in a forest.”
“Please, Natalio.”
“Will.” Kiss. “You.” Kiss. “Be.” Kiss. “My.” Long swipe. “Wife?”
Hell, I couldn’t bear it any longer. “Yes. Yes. Yes!!!! Anything! Now suck me you bloody hellion,” I screamed.
Natalio grinned smugly. “Thank you.” And the moment his mouth covered my folds, the fireworks blasted and I detonated.

“So will you be at the family dinner, too?”
My question was directed to the svelte, effervescent, brown-haired, brown-eyed Lori who was trying to stuff me into a lime-green gown, as we made a mess of Natalio’s apartment. I liked her, because she wasn’t uppity. Neither did she bombard me with questions or try to pry into her cousin’s privacy. Kelsy, who had popped in an hour ago with the intention of us going shopping, believing that Lori wouldn’t have anything I’d like, was rummaging sparkly-eyed through Lori’s racks. She hadn’t anywhere to attend that needed formal wear, yet she’d set aside four gowns that she decided she had to have. I, on the other hand, was yet to find a gown I liked.
“God, no!” Lori shrieked in horror. “I can’t stand Uncle Nelson.”
“Is he that bad?”
“Yes.” She added a slow nod to emphasize. “But it’s not just him. It’s the whole setting and requirements for the dinner. I mean, all we go to do is eat and catch up with family. I don’t see why all this formality is needed, gowns and tux and all that nonsense.”
“I was wondering the same thing,” Kelsy jumped in, her voice muffled by the racks of clothes her head was stuck between.
Lori scoffed. “No one likes to go. We’ll skip from time to time, drafting the lamest excuses. But three consecutive months of absence and Uncle Nelson will be on your doorstep with a tirade of how much of an ingrate you are.”
We snickered. Then I glanced down at the gown. “I don’t like it,” I told her. “Let me try that blue one with the studs.”
Without disputation, she lurched for the blue dress while I shuffled out of the suffocating lime gown. I wondered if she was terrified of Natalio, also. He could be such a scare sometimes.
A smile visited my face as my mind catapulted back to our crazy lovemaking this morning. All over the bedroom. I could never get tired of his touch, his kisses, his warm embrace. I could never get tired of him.
Our prolonged coition was interrupted, unfortunately, by the unexpected visit of Darren and Tanya. Or as Ruddy announced them: Mr. and Mrs. Wilson. Apparently, Natalio had promised to have lunch with them but such promise had been mind-slipped due to our soul-enshrining morning. They’d come by to check if he was okay, worried, because his phone went unanswered when they’d called. “And such was highly unlikely,” Darren had said. Natalio had apologized and suggested we all had lunch together, but quickly retracted the idea when he recorded my patent disapproval.
No way. I wouldn’t go anywhere with Darren, for he’d been the cause of all our heartaches. The cause of his brother’s death. The cause of every damned thing. If he had respected Nelly when he’d said ‘no’ and hadn’t gone banging on his door, things would’ve been different. But clearly, Natalio didn’t see it as I did. And I do understand he loved him as a friend, but I didn’t. Darren knew, too, because he hadn’t been able to meet my eyes at all. And Tanya’s scowls and disapproval of me were just as transparent as they were seven years ago. Positive I was that her desire for Natalio had amplified since she’d found out who he was. The dreamy look in her eyes when she’d looked at him and her coquettish fluttering didn’t go unnoticed to anyone but Darren. Oblivious sod that he was. So much for being happily married.
“No. I’ve never slept with her,” Natalio had said when he’d caught me scowling at the closed elevator door when Darren and Tanya—Mr. and Mrs. Wilson—had left.
And I’d wondered how he’d known my thoughts.
“Darren’s my friend,” he’d said. “I’ve never told him of Tanya’s shameless advances because he loves her a lot. And it would hurt him. I sure as hell know that I’m never going to sleep with her. So why bother? If she does it with someone else, then that’s a different story.”
“I don’t like either of them,” I said contemptuously.
“I can see that now,” he’d replied, then gripped my chin forcing me to look up at him. “But you can’t blame Darren for all that’s happened. I was just as imbecilic to go. Larry was wrong for shooting at the cops. Travis was turpitude at setting us up. And if we want to play the blame game we can go as far as blaming the people who invented ammunitions, or Eve for eating the apple which introduced us to sin, or God for making human beings at all. But all that’s illogical. Shit happens. As long as we retain life, we just have to learn from our mistakes, forgive and live on. I have you now, you have me. We’re happy. Let’s live on.”
I’d worried my lip at the irritating fact that he was right and that I couldn’t be combative. And he’d kissed me senseless and led me back upstairs, only for him to be alerted an hour later about an urgent meeting and leave with bristling apologies.

After I shimmied into the other gown, I turned to the mirror and smiled. “Yes. This is it.” A strapless, cleavage-dipped, flowing navy blue gown. Diamond studs launched from my left hip and crept upwards to rim the deep sweetheart neckline. The slinky material cleaved to my skin, accentuating my small waist and ample hips. It was perfect.
Lori beamed at me. “You look amazing. Natalio is going to grow hazy when he sees you in this dress.”
Kelsy popped her head from where she was rummaging through the racks. “I think he’ll prefer her out of it.”
After abounding me with apparels, undergarments and needed cosmetics at Natalio’s behest, Lori wished me a good day and—accompanied by a commiserative expression—good luck at the dinner, and left.
Kelsy flopped back on the sofa, surrounded by the mess of unnecessary apparels she snatched from Lori. “Holy shit, you’re with Natalio Nelson bitch!”
I rolled my eyes and waved her off, folding the scads of clothes heaped in the living area into neat piles. “He’s just a normal guy that I fell in love with when I was seventeen.”
“Normal, you say?” Kelsy said, blowing a large bubble of her chewing gum then popping it. “There’s nothing normal about that sexy, blue-eyed—”
My phone started ringing and I held up my hand to stop her blabbing when I saw that it was Natalio. “Hi.”
Natalio’s voice came over the line in a tone that was levels less spirited than it had been before he’d left a few hours ago. “Hey, babe. How are you doing? Found a dress yet?”
“Yes, I have. Lori just left, actually.”
“Well, um, that’s good…” he trailed off, sounding a little odd. His agitation was palpable and it was sending me into a panic mode.
“Is everything alright, Natalio?”
“Not really. I, uh, have something to tell you…Hang on, baby.” I could hear him yelling at someone in the background threatening to cut their lying tongue out or something of that sort, then came back on the line. “Yeah, Sadie? Maybe I should just wait until I get home later. Is Kelsy still there?”
“Yes, yes she’s still here,” I answered in impatience. “But please, tell me what you have to tell me now. You’ll only leave me worried if you don’t. What’s going on?”
Natalio sighed. “Something’s happened. It’s Tevin.”
An unusual feeling jolted in my chest, and I sprung to my feet. The piles of clothes that were sitting on my lap tumbled to the floor as I began pacing the room. Kelsy perked up, watching me closely. But I tried my damndest to avoid her eyes. “What-What do you mean ‘something’s happened’?”
“Well—Just a sec.” And again I was on hold. There was rustling in the background as Natalio gave some sort of order to someone, then it sounded like man was howling in pain. I couldn’t hear what was being said, and I just wish he’d hurry up with the chit-chat and tell me what the hell has happened to my best friend. As wished for, he came back on the line. “Sadie?”
“Yeah, am still here, Natalio. Will you just freakin’ tell me already?!” Every vein of patience had left me.
And just like that, he dropped the words that pushed me into an abyss. “Tevin’s dead, Sadie.”
Tears sprung to my eyes so fast, it was as if I’d been punched in the nose. My heart felt extremely heavy in my chest, beating so hard I could feel it in my ears. My knees wobbled, threatening to take me down. Kelsy stood up from the sofa, imploring me to look at her. But each time she came near, I turned my back to her, hiding. She suspected the news I was receiving was terrible, but she couldn’t imagine just how terrible. There was no way to prepare her for this.
“Sadie? Are you still there?”
“Y-yes I’m still here,” I croaked. Pain and lament clogged my throat. “How did it happen? Who did it? Who took my best friend’s life?!”
A long, winding wail pierced through my ears as Kelsy tore her eyes wide, her hands fisted in her own hair. Now she knew just how terrible the news was. I never meant to say it aloud like that, but the pain was so unbearable it incited anger. On a sigh, I averted my eyes from the horrific sight of her. It was more than I could handle.
Natalio breathed heavily down the receiver. “He’d…done something. And they took his life back for it. He was found stabbed to death in his jail cell this morning.”
A noise that sounded too horrible to be my own voice left my lips and I doubled over in pain, a heaviness pulling at my stomach. “W-w-what did he do?”
“That doesn’t matter, Sadie. He’s gone and there’s no way to bring him back. I really wish I was there with you right now, but I’m a bit tied up and—” A gunfire went off in the background, cutting him off. An angry Natalio shouted, “Ruddy, what the fuck?”
I could hear Ruddy’s familiar voice rumbling in apologizing tones, but Natalio swore at him again and came back on the line. “Sadie, I gotta go. I’ll be there as soon as I can, okay?”
“You!!” I yelled at him. “You could have saved him! You could have stopped this! You…you bastard!”
“What?” Natalio said, sounding shocked at my outburst.
“You got me out of there. You could’ve gotten him out, too! But you left him; you left him in there to die!! I hate you! You let him die.” Finding it impossible to speak another word, the rest of my blame choked out in my throat.
Kelsy’s caterwauling grew louder. Deafening. And I felt like stripping myself bare and running butt naked to a place farther away than Africa. Away to a place where bad things never happen. What’s the route to Utopia? Was I to just close my eyes and imagine myself there? For once, couldn’t the damned place just be real?!
“Sadie, the only way Tevin could’ve lived to see another month is if a helicopter had landed on the prison grounds and got him out of the state—the country. Tevin was a dead man walking in or out of jail. Even if I’d gotten him out, he’d still be dead by now. Too many people were after him. There’s nothing I could—”
“Screw you, Nelly! You could’ve saved him! You know as I know that you could’ve prevented this.” Before he could reply, I hurled the phone across the room and it went smashing into pieces against a wall. I felt as if I had an anchor tied to my ankles, dragging me down to the bottom of a sea of salty tears. Drowning me in grief.
When I finally had the courage to face Kelsy, her eyes were red and swollen, her face drenched in tears. It was hard to see. But I looked at her anyways, as she looked back at me. And all we could do at a moment’s beat was launch into each other’s arms, both of us seeking solace from the other. But all I withdrew from her was bereavement, as she withdrew the same from me. Because this was all we had, this was all we could give. And so we sank to the floor in our embrace, our tears mixing, our wails competing.
We cried ourselves into a tangled heap, curled up on Natalio’s huge, dark rug like a twin fetus. Tevin was dead. We cried ourselves to sleep.

When I awoke, night had fallen, and there were arms around me. But they weren’t Kelsy’s. They were arms I knew, yes. But they were arms that I didn’t want to embrace me, to try giving me solace to a grief that these said arms could’ve prevented.
Kelsy was nowhere my eyes could see. Launching up in a sitting position, I began calling for her. My friend who needed me like I needed her. I couldn’t allow her to grieve alone. She had no idea what grief could do to her. She wouldn’t know how to deal with it.
“Kelsy!” I called out. But my voice was so hoarse I could hardly hear myself.
Natalio’s hard frame was right there behind me, his strong arms trying to tug me back down to the carpet. “Sadie, calm down. Kelsy left.”
Anger surged through me as I twisted to look at him. He was shirtless and seemed a tad weary. I tried not to let his nakedness distract me. “How could you let her leave? Are you that goddamn insensitive?” Though I wanted it to sound like a shout, I failed, because my throat was so sore from crying, I almost had no voice.
Natalio ran a hand through his hair then braced up on his elbows, his eyes holding sympathy and remorse. “I tried to get her to stay, but she insisted on leaving. She was worried…about you.”
“About me? I know what grief feels like. I know how to get over this. She doesn’t. I have to be there for her, Natalio. I’m sorry, but I can’t go to your family dinner with you. I have to stay here with her.”
“That’s exactly what she said you would do,” Natalio sighed. “I came in and found her sitting on the sofa. Just staring at you while you slept. Saddened.”
“Of course she’s saddened, her boyfriend just died!”
Natalio shook his head, trying to be patient with me, seemingly understanding my rage and allowing me to be angry. He stuck his hand in the side crease of the sofa and pulled out a folded paper. “She left this for you.”
Giving him a glare which sent the message that I hated him—only temporarily—I snatched the paper from his hand and unfolded it.

Sister,
We’ve both just lost someone dear to us. Someone who was apart us. Your brother and my lover. We have lost him. And all the tears in the world won’t ever bring him back.
Please note the plural pronoun: WE.
It’s not just me that’s feeling this pain. You are, too.
As you might know, I’ve never, ever felt pain like this before. I’ve only ever known joys, and happiness and sunshine. Contentment, love in abundance and peace. My life has always been exceptional.
Your life, on the other hand, has been anything but. You’ve been grieving since that midwife slapped you on your bare bum the day you were born. Unlike me, you’ve known only sadness, sorrows, and darkness. Unhappiness, tough love and heartaches. People like me who have always been in merriment need doses of grief from time to time to even things out. To open our blinded eyes to the abrasiveness of life.
But people like you, my dear sister, need not a dose of happiness, but an outpouring, a torrential flood of bliss, love and contentment foraying into your life. Because life has not been lived until we know what happiness feels like. Neither has life been lived until we know, too, what grief feels like. And there can be no way to distinguish the two until we’ve felt both.
Which means neither of us have ever lived…until now.
It’s your time to be happy with that man who loves you enough to wait seven damn years for you. That is love I’m yet to receive!
Don’t worry about me, Sadie. I have enough happy bones inside me to fight off this minuteness of grief. Stay with Natalio and let him love your pain away. Go to the dinner, meet his family, and, though I know it will be hard, have fun. I’ll see you when you get back. And if you decide to move there, you know damn well that I’ll be moving there, too.
But please, let me grieve on my own. Focus on your own happiness. For once.

I love you, with all my heart, mind and soul.
Kelsy.

Twin tears strolled down my face as I folded the letter as small as it could be folded and tucked it in my shorts pocket. In a time when I thought Kelsy would’ve withered to the ground, she’d found so much more strength than I ever could. She wanted to grieve alone. She was handling this so much better than I was, and in her sorrow, she was thinking about my happiness. That fact evoked rivulets of tears from my eyes.
I turned to Natalio who was gazing at me with pained eyes, as if wishing he could swipe away my misery. “I don’t believe her, Natalio. What if she’s just trying to keep me away so she could go hurl herself off a bridge? I don’t want her to grieve alone. It’s not healthy.”
Reaching out, he thumbed my tears away. “You only see one’s true strength in their time of sorrow. Some people may seem weak on the outside, but really, they’re so much stronger than you could ever imagine. Everyone has their own way of handling grief. You’ve never seen Kelsy grieve before, so maybe this is her way of dealing with her distress. I sure as hell know that I hate having people around when I’m going through my shit. While there are some people who’d rather be surrounded with friends and loved ones. Just…respect what she asks, Sadie.”
“But I’ve always thought her to be so fragile. It’s just…” I sighed and crawled up to his chest, curling myself in his arms.
“You stop to think that maybe she was expecting it? I’ve seen her, and I’ve seen you. You’re taking it so much worse than her, Sadie. And I think that’s why she’s worried about you. It’s almost like she was expecting it and you weren’t, which made the news a harder hit on you.”
Natalio might have made a correct assessment. In fact, Kelsy had been vacillating between whether she should break up with Tevin or not, due to the scare of the event that had taken place at Tevin’s house. Adding also the nights that she used to sit up and worry about Tevin on the streets. So in some light, she might have been expecting the unexpected. Of course I knew that Tevin was a son of sin, but I honestly was not expecting his death. At least, not yet.
Tevin was bad, yes, a menace to society. But I was hoping he would’ve been like one of those bad guys that tiptoed around God’s wrath and reaped long life. Incalculable sinful bastards have lived until their eyes dimmed into gradual darkness. And I thought, really thought, Tevin would’ve been one of those sinful bastards.
Pressing my lips against the firmness of Natalio’s chest that was my fortress, shield and refuge, I whispered, “Love my pain away. All of it. Everything that has ever made me cry, love it away, Natalio. Be my light at the end of the tunnel. Be my eternity.”
My lover sighed and kissed my forehead. “All that and more, Francé. All that and more.”



Chapter Twenty Three


I was convinced, no doubt, that Natalio was obsessed with glass homes once I stepped into his pad in San Francisco on Saturday night. Dumbstruck I was, for once, because I’d never seen anything like it. Huge was too small a word to describe his pad. Would colossal do? I knew not where to look first. It was aesthetically decorated with white furniture and elaborate pieces of art. No black this time. And I wondered sketchily if he’d replaced black with white because of my dislike of his loft.
It didn’t matter where I went, kitchen, living room, bathroom, bedroom, I still saw the city lights twinkling all around because the pad was all-glass. Everywhere. How could I ever feel comfortable here? I would always have the notion that someone was watching me. My discomfort had retired when I stepped outside on the immense wraparound balcony and saw only my reflection when I tried to look into the house. From inside of the house I could see everything outside, but from outside the glass walls were exquisite opaqueness.
Strewn about the balcony were white leather seating and tall decorative plants. I wasn’t the type of person who was easily awed, because I fully concurred with the Ecclesiastes verses that everything here on earth is all meaningless. Nevertheless, I was awed.
“You like?”
At the voice, I spun around to see Natalio standing on the balcony bearing an anxious expression. His shirt, shoes and socks were ridded of and he wore only his trousers. Then I realized that I’d forgotten about him once I walked inside the house and wandered off.
“Yes,” I answered. “It’s lovely.”
His shoulders relaxed as he smiled. “Good. Because I had it redecorated, hoping you would like it.”
So I’d guessed right then.
A stumpy, bald guy dressed in a dark suit appeared at the sliding doors. “Sir, all the items are in. Should I send up Rosa?”
“No. I’ll be down with Miss Francé to familiarize her with the staff in a minute. Shut down. I won’t be leaving for the night.”
The man nodded and jotted off.
I raised my eyebrow at Natalio. “Don’t tell me you live with a host of people who cater only to one man.”
“No I don’t. They have their own space below,” he deadpanned.
Succeeding at not rolling my eyes, I walked into his arms and we stood looking over the balcony at the choppy waves of lighted buildings, cars and people. “What’s your obsession with glass homes?”
Natalio chuckled. “It was my brother’s fascination, actually. I no sooner became entranced, too. I don’t know,” he shrugged. “It’s just different. I like different.”
“Trevillo, the one in real estate? He built this?”
“Yep.”
Should I be anxious about meeting his aristocratic family? Maybe I should. But I wasn’t. Because it wouldn’t to me matter is his family liked me or not. As long as Natalio wanted me, loved me, I was good. I wrapped my arms tighter around him, wishing I’d never have to let go.
“Are you okay?” he asked, tucking a lock of hair behind my ears.
I thought about it. Was I okay? A few days ago I wasn’t. A few weeks ago I wasn’t. Heck, a couple of years ago I wasn’t. I’d never thought in a million years that I would’ve recovered my memories, let alone see Natalio again. And when I did, my pride had caused me to push him away. Now he was here in my arms. And he wanted to marry me, with the same eagerness he had seven years ago. Wanted to make me his forever. Wanted to fulfill his promises that I was once led to believe were empty. I believed in love again, because of the same man who’d introduced me to love. Made me feel love, received love and gave love. I believed in love. “Yes. I’m okay.”
Natalio turned, leaning his back against the rail with his hands still circled around my waist. The cool night air ruffled his hair as he bent his head and kissed me softly before saying, “I love you, Sadie. The feeling is frightening. I have you, but it’s like I don’t have you enough. So I hug you, but when I do, it’s like you’re not close enough. So I kiss you, and still I can’t get enough. So I make love to you. And yet, my hold on you doesn’t feel secure enough. Then I lay my head on your pillow and I worry. I worry that I’ll lose you again. I worry myself to sleep. And it’s not long before I awake with wide eyes and a pounding heart, hoping you’re still there. I would sigh with relief at the feel of you in my arms. Your warm, sinuous frame against mine, your soft sighs as you dream of me, calling my name. And I watch you, peacefully, until you’re awake.” His eyes grew intense as he pinioned my eyes with his. “This why I want to marry you. I don’t ever want to lose you again.”
A lone tear fell from my lashes. “I promise you, Natalio, I’ll never leave. I love you.”
He pulled me closer and pressed his lips in my hair. “Death can.” The words whooshed out as if they stole every bit of vigor he had.
Wooden became my frame. Was Tevin’s death taking a toll on all of us? “Why are you thinking about death?”
“I don’t know. I’ve just been thinking about all the bad things that could happen. I’d rather be the one to die. Because I know if you do and leave me behind, I’ll take my own life, just to be able to lie next to you in the grave. That our souls may continue in love. You see, there is no other for me, Sadie. For seven years I’ve had the money, the houses, the cars, and every material thing one could dream of. But none of it made me happy. Just…thoughts of you. Just you. Only you.”
My eyes burned and I couldn’t repress the tears. “Please stop talking such bull. Nothing will happen. You make me happy, too. Just you. Only you.”
I knew I sounded like one of those golden-haired, sing-song heroines from the fairy tale books. But I didn’t care.
He placed his finger under my chin, tilting it upward to kiss my lips. “I. Love. You. These simple words don’t hold it all. They are used by anyone and everyone flippantly, but so few people truly know the meaning.” Then he kissed me again. A soft, caressing kiss that bled into a hard tongue thrust and possessive fever. Through the valleys of his taut, honed pecs I trailed my fingers, shivering at the heat that seeped through my pores. I tried to part but he glued me to the kiss, not wanting to let go. He groaned into my mouth when I bit his tongue and capitulated. “You little devil,” he raggedly whispered.
Flashing him an impish grin, I kissed his neck which he gracefully offered to me, tilting his head back. I sucked at his flesh, bringing forth a lovebite. My tongue traveled down to his firm sternum, and as I swirled my tongue around his nipple he jumped his well-built chest. Cocky ass.
“No need to show off, bad boy,” I said, then bit his nipple. The subsequent jump of his chest was not deliberate, much to my satisfaction. Take that.
My kisses meandered down his body until I was soon on my knees, my fingers twirling in his silky trail while I one-handedly unbuttoned his trousers and freed his rock-hard, vein-pulping erection. It was heated, red with blood and felt impressively sturdy in my hands. I peered up at him through my lashes while he leered down at me with hooded blue eyes. Then he flashed a lopsided smile and twitched his shaft in my hand. Again. And again. Cocky, cocky ass.
Okay, Mr. Nelson, have it your way. Let’s see how long you can keep your eyes open.
With my eyes glued to his, I took his crest in my mouth. His lips parted, and he tried to make his ensuing sighs imperceptible. He knew I was challenging him and I knew he’d put up a fight.
Licking around his blood-filled crest, I slid through the split that sprouted pre-cum. He emitted a shuddering sigh this time, but still kept his gaze transfixed on mine. I took him in, inch by inch, going lower and lower until I felt his crest touching me tonsils, my lips wrapped tightly around his base.
Natalio slammed his eyes shut and his head fell backwards. “Shhhhhhhiiiiiit.”
Oh yes, Nelly. I can take it all. I’m a badass.
Then I began to move, pleasuring him with my mouth, sheathing my teeth and sucking him hard. Occasionally releasing him with a ‘pop’. Whenever he tried to flex his hips, I’d tighten my fingers around the base of his shaft, stymieing him from orgasm. I was in control.
“Dammit, Sadie. Please,” he begged.
Because he was famous for being merciless in bed, I tormented him a minute longer, reveling in his gabbling and the way his body shivered as his hands helplessly gripped the railings.
Ending the torture, I uncurled my fingers from the base of his shaft, grasped him with both hands and pumped while I sucked. My hands and mouth moving in synergism. He swelled and grew harder, his hands fisted in my hair. “Shit…about to…hot…damn…no…hell,” he gabbled.
Knowing he was about to climax, I took him all the way in, shoving his swollen steel-hard shaft to the back of my throat, as far as I could go without choking.
“Ah Chrisssssssssttt!” he growled as he reached his apogee and sent his fluids squirting down my throat. His shaft pulsed, effusing.
Expended, he slumped back against the railing, simultaneously lifting me to my feet. His lips came down to mine, kissing me hard.
He wrenched his lips away. “How did you—” he curtailed and shook his head. “Don’t you ever goddamn leave me. You understand?”
I nodded.
“Promise me.”
On my tippy toes, I smacked him a kiss. “I promise. I’ll never leave you, Natalio. I love you too much.”
He slammed his lips on mine again and evacuated all the air from my lungs.

“Stop fidgeting, Sadie. I’ve told you repeatedly, you look wonderful. Breathtaking,” said Natalio, holding open the door of his white Hummer, waiting for me to climb in.
But really, I wasn’t fidgeting; I was actually wrestling the arms of my roiling anger. We were already dressed, offing for his family dinner and I didn’t want to start an argument now. With his assistance, I climbed into his house of a vehicle and bit my lip, willing myself to be…well, at least one of these words on the paper. I glanced down at the squared piece of paper in my hand that Natalio had given me before we came down to the garage. Asking me to at least pretend to be these words, for the sake of a calm and peaceful evening at the dinner:

Responsive
Ductile
Susceptible
Tractable
Malleable
Non-contentious
Accordant
Amiable
Courteous
Reverential

I might as well be pretending to be a Submissive in order to be granted access into the house of a Dominant. A huff heaved out before I could stop it. It was past my belief that Natalio would give me this crap. He must have forgotten who Sadie was. I liked my autonomy very much, and no one was going to tell me how I should act. Yes, act was precisely the word, if I were to be anything on this paper.
“Sadie, are you okay?” Natalio asked after he’d entered the vehicle, buckled his seat belt and started the engine.
My gaze steered straight ahead, my lips cemented. At that moment I detested him.
Natalio reached over and held my chin with his thumb and forefinger and turned my face to look at him. “What is it?”
That I might say something that I’d later regret, I bit my tongue as I tried not to speak.
“Answer me,” he snapped.
Oh shit. An angry Natalio plus an angry Sadie could only be summed up as a complete disaster.
“The hell’s with this list?” I asked. “Am I some kind of a wild animal that has been caught and needs to be trained for you to tell me how I should behave?”
Natalio sighed and ran his fingers through his loose, ravened hair which bounced right back on his forehead after his fingers’ intrusion. Goodness, the man was…
No Sadie, stop. You’re mad at him.
“I’m not asking you to be like this all the time. Just for the dinner. My father’s a censorious old brute. I told you that. He scared away a girl my brother Lovello was in love with once. I don’t want him to do the same to you.”
“I don’t want t—”
“Sadie, listen, I’m a man on my own but a boy before my father. If he can make my brothers and me feel like we are nothing, even though we are grown men who have everything we could ever need, I can’t imagine—” He sighed again. “Look, I just don’t want you to get pissed off if he’s rude and take off. That’s what I normally do and then kick myself for letting him get to me.”
“He either likes me or he doesn’t, Natalio. It doesn’t matter to me either way. As long as you love me, I’m good.”
Natalio closed his eyes then inhaled deeply, exhaled, then leaned over and kissed me before snatching the paper from my hand, scrunching it and tossing it in the back.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I guess he’s turned me into a wuss. Be yourself. I love you.”
A smile surfaced, my anger thawed, and I planted a chaste kiss on his lips. “Thank you.”
Natalio backed out of the parking space, crept off his complex and into the traffic. He laced his fingers through mine and sped off into the exceptionally pleasant, purple-skied evening.

Seconds after Natalio numbered the security monitor on a red-bricked column, the stately, wrought-iron gates slowly opened. We drove through and down a narrow road passing tall, flourishing trees. Between the intermittent spacing of the trees, I could see acres of verdant land stretching on and on. Two minutes of driving and the house was still out of view. So what the hell did Natalio unlock us into? A park? A community? I retained the patient stance that I’d taken on half an hour ago, for the drive to this residence had turned out to be much longer than I’d expected.
Natalio halted the vehicle in front of another baronial gate and numbered the security monitor, evoking the gate to a slow open, granting us entrance.
“All that land behind us belongs to your father?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“Are we gonna get to the house anytime this year?”
Natalio chuckled and drove through the open gates.”We are here.”
We drove along a sinuous path lined with skyscraping palm trees, and soon, the palatial house was in view. An imposing, three storey, white palace with immense carved columns, French windows and doors—small balconies at each. Put it simply, the place was impressive—in antiquity.
Natalio pulled up next to a gushing man-made waterfall with chunks of Tonalite rocks that were surrounded by colorful, blooming plants. The residence was peaceful. Beautiful. Eye-popping. So many things calling for my eyes’ attention, I just didn’t know where to look first.
Natalio switched off the engine, sighed and turned to me. “Are you ready to meet the Nelsons?”
“I dunno. Am I?”
He took my hand and kissed my fingers. “Just…don’t be too sensitive.”
And that was coming from the most oversensitive person I knew. Natalio exited the vehicle, rounded to the passenger side to help me out of his monstrosity of a jeep. Once I was out, he pulled me into his arms and kissed swiftly. “You are so beautiful, Sadie.”
“You’re not so hideous yourself, bad boy.”
Smiling, he kissed me again, then took my hand and started off towards the house. As we neared the white palace, a distant whistle caught our ears. Natalio swiveled his head and gave a boyish grin that I’d never seen before. Curious, I turned my head to where his attention was directed and saw two men at a far distance standing in a rectangular, gray and white gazebo. They were gesturing for us to come over.
“My brothers,” Natalio grinned. “I calculate they’re boozing up for the insipidity that awaits.” He tugged on my arm as he changed in their direction. “Come on.”
Looking at the distance from where we were to the gazebo, I sighed and followed where he led. The distance was a never-ending blanket of greenery with sprawling trees, designed shrubs, and manicured grass which wasn’t so pleasant for my heels.
“Gym,” Natalio laughed when he heard my breath quickening. “You need to work out often. Then excursion like this would be facile. As a matter of fact, you’re gonna start working out with me in the mornings.”
My eyes rolled at his admonition. I hated working out. But I knew he was right.
As we neared his brothers, Natalio’s adolescent grin widened. His mood had brightened considerably. He was obviously happy to see them. There was no underlying emotion, his love for them and the frisson of excitement at the sight of his brothers were translucent and palpable.
We entered the gazebo and the trio instantly joined in an animation of hugs and back slaps and merry greetings as if they hadn’t seen each other in years.
“What the hell are you two rakehells doing out here?” Natalio ask, replacing his hand in mine.
“Numbing our veins before we step into that hell-hole,” one brother replied. “Who’s this brown-eyed, pulchritudinous babe?” he asked and winked at me.
“None of that bullshit, Love,” Natalio warned.
Even as they talked, my gaze was riveted upon the brother who winked at me. His beauty was…unbelievable.
Natalio wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me close to him. “This ‘brown-eyed, pulchritudinous babe’ is my soon to be wife, Sadie,” he smirked. “Sadie, these are my two halves, Lovello and Trevillo Nelson.”
Lovello was the one who I had my eyes transfixed on.
Both brothers shared a quick glance and then their eyes circled as they said in unison, “Sadie?”
Natalio cast his eyes upward. “I know what you’re thinking. Yes. This is Sadie.”
“Holy hell!” Trevillo exclaimed. Trevillo was the same height as Natalio, with neatly groomed dark hair, high jaws, a cute, upturn nose and pale blue eyes. They were not as bright a blue as Natalio’s, but there was a glint of something mischievous in them. Something wicked. Yes, he was wickedly handsome. “Where’s your halo?” he asked.
My brows furrowed.
Lovello butted in. “We’ve been hearing about you since antediluvian times. Finally. You’re actually real and not fictitious.”
Lovello was beyond, and I mean beyond handsome. He was, hands down, the most beautiful man I’d ever seen. He was as beautiful as a man could ever get without being mistaken for a woman. I cocked my head to one side in appraisal of his glorious face. He had inky, messy hair atop, slate-gray eyes with hints of blue, straight nose, angled jaw, sculptured peach lips and…and everything impeccable. No man should ever be that good-looking. It wasn’t normal.
“Are you legal?”I blurted. The words were out of my mouth before I could even stop them. Natalio’s hand tightened around my waist. These brothers could easily pass for triplets, with Lovello being more handsome than Natalio, and Natalio being more handsome than Trevillo.
“Christ, Sadie, you couldn’t have been immune to this jackass’s looks?” Natalio asked apathetically, but his tight grip on my waist belied his calm demeanor.
“Oh my god. I’m so sorry. It’s just…” I gathered my wits and reached out my hand. “Nice to meet you.”
After shaking both brothers’ hands, I turned into Natalio’s arms and offered my lips to him. Assuring him that I was his.
“Okay. Okay, we get it. You two are in love,” said Lovello, holding his hands aloft.
Trevillo chuckled in good humor, watching us with shrewd eyes.”Aren’t you gonna take a swig, brother?”
Natalio shook his head.
“God knows I need it,” Lovello said as he knocked back a cube of amber liquid. “I lost 2.6mil in an over-impulsive investment. I won’t even consider the possibility that Father’s not aware. I just might be the main course this evening.”
The brothers chuckled.
“And you?” Natalio asked Trevillo.
Trevillo shrugged. “Mrs. Lonnes divulged.”
“Of that affair I was benighted!” Natalio said through a hearty laugh. “Are you ever gonna sleep with anyone your own age…and who’s not married?”
“Young chicks are nitwits who only jabber about love and marriage and happily ever after. I’m not in for all that bullshit. These women who are already married or divorced know the deal. They’ve been there, done that, and now know that marriage is not all it’s cracked up to be. So they’re in for what I’m in for: fun.” He turned his gaze to me. “No offense, Sadie.”
“None taken,” Natalio and I replied in unison.
Lovello clasped his hands over his heart and said in a mocked girl voice, “Awe, you guys are so cute.”
Natalio made a swift swing at him but Lovello ducked and shifted to the side laughing like a young boy. They were a lively, sophomoric trio.
“We can see that your ass is going to be for dessert,” Trevillo said to Natalio.
Natalio sighed and ran his hand through his hair.
“Don’t sweat it. He just might surprise us and not be a total douche today,” Lovello consoled, patting him on the back.
Turning to Natalio, I made to ask what he would be chewed up for, but the lightheartedness instantly vanished and their faces hardened with compressed lips, as they looked to the left where a lissome, dark-haired girl, wearing a gorgeous purple gown, strode lithely and purposefully towards us. She stopped at the steps of the gazebo and nodded.
“Brothers, Father beckons you now.”
Neither of them acknowledged her. Then she directed her gaze to me. “Hi, you must be Sadie.” She mounted the steps and offered her hand. “I’m Princessa Nelson.”
Taking her hand, I shook it and smiled. “Yes. Sadie Francé. Delighted to meet you.”
Princessa pursed her lips and scanned me from head to toe. She did a terrible job at trying to hide her sneer. “Hmm,” was all she said. Then turned stiffly and graced away.
“Ignore her,” Trevillo whispered. “She’s my sister but that won’t stop me from saying she’s a witch. Switch that ‘w’ to a ‘b’ and you’ll get my drift.” He turned to his brothers. “Time to be devoured boys.”
As we headed towards the house, I mulled over in my head that Natalio rarely ever mentioned his sister, just his brothers. “You and sister don’t get along?” I asked him.
“We use to trust her. But it took us a while to discover that she was a spy for Father. She’d listen in on everything we’d do or say then report back to him. So we ostracized her. Now she loathes us even more. Of course we love her, but she just can’t be trusted.” He bent his head to whisper in my ear. “I must warn you that this family is not, um…normal. Remember when I said we were pretentious?”
I nodded.
“Well, I wasn’t making light of the word. Once we enter this residence, we’re completely different persons; how we speak, walk and conduct ourselves. This is how we were raised. You’ll see. But don’t make fun of it, it’ll piss Father off.”
We were soon at the entry way of the grand house. Lovello and Trevillo were a few feet in front of us, clad in sharp tuxedos, crisp white shirts and bow ties just like Natalio. Uprightly postured, shoulders squared with one hand behind the back, they walked in single file towards the huge double doors where a pair of stiff menservants stood on either side. Natalio stopped and tilted my chin up, kissed my lips, then grasped my shoulders and pushed them backward.
Narrowing my eyes at him, I knocked his hands away and hissed, “Stop.”
He bit his lip, closed his eyes and gave a short shake of his head. “Okay. I’m sorry. Again.”
Hooking my arm through the crook of his, he placed his other hand behind his back, and he literally went wooden next to me. What the hell? Was all this really necessary?
Not wanting to laugh, I folded my lips and allowed him to lead me through the doors where the menservants nodded courtly with a “Pleasant good evening, Mr. Nelson. Ma’am.”
There was a tempting urge to roll my eyes but I ran it over with a bulldozer. This has got to be a joke.
We entered a capacious foyer, where the ceiling was as high as that of a Catholic church. Two long, winding stair cases with twisted golden banisters commanded one’s attention. The floors were white marble, and an imposing chandelier glistened from above. We continued towards another set of double doors where a towering, hard-faced, silver-haired man stood domineeringly upright, with an arm behind his back. His countenance held not a trace of emotion. Despite his tough demeanor, he was unequivocally handsome. There was no question as to where his sons’ handsomeness came from, for he was merely an older version.
Princessa, who was at the front of the queue, stepped up to him and nodded. “Father.” Next it was Lovello, then Trevillo, then Natalio and I stepped up. “Father,” Natalio nodded. “I’d like you to me—”
“Sadie Francé,” his father said in a chilling tone. I was close enough to see that his eyes were an intense steel-gray. Cold and impassive. He bore his eyes into mine without blinking. Neither did I, for what he didn’t know was that I found him idiosyncratically fascinating, not at all intimidating. He shifted his gaze to Natalio and nodded. Natalio strode off, propelling us into a grandiloquent room. Sumptuously and ornately decorated in white and gold. Everything was, true to his word, ostentatious and over the top. And I suddenly felt overwhelmed.
A purple, velvet, antique sofa with gold trimmings dominated the room, and upon it perched an extraordinarily beautiful middle-aged woman, resplendent in a flowing white and gold gown. One by one the brothers went over and pecked her stiffly on the cheek accompanied by “Mother.” She beamed at me and beckoned me to sit next to her once Natalio had introduced me.
“Sons,” the father’s voice resounded. “Study.”
Natalio gave me a reassuring squeeze before exiting the room with his brothers. Didn’t they call each other by their names in this house? It was Mother, Father, Brother, Sons…Jesus.
“Melinda Nelson,” the mother said in a sweet, soft voice. Her eyes were the exact bright blue like Natalio’s. And her coal-black hair was almost as long as mine.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mrs. Nelson.”
She leaned over and refilled her wineglass, asked if I wanted and frowned when I declined. I assessed her. Her smile was residual, but the sides of her eyes crinkled and there was a faint crooked line between her brows which told me she frowned and worried a lot.
“You are very beautiful,” she said.
“As are you, Mrs. Nelson.”
She frowned again, condensing the line between her brows, and gave a shy smile. But the beam that was in her eyes just seconds ago slipped, making evident the poignancy deep within.
Bingo. This woman was anything but happy. She didn’t believe she was beautiful?
“It’s nice that you two have found each other again,” she said in that soft voice. “My son used to go on and on about you when you two dated a few years back. He really loves you, you know.”
So she knew about our turbulent relationship then.
“As I do him. I’ve never been more felicitous,” I replied in my seldom used polite tone.
Melinda gazed at the wine in her glass and twirled it around unconsciously. “It’s beyond a boon when two people are equally in love with each other. Nothing but love holding the two together. No worldly thing. No mercenary intentions.”
Could her sadness be any more palpable? Did she marry a man she didn’t love because of money and now regretted it? Let me not judge. I just needed to hurry through this dinner.
Melinda leaned across and clasped her hand down on mine, taking me by surprise. “Do you really love him? Men change, you know. They change with such rapidity that—”
“Of course she doesn’t,” said a voice behind me, which I now recognized as Princessa’s. “She has a gold eye, and Brother’s a sucker for thinking she actually loves him.”
Disregarding her entirely, I remained stoic. Natalio had requested that I didn’t be sensitive. And innately I was not.
“Wane off, Princess,” Melinda said with an irritated wave. “Ignore her,” she whispered. “Nothing annoys her more.”
I plastered a smile on my face. “It’s okay. I’m not that easily riled. I need to use the powder room.” The word ‘bathroom’, I assumed, might be deemed inappropriate in this house and have me tossed out on my head.
“Left,” Melinda replied, pointing towards a doorway. “At the very end of the hall.”
I thanked her and sped off, grateful to get away. As I sidled down the dragging hall, I noticed that there were paintings of each family member. How much more archaic could this family get? Of Natalio’s painting, he stood primly in tux and bow tie, his face hard and stern. It made me giggle. There were a few others with younger versions of all three boys. One where they romped in the gardens, one by a pond, and another on the beach. As I continued my journey down the hall, stopping occasionally to scrutinize a painting, I heard harsh vociferations leaking from a room a few feet away from me. The door was slightly ajar and I edged closer to eavesdrop.
“…and my last words to you Lovello, is that ‘punishment is made for mockers and the backs of fools are made to be beaten!’” All three brothers had joined in midway through the verse.
Well, now I understood Natalio’s constant repetitions of bible verses.
“Do you boys think this is funny?” the father shouted.
“No, Father,” they all replied.
“Now you, Natalio, have you made up your mind about NIFTZ yet?”
“No. I’m still thinking—”
His father cut him off. “What the hell are you still thinking about? Who thinks about money? Fretting will kill your uncle much sooner than the cancer. Just accept the damn company and put the man out of his misery. Of your brothers, he chose you because he deems you more assiduous and goal-adhered. You’re constantly there with him in Japan, knows more about the business than any of us and that’s why he wants you to take it over. There’s nothing to think about.”
“I know bu—”
“It’s a multi-billion dollar company, son. You will accept it,” his father ended in a cold, commanding, case-closed tone. No room spared for debate. “Now, what of this girl your mother tells me you’re planning on marrying?”
My heart ricocheted in my chest.
“She’s—”
“Sadie Francé. Twenty-four years of age. Has been with drug dealers. Has been jailed. Has worked in a strip club. Has dated your own associate, Devon, and now she’s got her paws into you. Are you purblind? Asinine? An utter and complete lummox? Tell me!”
“None of that matters,” Natalio replied in an empty tone. “Sadie’s who I love. We’ve known each other since—”
“Ah, this is the same girl you’ve been running around with when you nearly lost your life in ELA? I see.”
“Yes. If I had stayed with her that night I wouldn’t hav—”
“I do not approve,” the father clipped. Finalized. Decision made.
An involuntary breath of air whooshed through me, and I inhaled and exhaled slowly, trying to calm my pounding heart. You never really know how important the acceptance of your lover’s family is to you until you get rejected by them.
Natalio’s voice was still and reverential. “I didn’t ask for your approval, Father.”
“Oh?” His father’s tone was heavy with surprise and incredulity. “No. You did not. But I am telling you anyway. She can’t be a Nelson. She’s not of our strata.”
“You can’t stop me,” Natalio’s voice was determined.
“Shut. Up. Boy! You know bloody well that I can. And I will!”
All veneration was eradicated from Natalio’s voice when he spoke again. “You will not! You will not!”
Mumbles from the other brothers pleaded in earnest for Natalio to tone down, but Natalio continued. “I will marry her and you won’t stop me. Repudiate me, dammit! Even if she wants me for what I can give, I don’t give a shit! I’ll give her anything she desires because she makes me content. I. Love. Her. And that’s what people do when they are in love, they bound themselves to each other. I lost her once because of you and you will not take her away from me again. Do you hear me?” Natalio’s breathing was so loud and harsh it made me shiver. When he spoke again, his tone was more controlled. “My life has always been yours, Father. I do everything you tell me to.”
“Never without exhortation, you stubborn horse,” the father spat.
Natalio continued as if his father never spoke. “I’ve lived my life to please you. To gain your respect and honor. There was never a decision made for my life that was autonomous because of my submission to you. But not this time. Disown me. Do what you have to. But your approval for my marriage to Miss Francé is not needed.”
Marcello scoffed. “Oh yes it—”
“I will not take relationship advice from a man who knows not the denotation of fidelity!” Natalio snapped.
“Shit Natalio, stop. Stop now,” one brother pleaded.
“No.” Natalio said. “You didn’t think we knew, Father? Well, we do.”
The father, Mr. Marcello Nelson, was, for once, quiet. So that’s why the mother seemed so unhappy. The jerk was sleeping around on her. And how do you even try to divorce a man like him? I was overwhelmed just by eavesdropping. Why did Natalio and his brothers put up with his shit? The man was unbearable.
Natalio’s voice came leveled and lower as if not wanting such contents to be overheard. “Maybe if you’d married someone you actually loved, and wasn’t concerned about what Mother was bringing to the marriage, then you wouldn’t have to…”
The sounds of approaching footsteps jerked me away from the door. I turned to see two maidservants striding down the hall, one was carrying an arm full of folded white towels and the other was carrying a tea tray. I ambled on, hoping I was succeeding at looking casual and not suspicious. But when I neared the maids, the shorter one with the towels leaned towards me and said, “Ya better be careful aroun’ here, girlie. These folks are lineage of piranhas.” She winked at me and walked on.
Relief flooded through me, and I sighed, grateful that I wasn’t caught by a figure that was less in my favor like Princessa Nelson.
After being sedated by the exchange of text messages with Kelsy, updating her about the formality and antiquity of the Nelsons, my abrasive welcome, and their unconcealed disdain for me, I took a deep breath and exited the powder room, bracing for the storm’s eye.
I took timid steps down the hall, not wanting to hurt even a wandering ant. The study door flew open and out breezed Natalio in a fit of pique, ensued by his brothers. Though I quickened my steps, I didn’t catch up with him because the hall was so damn long. I heard his distant call of my name from where he’d left me, so I hurried along and as soon as I entered the great room—which was now crowded with what I assume were the rest of the Nelsons, aunts and cousins and whoever—Natalio grabbed my wrist and tugged me towards the exit. “Come. We’re leaving.”
Protest? No, I did not. For I was ecstatic about fleeing the medieval family. As we reached the double doors for exiting, Trevillo, the eldest brother, caught hold of Natalio’s arm.
“Christ, Natalio, will you please calm down?” he said. “You know this is what Father wants. He’ll think he’s won. Because you’ll go home and be eaten up with guilt of your broken reverence then later give in to whatever he wants you to do just to regain his honor. You know that’s how it always plays off. Stay, and he’ll see that you’re serious about this.” Trevillo glanced at me and gave a faint smile, not knowing that I’d overheard—um, eavesdropped and knew what they were talking about. Me.
Natalio heaved and looked down at me, his eyes flaming with rage, his nostrils flaring. In the hopes of quelling him, I reached up to cup his face and gave him a soft kiss. He pressed his forehead to mine and closed his eyes, his breathing evening out. “Okay,” he said. “I’ll stay.”
“Good,” his brother replied with a pat on the back. He leaned in and lowered his voice, “You really flipped out with that bit, brother. Now that he knows that we know, he’ll—”
“Stop playing Mr. Impeccable?” Natalio snapped.
Trevillo sighed and folded his lips. “Let’s just have dinner and get this dreadful evening over with, shall we?”



Chapter Twenty Four


In the safety of Natalio’s arms, I stood reticent as the family engaged in dull conversations, waiting patiently and without complaints for the dinner’s commencement. For me, it was one helluva wait. What was taking so long? It was just food.
I’d scarcely finished the thought when a rotund, middle-aged manservant emerged through a set of double doors that had been closed on the right, holding a wand that seemed much too heavy for his proportion. He held it aloft before slicing it through the air and hitting it against a huge gold gong that I hadn’t even noticed was there. The blow elicited a loud, grating bang, ceasing all chattering and yanking everyone’s attention.
“Good evening, everyone,” he said courteously. “Dinner shall inaugurate.” He stepped aside and gestured to the double doors that were immediately pulled open by another pair of menservants. All the Nelsons garnered single file and walked through the double doors. I folded my lips and followed, trying with tenuous control not to fall into a howl of laughter at this family’s over-the-top absurdities. A small giggle managed to escape and Natalio glanced down at me with warning eyes.
The dinner room was white and…astronomic and archaically decorated with antique pieces and paintings. Silver draperies curved away from gold-framed windows. Elaborate high-back, red velvet chairs surrounded the longest dining table I’d ever seen. Above was an exquisite glistening chandelier that lit up the room. But what really made me refrain from taking these people seriously was the pig on a spit that spun on open fire next to the fireplace. It was as if I’d stepped into a scene of a Jane Austen novel. These people couldn’t possibly be serious.
What century was I in again? What country?
My teeth sank harder into my lip as I tried to suppress my threatening laughter. But I had to let my lip loose from the grip of my teeth when I tasted the metallic tinge of blood.
I was seated between Natalio and a plump, chattering aunt. Across from us sat Trevillo and Lovello. Their ascendant of a father sat at the head of the table, with Melinda on one side and Princessa of the other. The table was laden with fruits and delicacies, crystal glasses—no less, and the finest silver wares. The waiters came around filling our glasses with water and wine while the heavy commanding voice of Marcello Nelson welcomed and wished all the enjoyment of their monthly family dinner…
“The family that prays and eats together, stays together. We must never be too busy, too wealthy, or too proud for family. Because after everyone has failed us, we can always count on family.” He took a sip of his water and continued. “And to my children, you all know I love you dearly and I want only the best for you. This verse I shall continue to preach to you at every Third Sunday Dinner until I breathe no more: ‘My children, listen when your father corrects you. Pay attention and learn good judgment, for I am giving you good guidance. Don’t turn away from my instructions. For I, too, was once my father’s son. My father taught me, “Take my words to heart. Follow my commands, and you will live. Get wisdom; develop good judgment. Don’t forget my words or turn your back on them. Don’t turn your back on wisdom, for she will protect you. Getting wisdom is the wisest thing you can do!” My child, listen to me and do as I say, and you will have a long, good life. When you walk, you won’t be held back. When you run, you won’t stumble. Take hold of my instructions, don’t let them go. Guard them, for they are the key to life. My sons, guard your heart above all else, for it will determine the course of your life.”
The last sentence made me wince, as those were the same words Natalio had said to me when I’d begged him to take me back. And I began to wonder, Was I bad for him? Was I not best for him?
So far no one seemed to approve of me, apart from Natalio’s brothers and his mother—maybe. Who said I could see their hearts? All other family members either gave tight smiles or downright sneers. I felt like Anne Boleyn seated at a table with the Tudors.
“Stop,” Natalio whispered against my ear. “He repeats this at every damn dinner. Stop reading into it. You are what’s best for me.”
How did he know what I was mulling over? Were we so connected? Gosh, I loved him.
The rotund middle-aged man entered the room and banged a smaller gong this time. When all the chattering had ceased, he spoke. “We now serve you the first course of the evening.” As he said this, maidservants marched in with trays. “Chilled broccoli soup with seared scallops, salt cod mousse and broccoli sprouts.” And then he departed.
Leaning into Natalio I whispered, “Seriously, is all this really necessary?”
Biting his lip to suppress his smile, he brought his index finger to his lips in a ‘shh’ gesture.
I rolled my eyes and eyed my soup dubiously. It was green.
“It’s delectable,” Natalio said. “And healthy. As matter of fact, I’ll be banning you from pizza. Now eat up. You haven’t eaten anything since breakfast—which was pizza.”
Ignoring him, I took a taste. It was indeed toothsome. As I lifted another spoonful to my mouth, the chilling voice of Marcello Nelson sounded. “Miss Francé.”
Inwardly preparing myself for whatever was to come, I looked to him.
“My son has informed me that you two are to be wed.”
My lips curved in an insincere smile. “Yes, Mr—”
“Tell me about yourself,” he demanded. As if he didn’t already know everything about me. If he thought I was going to put up with his bullshit he had another thing coming. I was not one of his offspring.
Natalio’s hand found mine and squeezed, but I barely felt it, because I was preparing for a match with the oh-so-feared Marcello Nelson.
“Sadie Elizabene Francé. Twenty-four years of age—Oh, what the heck. I’m wasting my time, aren’t I? It is without doubt that you have already conducted a background check on me, Mr. Nelson. There is no need to audit my veracity. I am candor personified.”
Marcello sucked a breath at my audacity and his eyes grew colder, his face harder, and his framed squared in his high-back chair. Natalio squeezed my hand and narrowed his eyes in warning, while everyone else at the table stared at me as if I was an asylum escapee.
Marcello spoke in a steady, ice-blowing tone. “Indeed, Miss Francé. You are correct. I have executed such a task. Your father is deceased. What of your mother?”
“My mother, at the moment, is battling with her own mortality,” I replied, composed. “You see, Mr. Nelson, HIV was the accolade my mother received for being wedded to an abusive, dominant husband of incalculable infidelities.”
There was a disrupting clatter ensued by a cough as Melinda’s soup spoon ‘accidentally’ fell; her face was flushed a bright shade of crimson. And I watched as Marcello’s hand subtly disappeared under the table, and a second later Melinda’s eyes flew to his face on a gasp. He was no doubt sinking his fingernails into her thigh as a warning for her to contain herself. It was a famous move of my father’s. But he didn’t even look at her, he was looking at me. Whatever pain he was inflicting on her beneath the table was enough to set her in place. Melinda’s hand shook as she recovered her spoon and resumed eating.
Abuser. Yes, this man was everything like my father. How could he be preaching goodness and all that’s holy when he was everything opposite?
With his eyes never leaving mine, he spoke again. “I have come to the conclusion that you are not worthy of my progeny, Miss Francé.”
Progeny! How old was this man? I pulled my hand away from Natalio’s grasp that’d grown tighter around my wrist with every word I spoke. There was no way in hell that I was going leave this house with downcast eyes. If I was to leave, then I’d be leaving with a bang. All my life I’ve been antagonized. And at this point in my life I think I was immune to antagonism. His harsh tone or his cold stare didn’t scare me. My father was just the same, so I’ve had training enough to stand up to this double-ass.
With mock disappointment, I slumped my shoulders and peered up at Natalio who was glaring at me. “Oh no. You mean to tell me that I’ve gone through all that trouble to sink my claws into an eligible bachelor so my future would be secured and now…and now it will be thwarted? I won’t get to marry you without signing a prenuptial agreement, then divorce you twelve months later taking a chunk of all you own? Shucks! Well, that’s a bummer.”
Natalio eyes threatened to roll from their sockets, while everyone else gaped at me. I averted my gaze to Marcello whose demeanor hadn’t changed a bit. He was indeed a hard nugget to crack. I had work on my hands. “I’m ascertained your progenies’ posteriors will be ecstatic that you’ll be too wizened or crippled to dictate to them. I can already taste their elation, Mr. Nelson,” I said without batting an eyelash.
Marcello leaned forward, bracing an arm on the table, his steely gray eyes pinioned mine. “Miss Francé, a prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions. The simpleton goes blindly on and suffers the consequences.”
So now he was threatening me through bible verses? How low! Game on Marcello Nelson, because I read the bible, too.
I held my composure, and his gaze. “Like a fluttering sparrow or a darting swallow, an undeserved curse will not land on its intended victim.”
Almost imperceptibly, his head jerked back as if he couldn’t believe I could quote the bible also. But only I noticed, because all widened eyes were transfixed on me. Natalio was fuming but I didn’t give a hoot.
Marcello tightened his lips. “My child, eat honey, for it is good, and the honeycomb is sweet to taste.”
I inwardly rolled my eyes and retorted, “And yet, in the subsequent chapter it warns, ‘It’s not good to eat too much honey, and it’s not good to seek honors for yourself’.”
Marcello blinked.
And at that instant, Natalio pushed back his chair with a loud screech and grabbed my hand pulling me from my chair. “Enough, Sadie! We’re leaving.”
“No,” ringed Marcello’s voice. “Dinner has already begun. You shall stay.” He leaned back in his chair, tracing his index finger across his lower lip as his gaze remained locked with mine. “You’ve got a pair of balls on you, Miss Francé.”
I daggered his steely grays with my cognac browns. “Perceptive you are, Mr. Nelson. Heavy balls. And at the moment, they are itching.”
A stifled laugh came from across the table and I needn’t look to know it was Lovello.
Marcello narrowed his eyes at me. “Are you deliberately trying to exacerbate my psyche, Miss Francé?”
“I wouldn’t dare at an attempt of rattling your indecipherable oddity of a psyche, your grace,” I said, adding a reverential nod for emphasis.
The corners of his lips seemed to twitch, but it was hard to tell, for one’s eyes tend to play tricks when they stare for too long. Marcello failed at another utterance. He just stared deathly at me, not blinking, neither did I.
Who the hell did he think he was? I’d been abused from ear to ear by a father who was just as dominant. Came face-to-face with death on numerous occasions. Had my life threatened innumerable times. Had guns pressed to my scull and all things similar. I wouldn’t back down from his stare, he didn’t scare me one bit and so I held his gaze, neither of us backing down. My eyes threatened to water and I hoped he’d give in sometime soon.
Then he blinked. But he didn’t break the gaze and I assume he blinked thinking it would galvanize me into blinking, too, but I didn’t. He blinked again. I didn’t, even though my eyes started to water. With a third blink he targeted his gaze to the eldest son. “Trevillo, tell me about this new project of yours.”
For a moment, the entire room was quiescent, as if no one could believe what they’d just witnessed. Then, like the snap of a hypnotist’s fingers, everyone started chattering at once. I dared not glance at Natalio, because his fury was tangible. Of him I was afraid.
A lone grape rolled across the table towards me, prompting me to look up and I caught Lovello’s eyes. He grinned at me and mouthed, “I love you. Marry me.”
Natalio tugged my fingers and hissed, “Eat up,” all the while glowering at Lovello who didn’t seem the least affected by his brother’s anger.
Dinner continued in tedium with the occasional gonging to introduce ensuing courses. Marcello neither looked nor spoke in my direction again, in pretense I wasn’t at the table, I guess.
Soon, the dishes of the last course were cleared and the rotund middle aged man appeared announcing that it was time for entertainment.
Entertainment?! When will this be over?
We entered another sumptuous and extravagant room where there was a cellist, a violinist, a jazz band and a group of ballets dancers. And I realized that I’d be stuck here until all these performances were finished. Natalio was right, this was punishment. I couldn’t help the thought that the first gate we drove through was a time machine to an earlier century. The cellist began his performance and Natalio took two glasses of champaign and handed one to me, staring down at me phlegmatically. What’s he thinking? Was he still mad?
Just as I was about to ask him, Lovello joined us with mock seriousness. “Natalio brother, Sadie was quite audacious. And her behavior to father is unacceptable. Please, do not pardon her. Break up with her so I can take her for myself and marry her at midnight. Please.”
Natalio glared at his younger brother. “How would you like to die, Love? Asphyxiation of decapitation? Choose.”
Lovello held his hands up in defense with a grin. “I’m just saying, brother. I wished Nicole had balls like her and hadn’t allowed Father to scare her away. I adore your brazenness, Sadie. Whenever this asshole screws up—because we both know he will—I’ll have a ring waiting for you.” He winked a slate-gray eye at me, disregarding Natalio’s glare.
We were a minute later joined by Trevillo and a tall, broad-shouldered, dark-blond guy, Paul, who I was earlier informed was Princessa’s husband. His lips were perpetually pursed and his cleft chin tilted upwards. Maybe he thought that gave him an intimidating look? It didn’t. It rather made him look constipated.
“Father hasn’t chased you away, Sadie,” said Trevillo. “Which means he’s either intrigued by you and plans on toying with you further to see if you’ll crack under pressure, or he’s in love with you—which he’ll never admit to.”
Not knowing how to reply, I just smiled at him.
“How’s that frog experiment of yours coming along?” Lovello asked Paul.
“Well, it’s in its embryonic—”
“So are you enjoying the evening, Sadie?” Trevillo continued, as if Paul didn’t exist.
Natalio and Lovello choked on stifled laughs and I immediately noted that they weren’t fond of Paul.
Paul flattened his lips and excused himself, then all three brothers broke into laughter. There were so…childish.
“Look at him,” Lovello chuckled. “Not even God can convince me that that dude isn’t queer.”
“Walks like he’s got a dick up his ass,” Trevillo commented. “Or wearing a diaper loaded with shit.”
“And that’s the man Father approved of for Princess,” Natalio added.
“Serves the witch right,” said Lovello.
A short, corpulent woman, with trimmed black hair and sunken eyes, walked up to us with a curvaceous brunette next to her. She gave me a curt nod then turned to the brothers. “My, my, I can bet you three are up to no good.”
Trevillo answered. “Oh, you know that’s a rather a loose comment, Aunt Lina. You know how productive we are. Never idlers. In fact, we were just discussing the process of coitus, when the priapus enters the…um, sheath. We were also commenting on the male species’ elation of fellation during copulation.”
My mouth fell open and gaped at Trevillo. This was his aunt! I sooner realized that this was more jesting when the woman smiled adoringly at the trio and said, “Oh, Marcello raised you boys so well. I could never understand your big words and you boys always talk like that just to show off.”
Or to humor you…
She turned to the brunette. “See, I told you they were intelligent braniacs. They make us proud.”
In order not to laugh, I sucked in my cheeks.
The curvaceous brunette—who clearly didn’t understand the smuttiness of Trevillo’s words either—fluttered her eyes at Lovello as he took her hand and kissed it.
“Aunt Lina, how related are Suzie and I again?” asked Lovello, his eyes never leaving the brunette’s copious bosom.
“She’s a fourth cousin of yours. The relation is obscure.” The woman looked between the two and snatched the brunette’s hand from Lovello. “But you are related. So no, you can’t sleep with her. This is not the fourteenth century.” With that, she bounced off with Suzie.
Natalio laughed hard, tossing his head back. “Aunt Lina knows damn well she’s lying through her teeth.”
“I know right,” dipped Trevillo. “That girl is not related to us in any way, shape or form.”
“Family or not, I’m squeezing that curvy derriere tonight,” averred Lovello as he winked at Suzie who gave him a coquettish glance over her shoulder.
“Typical you, Love,” muttered Trevillo. “Just don’t get her pregnant in case she really is family, for your child might be born with two noses and one eye.
They all laughed.
“Damn, did you see Aunt Lina’s triple stomach…?”
All the while I stood there staring in disbelief at the three—smoking hot—miscreants as they commented and jeered mercilessly at their family members like a bunch of college students. They made me laugh until my eyes watered and I allowed myself the indulgence, for their crudeness was much more entertaining than the lusterless entertainment of violinists and cellists provided.
I’ve survived in the house of the Nelsons.



Chapter Twenty Five


We drove home from the dinner in complete silence. I’d slump with exaggerated exhaustion once we’d exited the second gate of the Nelson residence. Natalio had emitted an ephemeral chuckle and then heavy, uncomfortable silence ensued. He hadn’t mentioned anything about the tense bicker between his father and me, and I couldn’t gauge just how angry he was with me. He’d laughed and talked animatedly with his brothers, but never with me.
What was the depth of trouble I was in? What was he thinking? Would he leave me because I showed no respect to his father, his idol? If so, then I was now beginning to suffer deep remorse. I didn’t want to lose him. My apprehension grew onerous as we neared his home.
Natalio pulled into his garage, parked, pulled up the handbrake, and then turned to look at me. His expression was unrevealing and I tried to brace myself for his imminent explosion. Peculiar, that hours ago I’d stared down the one man he, Natalio, was afraid of, yet I was so intimidated by him. What was it about him that made me so unnerved?
Natalio didn’t speak, he just gazed at me with stolidity. I tried to hold his gaze, I really tried, but my eyes fell to my fingers that restlessly ruffled the edges of my purse.
“Look at me, Sadie,” he commanded. “You just stared down one of the most domineering blood I’ve ever known. A man who has intimidated some the most powerful business men to have his way. Why can’t you look at me?”
I didn’t look up at him when I asked, “Are you still mad at me?”
No sound came from him, and the silence extended. When I risked a peek up at him, the apathy remained in the depth of his blues. And even then, he was still irresistible. My tongue flicked out and wet my lips, for they were dry—and because my libido was awakened by the sensuality he oozed. My body was instantaneously and inexplicably warm. Because of the confinement of the jeep, maybe—even though the air conditioner was on full blast?
Natalio’s lids lowered and his eyes darkened, emotion danced in his optics now, that emotion called lust. We gazed at each other, my breath hastening as did his, and I could see in his tempestuous eyes that if he took me at this very minute, it would be fast and hard and…hot.
Taking pre-emptive action, I unlocked my seat belt and leaped at him, wrapping my arms his neck while his hands clasped my hips and pulled me onto his lap. His tongue dipped into my mouth, exploring, as we ravaged each other with hard, hungry thrust for thrust. Lips biting, tongues tangling, saliva mixing, moans digesting. Natalio dragged up my dress, freeing my legs so I could straddle him, our lips never parting. His hands squeezed my buttocks hard as he flexed his hips forward, allowing me to feel his hard erection.
Oh god, I wanted him so bad. I needed him. Now.
His thoughts must have mirrored mine, because he spared no time in freeing himself from the constraints of his trousers and made quick work of shifting my panties and entering me.
“Ah,” I moaned, closing my eyes and tipping my head back.
Natalio attacked my neck, sucking and nipping as he thrust up into my strides. “Harder,” he breathed. “Faster.”
I clung to his shoulders and did as he commanded, reveling in the feeling of him swelling inside me. No latex between, just us, hard against soft. The feeling was exquisite, and I felt the wave building at my impending orgasm. Natalio’s breathing grew harsher, more ragged as I rode him, taking all of him, our juices mixing. My legs trembled and my strides accelerated, harder, faster, possessed. This wave was going to be a big one. Vibration rocked me as the wave rose up in the sea. I surfed on the edge before the wave swallowed whole me and crashed me onto the shore. I shattered around my lover, contracting at my release.
Natalio hissed air through his teeth, gripped my waist and slammed me down onto him, meeting his last hard thrust with a feral “Damn you, Sadieee!”
He pulsated inside me, flooding me with latent Nelsons as he buried his face into my cleavage, his arms wrapped tightly around me. Then we sagged, spent. We stayed that way for… who knows how long.
“Where did…where did you learn to speak like that?” Natalio asked my breasts.
It took me a minute to realize he was referring to my bickering at the dinner. “I told you, I read a lot.” Though I haven’t been doing much of that lately.
He raised his head from my bosom and kissed my lips. “You surprised me. I was so confused because I wasn’t sure if I should be angry with you or kiss you senseless. And so turned on I couldn’t even see straight. But then, that was my father. So for the whole time I was unsure of how I should deal with you on the matter.” He kissed me again and smirked. “This was a really nice way of dealing with the matter.” Kiss. Kiss. “As for my father, I can’t say. He either loves you or hates you for it. We’ll know within a month or so. If he’s fond of you, he’ll surreptitiously inquire about your well-being. Financial-wise, health-wise and every other wise.” Another kiss. “But the possibility that he hates you is highly unlikely, because he wouldn’t have allowed you stay at the dinner table after your brazen words. Chances are, he’ll deem your unshrinking as potential and thrust you a palatable business proposal that will be hard to turn down.” Kiss again. “My advice to you if such a gesture is made, do not accept. Because then your life will be automated by him. And you belong to me. No one else.”
“I’ve been on my own for basically all my life, Natalio. I’m like an adjustable wrench. I can adjust myself to whatever situation I’m thrown into. I allow virtually nothing to rile me. That’s how I survive. And that’s why I was upset when you were trying to change me. You don’t know this because you’ve skipped seven years of my life and this is the reason I suggested we wait before getting married.”
Natalio took on an expression of contrition.
I tightened my arms around him.”You are the only one who can awaken my emotions. From anger to love. You are my everything. And I love you. Have faith in me.”
“I do,” he replied. “But no, marriage can’t wait. I just…need you. No waiting.” He frowned. “What’s your take on children? We just had unprotected sex.”
“No worries. I’m on the Pill.”
Natalio narrowed his eyes at me. “I’d rather you be off them.”
Whoa. Slow down! “No, not yet, Mr. Let’s-get-married-and-have-kids-in-one-breath. Maybe in the next twenty-four months.”
“How about the next twelve months?”
“Sixteen,” I countered.
“Eleven.”
“Nine.” What? Oh dang. “Shit, I meant ninetee—”
“Nine months. Deal,” Natalio grinned.
I huffed and thumped him. “You…you…hellion!”
“I’ve been called worst.” He tugged my chin and brought my lips to his. “Now, Miss Francé, I’d like to take you inside and make love to you in every position anatomically possible.”
This man…is my man.
“I belong only to you, Nelly. You shall do with me as you please.”



“Will you tell me where you’re taking me?” I asked Natalio.
It was the following weekend, Saturday. And I was once again seething from Natalio’s cosseting behavior towards me. Only minutes ago had we managed to untangle ourselves from a high-pitched, unsavory argument that had erupted after he’d blindfolded me and led me into a two-storey building—intent on surprising me—that he bought for me to open my own fashion house. The man didn’t even ask me if San Francisco was where I’d prefer to have a fashion house. And I was pissed, which resulted in a crestfallen, sullen Natalio and a yelling Sadie. Of course, our angry, vein-bulging shouting later transmuted into fuming sex against a wall in the empty building, with bouncing echoes of moans and groans.
Natalio was calmed, I was still seething. He’d promised he would modify his controlling mannerisms, but he hadn’t.
Though I didn’t show my appreciation, the building was amazing and I was already planning in my head how I’d design it and what I’d name it. I knew Natalio wanted to give me everything, but I just wished he would’ve asked me first.
But then, that wouldn’t have made it a surprise now, would it, Sadie?
Oh, shut up, Conscience!
“No,” Natalio answered. Then he smiled. “You’re so cute when you’re angry. You should know by now Sadie, that your anger for me is aphrodisiacal.”
I sighed in resignation. The man was incorrigible. And I was going to have to live with it.
The sun was on its diurnal descent when Natalio steered onto open, verdant land in Napa Valley, then flashed me a wide grin. There were a group of men setting up a hot air balloon and I knew then how our evening would be spent. Oh dear.
“You’re not afraid of heights, are you?” he teased.
“I’m not afraid of anything, Natalio,” I retorted. “Just you,” I added in a lower inflection.
Was this his way of trying to help me get over my fear of heights? Or was it a punishment for some unknown peccadillo that I’d committed and he wanted me to see me beg with frightened eyes?
He leaned over and gave me a loud smack on the cheek. “Good. Don your jacket.”
Hot air balloon. I’ve never been on one before and I was—despite my irritable fear of heights—excited. Many a time I’d wondered what it felt to ride a hot air balloon and had wondered if I’d one day muster up the courage to do so.
Shrugging on my denim jack, I narrowed my eyes in the distance and watched as the massive yellow balloon slowly inflated, tilting to the side as the group of men struggled to keep it grounded.
“We better hurry on,” Natalio said. “Come.” He took my hand and for a moment I couldn’t keep my eyes off him. Natalio was lucent in white sneakers, white jeans and a white V-neck sweater. The cherry-red hickey that I’d given him during a round of mind-numbing sex last night stood prominently on his neck. His face was bright with delight and he looked every bit like the cheery guy I’d fallen in love with seven years ago.
Damn, I love this man…
By the time we waded through the winds and got to the balloon, it was fully inflated and righted, fighting against the strains of the men.
“Ready and all yours, Nelson,” shouted one of the men.
Natalio climbed into the huge woven basket then lifted me over as the pilot pulled on the gas lever. It was so loud I could hardly hear Natalio’s warnings for me to be careful. Once we were on and steady, the men released their hold and the balloon drifted up. There was no fear, surprisingly. And I couldn’t obliterate the silly grin that resided on my face.
“Is this a better surprise?” Natalio asked.
“Yes,” I grinned. “Thank you. I frickin’ love you!”
We were soon high in ascent, and the sun’s slow descent effected a peaceful tangerine sky. My heart wasn’t even beating as hard as it normally does whenever I’m up high. Maybe it’s because my lover’s arms were wrapped tight around me. And I could feel his eyes hot on my face while I pleasured my eyes with the picturesque view of Napa Valley below. He seemed to enjoy watching me enjoy myself.
Natalio drifted his hands up to my shoulders and turned me to face him, his eyes intense and brimming with love. He lifted my left hand to his lips, and then suddenly sank to one knee, the untamed wind tossing his hair about his face.
Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. What was he doing? I already said yes.
“Sadie,” he began. “I knew from the very first time I saw you that you were mine. I was bewitched, and the spell hasn’t been reversed since then. And I don’t want it to. I know you’ve already said yes, but I wanted to give you the fairy tale that every girl desires. I want to be your Prince Charming. Your Knight in Shining Armor. Your Romeo. I want to be your Everything. Anything you should so desire, as long as it is in my power, you shall acquire. We’re adrift in the sky, closer to God’s angels. You are my angel. And I want you to be mine, eternally. Please, be my wife, my spice, my life. Share my laughs with me, my wealth, my body, my soul and my heart. Marry me.”
Midway through his proposal my face was soaked with tears, and my facial muscles hurt from my residing grin. “Like you didn’t already know the answer,” I sobbed. “Of course yes.”
The monstrosity of a ring winked up at me. Platinum, with a rectangular cut diamond surrounded by emerald green studs. I’ll be damned…
Natalio removed the ring from the slit in the black velvet case and slid it onto my finger. “Don’t you ever take this off,” he warned. “I want you to wear my love. Embrace my love. Pride my love. Brag my love. Be my love. I want you to love my love.” He rose to his feet and crushed me in his arms. “I love you, Sadie.”
Tears ran amok from my eyes and the elation, ebullience, joy and felicity that I felt at that moment were incapable of a perfect description. I would forever remember this day. Forever. Like a life-saver, I clung to him. “I love you too, Natalio. I’m yours. Only yours. Eternally.”
The loud gas of the air balloon, the pilot that stood afar, the unfriendly wind and its biting chill faded into quiescence as Natalio and I locked ourselves into an eternal embrace and allowed God’s gentle breathing to float us away.



Acknowledgement


I would like to thank my ride-or-die cheerleader Vashti, for being patient and putting up with me throughout this bumpy ride. Wasn’t this a rough ride, my dear? Thank you, for always telling me that I could do it, for being the optimist in times when I was pessimistic…and for being the worst critique ever!
To Sophie King, for your editorial feedback that, at first, gave me an instant headache when I realized that there was so much wrong with my story which I thought was ready. Only, it wasn’t. Your hardcore feedback sent me back to the drawing board where I had to work so much harder at developing my characters and making this story better than it was. Thank you for not taking it easy on me.
I would also like to thank Sean for opening my eyes to seeing what my passion truly is and what I should have been doing with my life all along. You’re an amazing motivator, and I won’t ever forget that you’re the one who pressed my Start button for this journey. You are treasured Sean!
Thanks to Jason, for your constant words of encouragement and perpetual optimism, and for sitting with me in the library reading through my mess of a story when you should’ve been writing your research papers. Also, for putting up with me whenever I’m too stubborn to take corrections. I still laugh each time I remember our argument about using the word ‘edge’ or ‘verge’, and you stopped everyone who walked by, asking them which word suits the sentence better just to prove that I was wrong (I knew I was, but, gah! I hate being wrong!). You’re an amazing friend, Jason.
To the one person on earth who knows how to make me laugh until I see stars: Quesie. Dude, you r-o-c-k! Thank you for always cheering me on. For going around asking complete strangers if my book cover looked too ‘vampire-like’ when you should have actually been fighting crime! For believing, since high school, that I was going to write a book one day. For just being…superb! You da’ best, Q.
To my two lovely girls, Sharyn and Keisha. Thank you both for being such wonderful friends to me. Though mostly far apart, we’re always close in our hearts. I wuv, wuv, wuv, you girls!
To my most treasured, adored, magnificent, excellent, supernatural friend of all, God. The master of my world, director of my life, giver of dreams, and the granter of my wishes. I love you! I love you! I love you! Thank YOU.
Last but not least, to all the people who have taken the time to read my novel. I hope it was an enjoyable read for you. Look out for Lovello’s story Love Has A Name!!



About The Author


S. Ann Cole is a passionate writer and reader, and a lover of anything that distracts her from the real world. Ms. Cole is not your typical girl. She hates chocolate, candle-lit dinners and all that hearts and flowers stuff makes her feel awkward, coffee makes her drowsier than ever, and she tends to talk to herself, a lot.
Having an obsessive and unquenchable affair with the written word, she’s naturally a recluse who dwells inside her imagination and has to suffer continual bashings from her friends for being a neglectful pal who does nothing but sit around the computer all day, writing.
Like a big kid, Ms. Cole loves watching Disney Channel, enjoys a big bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats cereal and prays to our God like it’s nobody’s business—well, it really isn’t.  When she isn’t abusing her computer keyboard, you can find her nosing a novel, stressing with school assignments, tweeting about every minuteness of her life, or disturbing her neighbors with her rugged voice, trying and failing to hit those notes of Beyonce’s Listen (she really ought to leave the singing department alone!)
Lean in a little closer, here’s a secret she wants to share with you. Yes,you. S. Ann Cole can easily be bought with a really, really good bottle of red wine. Shh, don’t tell anyone, okay? *wink*




Contact Ann
Twitter @AnnColeRomance 
  or
  Website www.AnnCole.net



For The Reader


Thank you for purchasing and reading this ebook. If you enjoyed it please leave a short review on book-related sites such as Amazon and Goodreads. Readers rely on reviews, as do authors.



E-Book Design & Format
Ebook conversion by EBookBuilders

  the digital division of The Book Connection




Verified ePUBcheck










