
 



Love Has A Name






Book Two of the Billionaire Brothers Series






S. Ann Cole



 




This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2013 S. Ann Cole Without limiting the rights under copyright(s) reserved above and below, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior permission of the copyright owner. Making or distributing electronic copies of this book constitutes copyright infringement and could subject the infringer to criminal and civil liability.The scanning, uploading, and distributing of this book via the internet or via any other means without the permission of the copyright owner is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Brief passages may be quoted for review purposes if credit is given to the copyright holder. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.Cover Art by Paul Beeley : Create Imaginations


Table of Contents
Dedication

Appetizer

Preface

I

II

III

IV

V

VI

VII

VIII

IX

X

XI

XII

XIII

XIV

XV

XVI

XVII

XVIII

XIX

XX

XXI

XXII

XXIII

XXIV

XXV

XXVI

XXVII

XXVIII

XXIX

XXX

XXXI

XXXII

Acknowledgement

For The Reader

About The Author

Contact Ann



DedicationFor you VB,Always, always, always for youâ€¦


Appetizer


Sweet SinsBy: S. Ann ColeAs I sat in the garden,She said to me,“Taste and see.” She was beautyShe was lovelyShe was everything to me She was mineShe was divineShe was everything to me She was loveShe was joyShe was everything to me “Taste and see,” said she. From her delicate hands,I took…I bit…I tasted… What I tasted was sin.She smiled at me,Knowing she’d winSatisfaction in her grin Yet, I bit again,And Again.Over eternal life,I chose her sweet sin. Because… She was the sun,Had me undone,She was everything to me She was real,Made me feel,She was everything to me Again I bit,And then I knew,With that last bite,I knew… She owned me.Sweet sins…She owned me.


Preface‘Frailty, thy name is woman’ has always been a line of Shakespeare’s Hamlet that I detest.I never even went about trying to understand why the word ‘woman’ was perpetually aligned and used in conjunction with the word ‘weak’.Were women weak? Were they truly? Were women made to be submissive — eventually?A woman can play the card of independence as well as she wants, engulf herself in all things ‘manly’, prove equality and flaunt her ‘strength’. But at some point, she has to acknowledge the fact that no mortal will ever be able to reshape what God has molded.It’s said that women were made to be submissive to men. Was even given stern commandments to do so. Women were made for men. Not the other way around. After all, were she not literally made from a man’s rib? How, then, can a woman ever say that she is equal to, or more than, a man?For every woman who holds that notion, the realization comes one day that she isn’t. That day when she bumps foreheads with that one person who has the power to make her melt, dissolve, frazzle just by breathing, she knows. For every woman, there is that one man. That one man who wields ultimate power over her, no matter how strong, independent or in control she thinks she is.That one man, she soon finds out, is whose rib she was made from …This I know. Yet, I still ponder, is frailty woman’s name?


I“Oh my God, Axia, please tell me you’re at the gym?”Trudy had left the gym no less than fifteen minutes ago and headed straight for work, so as she gushed down the receiver the minute I answered it, I wondered why she was phoning me instead of working.“Wherever else would I be?”“Well I need a favor. Please. It seems when we were playing tug–of-war with my handbag earlier, my damned thumb-drive fell out. And that thumb-drive has the freakin’ presentation I’ve been working on all month, and the meeting for that presentation, Axia, is now!” she intoned. “Please, can you find it and get here in, like, five minutes? Do that crazy driving thing that you always do to get to places fast.”“‘Sakes, Trudy, you’re so messy. You’re always losing something. And don’t you know you should always have more than one storage for important docs? How uncoordinated you can be! I just stepped off the treadmill and I’m half-dressed and icky an —”“Goddammit, Axia! Will you just shut your ever-berating pie-hole and find the damned drive? I don’t care how sweaty or busy you are. If you’re not here in ten minutes, then our friendship is terminated!”The line went dead.I scowled at the Blackberry in my hand. Only Trudy could get away with addressing me in such a manner. She was my best friend and I didn’t feel the compulsion to control her. True, I might have gotten carried away with the berating, and was maybe just a weeny bit inconsiderate at her desperation for my aid. But Trudy knew me well, so she no doubt had expected some shit-slapped answer from me.Sweat dripped from my face, and my skin glistened from its sheen; the results of a one-hour mountain climbing on the treadmill. Using my towel to dry the sweat from my face, I went in search of the thumb-drive to help my damsel in distress. The bright orange thing was found sitting in solitude on a workout mat.Trudy and I had engaged in a tug-of-war over her handbag in this vicinity when I’d caught her nibbling on Snickers, which she was prohibited from eating. She’d quickly tried to hide it in her bag and that’s when the tugging began.Wrapping my fingers around the thumb-drive, I rushed out of the gym. When Trudy called me, the treadmill had barely come to a halt, so breathing was irregular and I was entirely soaked with sweat and in need of a shower and proper attire, but I had to get this cursed thing to Trudy without delay.I’d watched her labor with the preparation of this presentation for over a month. But the presentation was the least of the matter. She’d tried for nigh six months to get her boss’s ear to perk in interest of a new idea she wanted to pitch. And I was pretty sure that with a company like that, this was a you-only-got-one-chance-to-prove-yourself-to-me opportunity for Trudy. If her boss liked her idea, well, Trudy could become a wealthy wench. She had brilliant ideas, but in a city like San Francisco that’s teeming with geniuses, the opportunity wall was rather difficult to break through.Wearing only a pink tube top and a black workout capris with my pink and white Shape-up sneakers, I hopped into my jeep and pressed it to Coded Solutions. It was an eight-minute drive, but being an aggressive driver, I had the gift of getting to my destinations in record time. Patience and I were vicious enemies.In five and half minutes I was in the parking lot of the building. My body lunged from the jeep, leaving the engine on and car door open — no, I wasn’t worried about theft: ghosts knew who to shout “boo!” at — and rushed through the revolving doors of the intimidating building. Before the receptionist could look up, I spoke through labored breathing, “Trudy-ann Green. It’s urgent. What floor is her meeting with Mr. Nelson?”The brunette receptionist scanned my attire with a scowl, but then she blinked at me as if realizing somehow that I was of no harm, and gave me the information I needed with an added “Nice bod.”The elevator ride to floor 42 took forever, but it granted me enough time to restore my regular breathing pattern. When the doors opened, I instantly became conscious of my sparse attire when the air-conditioner whispered across my bare flesh, turning my nipples to hardened nubs under my tube top. Oh dear, I didn’t think this through.I was about to walk into a building filled with smartly attired, starched-collar whizzes in their three-piece suits and sharp seams, and I was dressed — if ‘dressed’ was the operative word — in a tube top, vagina-printing workout capris, sneakers and dry sweat. But if I stepped off the elevator, this could be a detriment to Trudy. So, I ate self-conscious for lunch and entered the arctic building. Why on earth was the air-conditioner on full blast in here? Weren’t these people freezing?The receptionist for this floor apprised me of Trudy’s whereabouts as she made a sloppy attempt to conceal her disapproval of my attire. As I wove around rows of cubicles, ignoring the raised eyebrows and curious stares of the employees, I espied Trudy pacing outside the door I was searching for marked ‘MR 42’, while dialing on her cell with a worried frown marring her cute oval face.“Psst,” I hissed.Trudy glanced up and saw me and her shoulders visible relaxed, relief replacing her frown. She gestured for me to hurry while she grabbed the doorknob and opened it halfway. Wasting not another second, I ran to her and pressed the drive in her hand. “Go ahead and kick asses, best —”My words tripped over a lust-pebble when the door jerked back from Trudy’s grasp and revealed a tall, dark-haired figure whose attention was partly directed to a tablet in his hand while his full, sculpted lips moved to form words. “Green, I’ve waited long enough. If I didn’t think your three-line pitch had potential, I wouldn’t have considered your proposal and arrange this meeting. I’m giving my blessed time and you’re wasting it. I think it is rather negligent of you to have the board convened here, on time, and yo —” His words tumbled over a cliff when he glanced up and saw me there, half-dressed with sweat that was now fine grains of salt, and I was ninety percent sure my nipples were pressing against the fabric of my tube top due to the high-blasting air-conditioner.Had he been some other powerful figure, I would’ve been mortified, but never with this Lothario would I cower. Actually, it was the first opportunity I’d been given to see him in person. I’d only ever heard of him, or seen his face constantly popping up on Internet news sites. His reputation in the women department was not of a squeaky clean nature, despite his billions. The man was too wealthy for his age, too crude for his status, and cocky enough to make you detest him — well, at least that’s what I heard. But he had a brain that was worth more than his billions. He was known as the ‘wise-guy’, with his never-failing ideas in the world of social networking and software creation. There stood San Fran’s hottest, sexiest, wealthiest Internet billionaire, Lovello Nelson.Good thing I wasn’t into men as pretty as this one, because, my oh my, the man was delectable enough to eat. He had inky-dark hair with a natural unkempt flair to it, his jaws prominently squared and angular, his eyes were a mischievous slate-gray that were surrounded with curled lashes. But the highlight of his face was those amazing, impossibly perfect peach-colored lips. That’s another thing he was famous for, more than his wealth and brains: his beauty.Anyone who referred to this man as ‘handsome’ should be tossed in the fieriest part of hell, because that wouldn’t just be an understatement, it would be a sin against descriptive words and assigning them to their rightful places. He had to be called Beautiful. And not even that did him justice. His beauty could only be accurately described by the quill and ink of a skillful poet. New words needed to be created to suit him, because ‘beautiful’ simply didn’t cut it.Sharply attired in a navy blue suit, he stared down at me from his height and I stared right back, not at all feeling inferior that I had to tilt my head up. His slate-gray eyes sparkled as they made a slow perusal of my body, unabashed, and came back to my face. Smirking, he said, “It’s pretty chilly in here, huh?”Predictable. I’d been waiting for that remark. Plastering a smile on my face, I ignored his question. “Mr. Nelson, Trudy has worked really hard on this presentation. Her thumb-drive fell out of her bag at the gym this morning at my cost. I got here with it as soon as I could. Please don’t dismiss her, hear her out. She’s got talent. You’ll only regret it later.”Although I tried to make it sound like a petition by adding the word ‘please’, I knew it came out as a command because Trudy shook her head at me with narrowed eyes.Damn it. I needed to practice more on injecting emotion into my words.Pretty Boy Nelson leaned casually against the doorjamb and crossed his legs as if he were lounging at a bar. He bit down on one side of his peach-colored lip and he glared at me. “Was that a plea or a command?”“It’s a plea. I’m sorry if it didn’t sound like a plea, I’m not very good at pleading. I’m used to getting whatever I want, whenever I want, however I want,” I answered, matching his glare with equal intensity so he would get the message that I wasn’t one of those gushing, I-get-butterflies-in-my-stomach-when-I-see-you bimbos.His lower lip got released from the grip of his teeth as he made another shameless perusal of my body before saying, “I believe it was a command. And judging by your choice of attire in my professional building, I also believe you’re one of those irreverent and uncouth bra —”“Mr. Nelson, please,” Trudy cut in. “You have a meeting with Tarcel’s CEO in approximately one hour. If you will dismiss me now because of my negligence, then I completely understand.”What was she doing? Giving up? No! I shot her a castigating stare, but when she narrowed her light blue eyes, I knew that she was pissed at me for toeing with her boss.“Axia, thank you for trying to help. But it’s okay. You have an extremely busy day, too. We’ll talk later,” she continued, dismissing me.Pretty Boy Nelson earned a withering stare from me — which was evenly returned with a smug smile — and I turned on my heels and walked off. A wolf whistle left his lips and traveled behind me, harassing my ears. Ha! It was my time to smother a smile in smugness. On account of my impeccable derriere, I was anticipating that reaction.Once upon a time, I was a victim of low self-confidence. Every day I’d sadly wish I had a tall, sexy figure with curly blonde hair like those girls the boys pursued in school. But as I grew, my breasts swelled into perky perfection, and my derriere grew past the average size and more salient each year. By my college years, I’d managed to ensnare the most popular and lusted-after guy in school, and he’d aid in the growth of my self-esteem by making me feel like the only girl in the world.Being the girlfriend of the school’s most popular guy, I automatically became the most popular girl in school, and ultimately the girl with the body every girl wished for. Then there was me being a fitness junkie, never allowing my body the chance to slant out of shape, which meant that I had conspicuous, hard-to-attain abs and toned, well, everything.The mouths around me never ceased to remind me that I had a body that was like a gift to men on earth. It calmed me to know that I was no longer in the minority of women with low self-esteem. But it was also annoying when people stared at me as if they’d never seen a woman before. I know, I got a sweet rack, a tiny waist, perfect hips and a gift of an ass, but so do lots of other women. The attention became irritating at times, and when I showed my annoyance, I came across as arrogant.It didn’t help that I was half-Hispanic with straight, sixteen-inch hair that was as dark as night, and a pair of pussycat-gray eyes accompanied by fluffy black lashes. No, I wasn’t conceited or overconfident. I merely practice to accept who I am. When I’d stepped up next in line to be fashioned by the hands of God, He decided that He wanted me to be beautiful with a great bod to complement. Why, then, should I feel bad for being beautiful? If I continued to feel guilty for being me, then I wouldn’t be showing my Creator any appreciation for His gift, and I would never want to be listed in His Book of Judgment as an ingrate. So, I grasped my gift with gratitude, honed it, amplified it, and flaunted it when need be.Like now, I knew, without a doubt, that Pretty Boy Nelson was still standing at his doorway with his eyes glued to my ass. And I also knew that being the unrestrained womanizer that he was, his wanting to get a piece of this ass would galvanize him into giving Trudy another chance with her presentation. Yep, being sexy does have its advantages.Feeling refreshed after showering away all the muck of dried sweat from my skin, I changed into fresh workout gear and began preparing for my ten o’clock aerobics class. The gym’s busiest was anytime after four o’clock in the evenings when people are retiring from a long day’s work. That’s the time I try to be off the floors. But then there were also people with odd schedules, so on some days I instructed classes throughout the entire day.Proud Sweat Fitness Center was my sweetheart. I’d known since age twelve that what I wanted in life was my own gym. At around age eight, I used to join in with my motheras she dressed in bright-colored leggings, tanktop and sneakers and worked her body into a bucket of sweat in front of the television. I’d been fascinated with the whole concept of being active; the continuous movements that would have my heart pounding furiously in my chest. It was the most amazing feeling — still is.Abnormal as it was for an eight-year-old to wake before her mother at six in the morning and wait in anticipation for her to get dressed, switch on the television and start working out, this little girl did. And as I grew, I became more enthralled with gym equipment, curious about the way every machine worked, wanting to try them all, until I fell into an obsession with fitness.At sixteen years of age, I had abs that a celebrity would toss diamonds for. Once I hit the age twenty mark, I became a plague to my father, ensuring him that this was what I wanted. Though it was difficult for him to accept that I was now an adult, he’d granted me access to the account he’d opened for me since before I was born, and, with a thumbs up, told me to go ahead and make my dream happen.That I did.And now, PSFC was San Fran’s most famous luxury gym.Three storeys high, PSFC was sumptuous and inviting with top-of-the-line equipment: ENEN, no less. Under one roof there was everything from spa to swimming pool to sauna to basketball courts. Professional fitness teachers of every kind from martial arts to kickboxing. Proud Sweat Fitness Center had it all and I absolutely loved it.A timid knock sounded outside my office door and I mumbled for the knocker to enter. It was my assistant, Tish.“Axia, the representatives of both Sweat2Forget and Fitness on Air have called again…” She hesitated. “They’re rather persistent. Are you sure you’re not interested?”“Yes, I’m sure.”For the past two years I’ve been nagged non-stop with proposals to star in workout DVDs or have my own television program. Sweat2Forget and Fitness on Air were more persistent than others and seemed to hold the belief that one day I’d give in. Apparently, a body and fitness drive like mine would be perfect for reeling in the cash, making their asses wealthy and the consumers healthy. But for some reason, as good as it sounded, I wasn’t interested. I was quite contented with my stance in life and I didn’t dig unnecessary attention. ‘Twas the prime reason why I’d moved to San Fran from Los Angeles where my family resides — it’s just an hour-long soar away, but I don’t get harassed as much here.Being the daughter of Vince Blacksille, proprietor of multi-billion-dollar armament company, Blacksilles’ Protekk, I inadvertently garnered unwanted attention in Los Angeles. Paparazzi kept snapping my photo and plastering me all over the Internet just for being Vince Blacksille’s daughter. At one point I was even asked to film a reality show. Ha! Laughable. People sure as hell would turn away if they knew the darkness of my life. Therefore, I moved to SF where people are somewhat more work ethical and less starry-eyed. People here kind of, well, didn’t give a shit.“Okay,” Tish replied with a look of disappointment. “I’ve added four new members to your five o’clock spinning class and two to your 7am Quicksand class. So expect some new faces. All the staff have been alerted to the meeting tonight but Meredith, the yoga instructor, has come down with the flu so she will be absent all week —”“Then how —”“No worries. Hanna has agreed to do double time and fill in for her this week. There’s some malfunction with two of the treadmills so I’ve called the repair guys who’ll be here at 3pm. Oh, and there’s yet another complaint made about the new girl in the Juice Bar. That I’ll leave to you.”The lean brunette who stood before me never disappointed. She was the most efficient assistant I’d ever had and I appreciated her more than she knew. Half the time when problems popped up, they were solved before I was even aware of them. “With an assistant like you around I’ll never have to worry about much, will I? You deserve a breath-depriving hug and a big slobbery kiss.”Tish blushed as her eyes fell to the floor. Oops, wrong choice of words.“I’m just tryna tell you that I like having you around. Don’t wanna lose your assistance. So anything you want, just let me know.”She didn’t look at me when she muttered, “I think you already know what I want,” before disappearing through the door.Yeah, me.Shaking my head, I reached for my cellphone and texted “I’m sorry” to Trudy for that little tiff with her boss, then got up and headed downstairs to the Juice Bar to mend this reoccurring problem.As I entered the cool, all-glass space of my Juice Bar & Lounge, a fresh island breeze fragrance traveled on the air; the air freshener that I insisted the cleaners used. Oversized gray sofa chairs were organized neatly around cherrywood tables with fitness magazines strategically scattered in the middle, and blessed sunlight poured through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Once again, I commended Tish. She knew I liked everything clean and organized.Set on righting this new employee who had managed to stir one too many complaints about her negligence even though she’d only been here four days, I strode up to the counter of the bar. Unaware of my presence, she was sitting cross-legged on the floor inside the bar, flipping through the pages of a magazine and bobbing her head to whatever music was pouring from her earplugs. My previous bar attendant of three years had left a week ago in migration to London. So this dark-haired, lip-pierced, tattoo-marked, Gothic-looking attendant was an emergency hire.Still oblivious to my presence, she sucked on a straw from a large cup of smoothie until the cup made a gurgling sound, moaning that all its contents were consumed. With my eyes unmoving from this impossible girl, I pulled a bar stool beneath my rump and rested my elbows on the counter with my fingers steepled under my chin. Curious as to how long it would be before Gothic Girl realized that a possible customer was at the bar, I remained quiet. Surely she would have to look up some time within the hour.Seven minutes ticked by before Gothic Girl finally stood up, but only to dance her way over to the ice machine and blend herself another smoothie, her head still bobbing to music that only she heard. When she was finished, she turned, saw me, and froze with her mouth on the straw. So it took her all of twelve minutes to notice I was there.Unblinking, hands steepled, intimidation in effect, I glared.Nervous — which was the usual effect I had on people — she hastily set her cup down on the counter and yanked the earplugs from her ears as her face flushed a deep shade of crimson. “Miss Blacksille, I’m so sorry, I —”“Four days, six complaints,” I cut in a chilled tone. “Will I receive another, Marsha?”“No. No, Miss Blacksille. I promise. I never —”“Good.”Cool, self-possessed and oozing intimidation, I stood up and held my hand out to her. Understanding, she wrapped her earplugs around her iPod and placed it in my hand. With one last pointed glare, I turned and left.Unlike the average person, it took little to no effort for me to get people in line. To employee or non-employee, I tended to be quite intimidating. It was not something I tried, nor have I practiced to be this way. It was intrinsic; it was in my blood, my veins. My mother and father both carried the domineering gene, and through birth, I have been execrated with a double dose. Only a few were able to elicit a laugh or a smile from me, and Tish has recently become one of those persons. But most of the time I was serious and commanding, which is something I’ve been fighting to vanquish, but to very little avail.No less than a minute after I re-entered my office and threw the confiscated iPod in my desk drawer, a knock sounded on the door and Tish entered with a huge Victoria Secret goody basket.“What’s this?” I asked.“It was just delivered for you,” Tish answered with a disapproving frown. She added, “The sender is unknown,” when she deduced what my next question would be.Obviously peeved by the gift, Tish set the basket down on my desk with unnecessary attitude and left. I stared in amusement at the door long after she’d vanished through it. Tish was the perfect assistant, but her ridiculous expectations and hopes of me suddenly becoming a dike one day were what I believed would ruin the good work relationship that we had. It was all I could give and no more, and trying to get her to understand that was a task. Had she not been so efficient at her job, she would’ve gotten the sack ages ago.Turning my attention to the goody basket, I opened the small card that hung from a twirl of purple strings.Sweet rack. Amazing ass — um, back. Pretty Positive that I guessed your correct cup size, ‘Cause I excel at that.
 P.S. Your command was heeded. There better be a reward.An eyebrow arched as I read the absurd words on the card. What the hell did this even mean and who the hell sent it? A combination of lacy lingerie, bras, frilly boy-shorts, moisturizers, body wash, body splash and colognes overflowed from the basket when I opened it. A sigh flowed through my nostrils as I sat back in my chair and stared at the commotion on my desk.It’s been over a year since I’ve dated anyone, and I sure as hell haven’t given anyone the impression that I was searching. The sender — whoever the loser was — seemed to have gotten inside info that I was a sucker for Victoria Secret. The words on the card made no sense, and I was far from impressed. So I stood from my chair, grabbed my water bottle from the fridge, a towel from the cabinet and headed off to instruct my spinning class.


II“Moving on to the most hated: hand stepping! Down, down … hands in position. Be sure your arms aren’t locked, guys. Keep ‘em soft. Don’t want anyone leaving here injured … ready … now go!”From person to person, I panted out corrections as we neared the end of my early morning Quicksand class. Tish had informed me yesterday that she’d added two new members to this class, but I’d recorded only one new face when I started. As the exercises grew more rigorous, I’d stopped searching for the second new face, assuming they’d backed out.“Up! Toss those steps aside and let’s conquer our last sixty seconds by sending those heartbeats into a frenzy with my favorite 100 meter sprints … Nuh uh, no groaning, guys. I hate groaners! Groaners are quitters and quitters are freakin’ losers. You want that dream body? Then you should be doing these workouts with an earsplitting grin on your face. Keep your eyes on your goal, and that grin will never fade. Never groan in my class!”I waited for everyone to put their steps to the side as they huffed and panted, sweating buckets, but never throwing in the towel. In these classes, everyone tried to impress, even when it was obvious they were spent. They’ve learned that going further and digging deeper during exercises was what really gave that desired body. And I was, indeed, impressed.“On your marks … Get set … Go, go, go!!”The room pumped with energy as they all sprinted as if their life depended on it — well, their bodies did. At thirty seconds, I yelled, “Impressive! Again, on your marks … get set … go! … This is your last thirty seconds, people, put all you got into it! Your body will be thanking you, believe me!”It was then that I spotted the second new face, because he’d thrown in the towel and was propped up against the back wall guzzling hard at his water bottle. When the bottle was finally empty, he scowled at it as if cursing it for not having held more water and then tossed it to the side. How dare that water finish on him, I sarcastically mused.Bending at the waist, he rested his hands on his knees, his chest heaving as he hustled for air. As if sensing my stare, he glanced up and narrowed his eyes at me.With a smirk, I yelled, “Eight seconds, people … seven … six … five … four … three … two … one! Whooo! Well done! Now grab that water bottle, rejuvenate and come back in position for a rewarding cool down.”As I instructed the class into relaxing stretches, the wonder of what he was doing here lingered in my mind. Why? I was sure he had his own in-house gym. Also, had he lent Trudy his ear? I hoped so. Since yesterday’s encounter, I hadn’t heard from her and she hadn’t returned my calls or text messages, so I held the assumption that she was still pissed at me and decided to give her some time to cool. And now he was here …Once the class was dismissed, I sat cross-legged on the floor with my back against the all-mirror wall and sipped at my water, waiting for everyone to clear out. But this morning it was a slow process due to the attention that Pretty Boy Nelson garnered. The women gawked at him as if they’d never seen a man before and I felt like puking.Everyone soon exited the room except him, and when he forwarded his steps in my direction, I knew I was in for annoyance. His tall, chiseled frame that dripped with sweat was clothed in red basketball shorts and a black, sleeveless tank that exposed the mature brawn of his long arms. He tossed his white towel around his neck and used one end to dry the sweat from his face.“Please, I beg you, keep your distance,” I said with mild irritation.Leering at me as if I were some conquest, he continued until he halted right before me, looking down at me through beguiling slate-gray eyes and revealing a white smile, framed by his perfect peach-colored lips. A light tingle shot around my diaphragm area and I frowned, telling myself that it was just an after-effect of an intense workout, because I did not like this man, I did not want to like him, and I’d shoot myself if that tingle was on account of seeing him so marvelously sexy before me. Not acceptable.“How rude. That’s how you treat newcomers?” he asked, towering above me while I sat below.The position made me feel inferior to him, so I scrambled to my feet and picked up my water bottle and towel, looked him dead in the eye and said, “Your membership is not needed here.”As I stepped around him, he caught my wrist and asked, “They fit perfectly, didn’t they?” His eyes lowered to my breasts — which were, once again, covered in just a pink tube top — and they turned a molten gray.Disgusted, I wrenched my hand away from his grasp. “What?”“The lingerie. I picked them out myself.”My eyes expanded. “What? How did you —”“I’m Lovello Nelson,” he shrugged. “Obtaining information about anything is no mean feat.”Fuming at the fact that he thought I could be bought with a goody basket, I stepped directly up to him and his eyebrows wiggled in a licentious manner as he, crude as he was, misunderstood my intentions. Unfazed by the fact that he was around six inches taller than me, I tilted my head to meet his eyes. “Whatever your intentions are, you arrogant pig, you won’t succeed with me. So you might as well give it up. As for the lingerie, Timo enjoyed ripping them to pieces with his teeth. Don’t send me anymore shit and don’t come back to my class. Or I promise I’ll throw you out on your head myself. And don’t doubt for one minute that I can’t.”Pretty Boy Nelson took on an expression of mild amusement, but then he frowned and asked, “Timo? Is that your guy?”My lips twisted in a smirk. “Yep. That’s my guy.”Looking a tad disappointed, he nodded and walked off. When he reached the door, he stopped and flashed me a smile over his shoulder. “I’m looking forward to being thrown out on my head, because I’m not quitting your class. It kicked my ass. And I never quit at anything until I’ve conquered and mastered it. You said it, ‘groaners are quitters and quitters are losers‘. I’m neither. I’m more of a growler … and always, always a winner.”Before I could reply he turned and sauntered through the door. “Hi, Axia,” Trudy timidly answered once I’d finally gotten through to her later that day.“My goodness, Trudy, I’ve been trying to reach you since yesterday afternoon, but you keep ignoring me. You didn’t even show up for training this morning. Are you that mad at me? Did I really blow it for you?”Trudy sighed into the receiver. “No, you didn’t. And no, I’m not mad at you. I just … I was just preparing for when you get mad at me.”“Mad at you? Why would I be?”“Because … I betrayed you.”“Huh? Betrayed me how?”Trudy groaned. “Well, Mr. Nelson decided to let me proceed with the presentation. Sweet. He freakin’ loved it. But…”“Out with it, Trudy.”“He kept me back after the meeting and started drilling me about you. And I answered all his questions, in truth. I don’t know why I did it, Axia. I’m sorry for giving out information about you like that, but he’s my boss and he can be very demanding at times.”“And I’m your best friend!” I yelled.“I know. I know and I’m sorry, Axia. I really am.”“So you’re the one who told him about my obsession with Vicky Secret?”“Yes.”“Did you give him my cup size, too?”“No. He accurately guessed that.”Trudy was not of a mutinous spirit, she was humble and self-effacing — most times. And I knew that under the pressure of a demanding jerk like Nelson, she’d cowered into submission.I met Trudy on a plane to San Francisco five years ago. She was gripping her thighs, her eyes squeezed shut as she repeated The Lord’s Prayer over and over as the plane took off. She’d whispered to no one in particular that she was afraid of takeoffs and landings, and I’d found her highly amusing. Even when the plane was in the air, she was still uneasy. So just for the heck of it, I began talking to her. We bonded, exchanged numbers, and that’s where our lame friendship began. I’d just moved to San Francisco to start my gym, and she was moving here that day to start her new job at Coded Solutions. We deemed our meet as ‘fate’, because we’d both needed new companions at that time.“You seem to have gotten under his skin, Axia. This morning, the man came down to my office and attacked me! Accusing me of lying to him when I told him you weren’t involved with anyone.”Despite myself, I laughed. “Yeah. He came to my class this morning, asking me if ‘they fit’. I didn’t even know it was him who sent the damn oversized basket. So I told him Timo enjoyed ripping them with his teeth. That left him thinking Timo’s my guy.”Trudy laughed out. “Girl, you’re too cruel. Though I can’t understand why it matters to him if you’re involved or not. It has never stopped him from boning a woman before. In fact, he prefers them involved, to avoid all commitment nags.”“Well he ain’t getting this ass, that’s for sure,” I muttered. “Don’t divulge any more information about me, Trudy. Do you hear me?”“I know. I know. I’m sorry.”“Good. You’re forgiven. Now tell me all about that presentation.”Trudy squealed into the receiver. “Oh. My. God, Axia. It’s so surreal…”The plague stuck to his word and didn’t quit my class. He’d showed up the next morning. And the morning after that … It also seemed that word had gotten out that the Lovello Nelson was taking my 7am Quicksand class, because, within two days, there were so many newcomers that I had to start rejecting people. Astounding to me, because this class was the least favored and was taken only by the fittest of the fittest, as it was bemoaned to be too rigorous. So seeing the class packed — with mostly women who were overly primped for a workout session — was beginning to annoy me and I really wanted the man gone.By the end of class on Friday, I’d lost count of how many times I gagged at the women who flirted with him and the way he shamelessly flirted back. As usual, I sat on my rear and waited for everyone to leave the room. Pretty Boy Nelson gave me a curt nod of acknowledgment and left also. Sighing with relief and mild irritation, I wrapped my lips around the mouth of my water bottle and gulped down its contents as I exited the room.“Hey, Axia.”Startled by his voice, I choked on the water, and my eyes instantly brimmed with tears as the water snorted up my nostrils somehow. I spun around to see him leaning causally against the wall outside the door, and I realized then that he’d only made me think he’d left so he could catch me unguarded.“W-What?” I snapped, still coughing from my water-choke and wiping the tears from my eyes.Before he could speak, Tish walked up to us with notepad in hand and shot a look of disdain in Lovello’s direction. “Walk with me,” I told her, knowing this would cause Lovello to fall back. But he didn’t, he just ambled leisurely with us.Tish began. “Sweat2Forget has reached out to you again. They’re relentless. Maybe you should think about it.” The look I gave Tish made her flush, and she mumbled her apologies then continued. “Prime Size magazine wants you on their cover for next month’s issue. I don’t know what you think about that; it’s less demanding, so maybe you could give it a shot.”“If I do it, Tish, others are going to think I’m accepting proposals. I’m annoyed.”Tish sagely commented no further on it and continued. “Actress Lena Marcie is proposing you move to L.A. and be her personal trainer.”A scoff escaped. “Ask the bitch if I look impoverished enough to leave my life so I could be her personal trainer.”A snort sounded behind me, but I ignored it. Why won’t the damn man leave?Tish continued. “ENEN is gifting you one gym equipment of every kind as a show of appreciation for being a loyal customer and for furnishing your gym with only their brand. You have three months to redeem them.”“How is it a gift if they’re putting a time limit on it?” I scoffed again.A deep voice came from behind me. “If it takes you more than three months to claim a gift, then it’s obvious you don’t want it. Which is both rude and cocky.”By this time, we were mounting the steps to the second floor and I’d forgotten he was still behind me, just as I’d forgotten that his brother was the owner of ENEN. “Why are you following me again?”Instead of answering, he brought his water bottle to his mouth, staring me dead in the eyes while he drank. I made an intimidating move towards him and he reflexively stepped back, but not breaking eye contact. Shaking my head and turning, I continued up the stairs, signaling for a scowling Tish to continue. “Teflon Energy Drink wants to give you a freezer that advertises their drinks on it, to use in your Juice Bar. And the vet called with a reminder that Timo’s shot is due next week.”Mentally, I flushed, knowing that I’d just been caught in a lie. But physically, I was as cool as a cucumber. Two solid coughs sounded behind me, but I dared not look.At my office door, I stopped and faced Tish. “Is that all?”“Yes, that is all,” she answered, eying me and then Lovello who stood about a foot away from us, no doubt wondering, just as I was, why on earth he was following us.“Okay. Refuse all requests except Prime Size. I’ll think about that one and get back to you on it.”Tish nodded and walked off, looking Lovello up and down in belligerence as she did.While his attention was on Tish’s inexplicable behavior, I wrenched open my office door, hurried in and attempted at slamming it shut. But he was much quicker than me when he pushed his body sideways between the half-closed door and the jamb.“What do you want, Nelson?”He gazed down at me with wry humor. “Timo’s a dog?”Maddened that the lie that had been staving him off for the last few days had been revealed, I said, “Yes. Timo’s a dog. I’m a woman. You’re a man. This is a door and that is desk. So what?”“How about the man closes the door and plays strip poker with the woman on the desk while the dog waits at the vet?”Dios … “Could you leave my office, please?”“You lied to me.”“And?”“You didn’t strike me as the type of woman who’d tell such petty lies.” He leaned against the door frame, folding his arms across his hunky chest. “I thought you were more straightforward than that.”“That guilt tactic won’t work on me, Pretty Boy. I’ve played it too many times.” I gave up trying to push him out of the door and went to the fridge to grab a Gatorade.“No one has ever called me that before. I think it’s … endearing. You think I’m pretty?”Swallowing a mouthful of Gatorade, I answered, “Yes, I think you are. But guess what? I’m not attracted to pretty boys. I like my men black and strong with perfectly groomed dreads. And you’re far from that, so beat it.”Instead of leaving, he chuckled and strode over to my desk, seating himself on the edge. “I could always scorch myself in the tanning booth, and purchase one of those hats with the fake dreads. Would you want me then?”A laugh gathered in my throat, but I refused to let it manifest. “No. I like them real. Not artificial.”He shook his head. “Why are you such a hard-ass? I’ve never met such an intimidating woman in my life. It’s a good thing we’re of the same kind. I find you … intriguing.”“How long will this intrigue last? A guy like you, I’m pretty sure your attention span is no more than that of a goldfish when it comes on to women.”He opened his mouth to answer, but I beat him to it. “Lemme guess, it dies after an orgasm?”Pretty Boy Nelson gave me a dazzling smile, but said nothing, pleading the fifth.“With me, Pretty Boy, your chances of having an orgasm are nil. So what else will it take for you to leave me alone? My Quicksand class is suddenly packed with so many people I feel claustrophobic. All because of you. I don’t like full classes, but I also don’t want to be rude to my members. So please, I want you to quit. I receive all sorts of proposals on a daily basis and I’m pretty sure once word gets out that you have a membership here, there are going to be twice as many. I don’t like attention.”“Hmm … seems I’m causing you more irritation than I imagined. This sounds really good.” He rounded my desk and sat down in my chair, stretching his legs out on the desk.Putting as much austerity as I could into the glare of my eyes, I pinned them to his, marched over to him and tossed his feet off the desk so that they landed with a thud onto the ground. With minimal effort, I spun the chair with him to face me, placed my hands on either side of the handles and leaned forward so that my face was mere inches away from his as I glared deep into his slate-grays. Ignoring the sparkle of amusement in his eyes, I demanded, “What do you want, plague?”Lovello’s eyes lowered to my lips as he licked his. And I immediately felt that slight tingle in my stomach again. The same tingle I’d felt the other day when he’d stood over me. Nevertheless, I ignored it. It was impossible for me to be attracted to him. Impossible.He released a slow, steady breath and whispered, “You. Are. So. Damn. Sexy. Dear Axia, what I want is you.” His tongue glided over his sculptured lips again before he breathed, “Can I kiss you?”Pissed that I couldn’t deter this incorrigible man, I gave the chair a hard and angry push back so that it slammed against the wall with him.“Ouch!” he exclaimed. “No need to get violent.”My fingers twitched, itching for the feel of something hard or leathery. “Trust me, Pretty Boy, you have no idea the pain I want to inflict on you right now.”“Have lunch with me, Axia.”“No.”“Why not?”“Would you just go?”He stood up from the chair and came to face me. “Let’s make a deal. If you have lunch with me, I’ll quit your class.”To check if he was serious, I looked up into his eyes that now showcased the faint streaks of blue in the overpowering gray. He was. But I didn’t give in. “I’m not that easily fooled, Pretty Boy. I’m the fish that stays at the bottom of the sea and watches all the other gullible fishes swim up, bite the bait and get their stupid gills hooked.”Bringing one hand to my shoulder, he allowed his thumb to caress my skin in lazy circles. “I’m a man of my word.”The familiar tingle swirled through me again, more intense this time. And I quickly jerked my shoulder, causing his hand to fall away. The realization that he did, indeed, have an effect on me scared me as much as the Revelations predictions. Being attracted to someone was not acceptable right now. I wasn’t ready. And if he continued to pursue me and I continued to feel these damned tingles, it wouldn’t be a beautiful ending. Someone would leave hurt. Mentally, emotionally and, most of all, physically. I needed to get rid of him. “You promise you’ll quit my class if I have lunch with you?”“Scout’s honor.”“And to stop pursuing me?”“Eh, I can only make one promise at a time.”The man was so maddening, I felt like screaming. Majority of the time I’m so in control of my emotions and actions that I seldom feel like this. “You can’t just … you make me … whatever, man. Okay, I’ll have lunch with you.”A complacent smile lit his face. “Good. Be downstairs at twelve sharp.” He jerked his chin towards my office bathroom door. “Can I use your shower?”“No! There are showers on all three floors. Utilize those and get out. I’m tired of seeing your damned face,” I snapped, my hand pointing to the door.He grinned. “Hey, I thought you said I was pretty.”“Yes, so I did. And I also said I didn’t like pretty boys. Now get out!”


IIIA bitter scowl took up residence on my face as I showered and got dressed in a baby-blue T-shirt, white shorts and loafers. Peeved as hell that I’d allowed that dissolute bastard to manipulate me into having lunch with him. Showing such weakness was a rare occurrence for me. There was only one person who knew how to undermine me and that person seldom surfaced.After pulling my hair back in the usual ponytail, I snatched up my purse and car keys then stomped out of my office and down the stairs, all the while cursing under my breath. Pretty Boy Nelson was already waiting downstairs as he said he would be,twelve sharp, leaning against the wall to the entry door, his back turned to me and his attention rapt on the phone in his hand. Halting at the end of the stairs, I couldn’t help admiring the broadness of his shoulders that were covered in a plain white T-shirt, and his amazing backside that was encased in dark jeans. His hair was damp as if he’d just had a shower, too, and was finger-raked backwards, curling at the nape of his neck.As if he sensed my stare, he abruptly turned and revealed a smile that would make any woman’s heart faint. That only made me angrier. “You checking me out, sweetie?”I raised my cold, unkind eyes to his warm slate-grays. “One: Don’t you ever again call me ‘sweetie’ from those profligate lips. And two: Get over yourself!”That only served to make his smile change to a grin and then a chuckle as he strode to the door, pushed it open and stood aside for me to go through. Rejecting his gallantry, I stood where I was and kept my eyes on his, wishing that my irises had the power to fire bullets.But he merely stared back, amused.Knowing that this day would never end if I didn’t give him at least a teeny bit of satisfaction, I faked a no-teeth smile and went through the door.Unaware of the other’s intentions, in the parking lot we each pressed the unlock buttons on our car keys, and when both vehicles made discordant sounds, our eyes instantly flew to each other’s in question. Lovello raised a brow at me then jerked his head towards his car.“Oh hell, no,” I said, heading in the direction of my jeep. “We’re taking my jeep and I’m driving.”“Nuh uh,” he replied, shaking his head to emphasize. “I asked you to lunch. Therefore, I’m driving in my car.”Obstinacy in full effect, I folded my arms. “I don’t like to be driven.”“Neither do I,” he said, mimicking me by folding his brawny arms across his chest. “So, I guess we need to compromise. And by compromise, Axia, I mean: you are gonna close that jeep door, walk your cute little butt over here and get in the passenger side of my vehicle.”The dick seemed naturally impervious to my bullying tactics, because he didn’t even blink when I took solid steps up to him and said, “Just who the hell do you think you are?”He gave a lopsided smile. “Only a plague that you want desperately to get rid of. Just remember, God never ceased plaguing Pharaoh until he did as he was told.”Nostrils flaring, I whirled around and went back to my jeep, slammed the door and started out of the parking lot. “I’m not going anywhere with you. You manipulative asshole!”“Fine,” he called after me. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning in class. I’m yet to burn off all those calories I ate at my birthday feast yesterday.”“Gilipollas!”He chuckled. “Is that Spanish for ‘I love you’?”God, I hated him. If he only knew the somatic injuries I wanted to cause him. Just a few days of his presence and already he was driving me berserk. I’d never before been this out of control nor have I ever been this reactive. Yet he knew precisely how to become an itch under my skin. The more I fought, the more I realized that the reason I was reactive to all he said and did was because I was begrudgingly attracted to him. And I didn’t relish that thought, not one bit. If I wanted to get rid of him, my best choice would be to let him have his way today. Should I continue to fight, I’d have to deal with him tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that. And I wasn’t sure how long I’d be able to hold control of my inexplicable attraction to him.On a sigh, I stopped at the exit of the parking lot to turn around, but at that very second Lovello pulled up his car next to me and wordlessly leaned over from the driver’s seat and pushed open the passenger door. The cocky bastard knew I would’ve stopped eventually, didn’t he?Bearing a complacent smile, sprinkled with a dash of arrogance, he slipped on his aviators when I got in and floored the gas so hard that my body was forced back into the chocolate-brown leather seat of his Bugatti Veyron. Once we were in traffic, Lovello’s attempts to strike up a conversation were futile, as I remained completely unresponsive.“The more you sulk, the longer this day will be, you know,” he said, his eyes on the road as he sexily maneuvered the vehicle. “You’ve got work to do and I, well, I can do whatever I want.”“I can do whatever the hell I want, too,” I retorted. “It’s my gym.”“Ah, but you see, you have classes to instruct. So you can’t really dally around on time now, can you?”He was saved by the ring of his cellphone from the venom words that I was about to spit at him.“Nelson,” he answered. “No, I’m busy. Cancel it … No … Do I need to explain myself to anyone, Carla? … Good.” He dropped the phone in his lap and looked over at me. His aviators hid his eyes but his cockiness was still there in the car. “See?”I opened my mouth and a scoff flew out. “And you think I can’t cancel a class, too?”“Let me see you try.”“Of course I ca — oh, wait a minute! This is just another one of your tricks and I’m not falling for it. I’m not canceling my class so you can purposely prolong this lunch. Save those brain games for your clueless bimbos, Pretty Boy.”Lovello chuckled, the sound of his masculine voice filling the car and resonating deep inside me. “Seems I’m gonna have to step my game up with you, Axia. You’re a lot smarter than I thought.”Before I could make a quip, his phone went off again. “Sup, baby girl?” he crooned down the line. “Heading out to lunch with a friend … Oh shit, I know, I forgot again … Okay, okay, would you stop cussing me out, please? You know I can’t sleep when you’re mad at me … Uh, actually I’m about a minute away from your building. I’ll just pass by now.”After he ended the call, he said nothing more to me, so I made a show of wiping the back of my hand across my forehead and saying, “Phew! Does this mean I’m finally set free from this lunch date?”Lovello glanced at me and his eyebrow raised over the rim of his shades. “No.”“Lookie here, Pretty Boy, you’re not gonna stop at your girl’s house and leave me to wait for you in your car while you run inside for a little slap and tickle. I’m a woman, not a girl. You manipulated me into this lunch, so take me to lunch. Or I swear to God that while you’re in your girl’s warmth releasing sperm, your expensive tires will be releasing warm air.”Lovello erupted into such an infectious laughter that I struggled to keep a serious expression. He pulled over to the curb of a building with the marquee, France’s Fashion House HQ, and sat back in his seat still chuckling. His skin tone was a glowing warm-gold against the chocolate-brown of his car seat. And his hair, now dry, had restored its natural unkempt look.Dios, he was beautiful.Removing his aviators and pinning me with his gaze, he asked, “Are you jealous? I thought you said you didn’t like me.”“I have the feeling I’m going to be saying this to you a lot: Get over yourself!” I unbuckled my seat belt. “I can’t be jealous of someone I despise and is merely tolerating for a few hours in order to keep you away from my business. And why the hell are we at a bloody fashion house?”Lovello shook his head at my denial and exited the car, then rounded to my side and opened the door. “C’mon. Instead of getting that ‘slap and tickle’ by myself, let’s get it together.”He received the full force of my glare. “So now you want to introduce me to her? What the hell do you take me for?”Lovello shrugged. “Why is it a big deal? You’ve made it abundantly clear that you don’t want me. Therefore, we’re just friends, right?”The libertine’s gaze predictably drifted to my bare legs when I swung them out of the car and stood. “Not even friends. You’re a damned ailment, that’s what you are.”Ignoring my words, he closed the car door and took hold of my hand, leaving me no choice but to walk along with him. He pushed open the glass door of the building and we entered a wide space that popped with colors. The walls were painted a neon-green with hot-pink vector designs. There were weird-shaped chairs in various colors and black mannequins showcasing over-the-top apparels of über-bright colors. In the middle of the room was a spiraling white staircase that I assumed led up to the third floor. Due to being tugged off to an elevator, I hadn’t much time to adore Wonderland.“Seriously? It’s three floors. You couldn’t walk three floors?” I asked.“No. My legs are still sore from your punitive exercises.”I smirked. “Should’ve signed up for something less intense.”“And miss out on seeing you hot and sweaty? Not a chance. Getting to see you wet and panting is worth every sore.”Sneaking a peek up at him, I found that he was staring straight at me, and there it was, the tingle. More intense than ever. And I couldn’t, for the life of me, pull my eyes away from his grays that were now molten. Suddenly I felt warm, too warm. The elevator doors opened and I sighed in relief, but Lovello still kept his eyes on me, his face serious.“Why are you relieved?” he asked, his fingers tightening around mine.My lips parted as I took a breath, but then the corner of my eye captured a figure and I turned to the sight of a gorgeous woman with a heart-shaped face. She stood in a cute summer dress with her hands planted on her curvaceous hips, while her bright brown eyes glowered at Lovello.Lowering her gaze to our joined hands, she lifted a perfectly plucked eyebrow in questioning. Lovello, finally tearing his eyes from my face, released my hand and moved towards her in three long strides then lifted her off the ground in a hug, twirling her around while she giggled and begged for him to stop, squealing that she’d just eaten. She had curly brown hair that rippled past her hips; and as Lovello twirled her, the riot of curls whipped through the air. Damn, that was a lot of hair.Lovello finally set her back down on her feet and I couldn’t help admiring how gorgeous she was. She turned to me with speculative cognac-brown eyes. “Love,” she said in a soft voice. “Aren’t you going to introduce me?”For some reason, a nerve somewhere near the ‘anger’ part of my brain, ticked at her endearment for him and I wanted to hate her. But Lovello returned to my side and wrapped his arm around my waist, and, inexplicably so, I loved the feel of it.Dios, what the hell is wrong with me?“Sadie, this is Axia. I’m not sure who or what to introduce her as because she says we aren’t friends, neither does she want me. She labeled me a ‘plague’ and an ‘ailment’, to be exact.” He glanced down at me with a wicked grin and I narrowed my eyes at him. “And Axia, this is my beloved sister-in-law, Sadie.”Before I could stop my reaction, my shoulders relaxed in relief as I covertly blew a steady breath. But such did not go unnoticed by the detestable man with his hand around my waist. Now I understood that she’d used ‘Love’ in short for Lovello.Sadie revealed a genuine smile. “Someone who’s immune to Love’s charms? Dear God, I never thought I’d see the day!” Instead of shaking my hand, she pulled me into a hug. This was not my style. Hugs were not my thing, I preferred handshakes. But deciding not to be rude to this woman’s warm welcome, I returned the hug rather awkwardly.Releasing me, Sadie turned her attention back to Lovello. “Come along with this stunner who’s woman enough to rebuff your smart ass. I have to leave here in less than an hour for New York.” She spun and walked off, gesturing for us to follow.Tightening his arm around my waist, Pretty Boy Nelson leaned down and pressed his lips to my ear with the question, “You were relieved again. Why?”Feeling my heart taking on a strange beating pattern, I swatted his hand away from me and stalked off in Sadie’s direction. The truth is, even if I wanted to, I couldn’t have given him an answer to that question, because I knew it not. Lovello stood with his arms and legs stretched wide while Sadie and her assistant etched around him taking measurements and tailoring him into a tux. While I impatiently waited and looked on in silence, I learned that Sadie would be getting married to Natalio Nelson, the bad-ass brother, in three weeks. Everyone else’s attire had already been sorted out except Lovello’s, because he’d spent more time running around with “clueless bimbos” and kept missing his fitting appointments, said Sadie. As Sadie went on berating him and he continued to tease her in response, a pretty, dark-haired woman with bright green eyes swanned into the room. “Hey, biatch!” she greeted Sadie.Sadie smiled at the woman while she held two raw pieces of material on Lovello’s arm. “Hey, Kels.”“I thought you’d be ready by now,” said Green-eyed Girl.“Yeah, but this boor chose today of all days to come by,” Sadie replied.Lovello looked over to Green-eyed Girl. “Didn’t know you were still in San Fran. You’re going to New York, too?”“Hell, yeah!” she exclaimed. “My girl’s kicking asses and I gotta be by her side.”Lovello shook his head with a ‘yeah right’ expression. “Or is it because Sadie told you Trev’s gonna there? Your chances of landing that sucker are nil, Kels.”“A girl can dream, Love.” Green-eyed Girl then turned to me and smiled. “Heya, I’m Kelsy. Sadie’s ride or die.”Holding out my hand for a handshake, I perfunctorily replied, “Axia.”She frowned at my hand for a moment before taking it, waiting to hear who ‘Axia’ was. Sadie popped her head around from behind Lovello and answered Kelsy’s silent question. “Axia is a, um, well, let’s just say she’s possibly the only woman on earth who’s not attracted to Love. Though I don’t think she knows that it would have been better for her if she’d at least pretended that she is.” Her head disappeared behind Lovello again as she said the latter.“Whoa!” Kelsy exclaimed. “You’re seriously not affected by this walking sex machine? Are you a real person with a live, blood-pumping heart?”Refusing to engage in this conversation, I just stared at her. I’d agreed to lunch, and here I was sitting in a fashion house against my will, waiting for Lovello’s impromptu fitting to end so I could finally get done with this blasted deal, get him out of my hair, and go back to my normally controlled, hug-less and tingle-free life.Kelsy made a face at me when I didn’t answer and Lovello shot me a serious stare. Sadie, now crouching at Lovello’s feet sticking pins into materials, flashed me warm smile as if she understood me.Kelsy shrugged and plopped herself down in a feathery green chair. “Well kudos to you for not falling for his tricks like those clueless bimbos who are perpetually tugging at his arms and legs as if he were the last lamb in the field.”Lovello laughed out. “What is it with you women always calling other women ‘clueless bimbos’?”“Because they are,” all three of us answered in unison, though my blend was said in a bored monotone, while Kelsy and Sadie’s were said in exclamation.Lovello laughed harder. “Hey now, you two,” he said referring to Sadie and Kelsy, “are two warm, kind-hearted, and humane girls. Don’t you dare follow that one over there.” He pointed to me. “She’s cold and mean. Cruella Deville in living colors.”A laugh came up in my throat but I forced it back down and glowered at Lovello instead, while Kelsy giggled.“Ow!” Lovello suddenly yelped.“Oh, I’m so sorry. The pin’s right here. I told you not to move, Love,” Sadie said in a suspiciously innocent tone.Unnoticed by Lovello, Sadie glanced over at me and winked. I returned a toothless smile, knowing right there and then that I liked her. Lovello pulled up to the curb of a restaurant called White Roses. It’s a recently opened restaurant and there’s been quite a buzz about it as the day restaurant. But I’d never gotten the time to check it out and was actually glad about eating here for the first time.Lovello, who’d been quiet for most of the drive since we left Sadie’s place, took my hand and led me inside the all-white restaurant. White tables and chairs with large marble vases of white roses, and floor-to-ceiling windows that were designed to be transparent on the inside but opaque on the outside. We walked past a crescent, stainless steel bar and started up a discrete staircase where we stumbled into Natalio Nelson who was on his way down.Lovello’s eyes shone with love when he saw his brother and they immediately wrapped themselves into a hug.“I should kill you,” Lovello said, punching his brother. “I was just by your fiancée and she told me you’ve been back from Japan two days now. Couldn’t have called me?”“Calm down, Love,” Natalio smiled. “I’d planned on stopping by tonight. Since I came back I’ve been busy with this damned restaurant. The manager was a waste of time. So I sacked him and now I’ve gotta be keeping an eye this new asshole.”“Well, still pass by later. I miss ya, man.” Again, he curved a possessive arm around my waist to introduce me. “This is Axia. Axia, I assume you already know my brother, Natalio.”Natalio shook my hand. “You look a tad familiar … ah,” he said as realization dawned. “You’re the owner of PSFC.”Nodding in confirmation, I stared into the intense blue eyes of a man who I’d once had a major crush on when I’d just moved to San Francisco and started on my gym. My choice of using everything ENEN wasn’t just because his equipments were top-of-the-line, but because I’d seen him once at a gala, and his brooding, all-black persona had me intrigued. But he’d never taken notice of me and that crush had soon dissipated. To top it off, he was no longer an all-black brooder, but an all-white smiler. Dressed in white flannel pants and a white shirt with his loose dark hair dangling on his shoulders, he was looking everything akin a white Knight, and I couldn’t think of anyone else who’d look better on his arm than his gorgeous, curly-haired fiancée.“From ENEN himself: thank you for being such a loyal customer.”“You’re welcome. I like quality and that’s what you give,” I replied.Lovello scoffed. “That’s not what you said this morning. Now you’re sucking up to him?” He fixed his gaze on Natalio. “She said putting a time limit on a gift means it’s not really a gift and that you should take your gifts and shove them up your ass.”Dios mío! I slammed my elbow into his side and he groaned in surrender then started to laugh.Natalio also laughed. “Really now? Well, for you, I’ll remove the time limit. Happy?”“Very.”“Be sure to stop by later, bro,” said Lovello in a serious tone. “I need to talk to you about your decision for NIFTZ. Sadie’s not too happy about it.”Natalio ran a hand through his hair, his face now tightened with anxiety. “She talked to you? What did she say? It’s so damn hard to get through to her when she’s sulking. And don’t tell me that it’s my decision because you know damn well it’s Father’s decision and not mine.”Lovello pulled me off. “We’ll talk later, man. My stomach’s howling. The menu better be good, or else I’m not paying.”Natalio snorted. “Do you ever pay?”“That’s because the menu’s never good,” Lovello chuckled as we continued up the stairs.We stepped out onto a private balcony which had a circular, white leather couch that could comfortably seat ten people and a similarly shaped, white marble table. A large turquoise vase of white roses was set in the center, and a massive white umbrella stretched over the area to shade off the glare of the sun. The area seemed to be reserved for special guests, and I was somewhat glad for the privacy.Once we were seated side-by-side, which Lovello insisted on, we quietly went through the menu. He hadn’t been his usual flirty self since we left the fashion house and had only talked as much when he ran into his brother.Without looking at me, he asked, “Decided on what you want?”“Yeah. Who’ll wait us?”He reached under the table and pressed a button that I hadn’t noticed before. Seconds later, a waiter walked out onto the balcony with a jug of chilled water. I made my order of Chicken Alfredo, and Lovello ordered Flat Iron Steak Sandwich. Once the waiter left, I decided to break the awkward silence. “You’ve been quiet, Pretty Boy.”He jerked his face to me, frowning as if surprised at the observation. “I have?”“Yep. But I don’t mind, really. The less you talk, the sooner this lunch will be over, and the deal will be sealed.”Then if you don’t mind why the hell did you break the silence, liar?“You really don’t like me, do you?”In lieu of answering, I took up my glass of water and sipped, training my gaze forward.Lovello sighed. “You see? If I’ve been silent, then this is why. I don’t know how to go about communicating with you. You’re just so strange … I-I don’t know … you’re different. One minute you’re straightforward, showing unconcealed hatred for me, and I think that’s who you are and how you truly feel. Fine, I can work with that. But then the next minute you have this … look in your eyes. And you don’t mind me touching you. That confuses me, so I’m not sure what end to approach you from because I never know what your reaction is going to be. And what’s with all the relieving sighs?”I turned to him. “Then if I’m such a jigsaw puzzle, why are you putting yourself through all this trouble? Why continue to annoy me, being the bane of my existence?”“Because I really want to get to know you, Axia. You’ve gotten to me. Big time.”“And I want to not know you.”“I get that. Stop trying to wound my ego at every turn.”“Good. Then give it up!”“No,” he said firmly.“Why not? You know this isn’t going anywhere. I’m never going to sleep with you.”“I just want to be able to make you smile. I’ve never seen you smile. You’re always so serious.” He sounded sincere enough.“You’re going after an impossible goal, Pretty Boy.”Smiling, he reached out his hand to brush his thumb over my cheek. “I like it when you call me that. In that faint Hispanic accent, it’s sexy as hell.”Bemused as to why I didn’t recoil from his touch, I could only utter, “Then maybe I should stop.”It was an enigma to me why I liked, no, loved the feel of his touch so much. Why I loved it when he held my hand and led me. Why I loved it when he possessively wrapped his arm around my waist. I’ve never been that girl: the girl who likes it when men do little things like that. Well, only once in my teenage years, for a fleeting moment when I’d just started dating my college boyfriend. But he’d quickly changed me from that girl, making me the unaffectionate wretch I am today.Lovello’s touch, though, did something to me. His touch made me want to be touched. Made me want to be held by the hand and be tucked at his side.His hand fell from my face at the same time he sighed, and for the first time I wished I knew what he was thinking. The blame of confusion shouldn’t be cast on him when I couldn’t even understand my own feelings. I was just as confused about my reactions as he was.In a few minutes, the waiter was back with our food, and I was reminded how hungry I was. No time was spared between the second the waiter placed the dish on the table and the full fork of Chicken Alfredo that headed straight to my mouth.“Guess someone’s hungry,” chuckled the Pretty Boy.I looked up at him with a mouth full of pasta. “What? I love food! Don’t hate me for it.”Lovello chuckled harder at the way the words muffled around the food in my mouth.Chewing and swallowing everything before I spoke next, I asked, “Do you have any idea how many calories I burn per day with all those workout classes?”“No idea.” He shook his head, still smiling.“Three times as much as I eat. So this is nothing, it will all be gone with my next class.”“I believe you, beauts. Because that body of yours…” he trailed off, eying my bare legs.“Let’s not talk about my body, please.”Lovello shrugged and took a bite of his sandwich. “Then what do you want to talk about?”“You’re really asking me that question when I just made it clear to you that I desire to know nothing about you and prefer it if we not talk?”He laughed, taking a drink of his lemonade. “Believe it or not, I’ve never done this before. So…”“Never done what?”“Take a girl out with the aim of trying to get to know her.”“Yeah. Right.”“I’m serious,” he said. “Okay, instead of taking them straight to my pad like most bachelors do, I ask them out to dinner because that kinda put them in the mood I want them to be in — and it’s also a deterrent against talk that I treated them like ‘a piece of meat’. Usually, once we order, I always find an excuse to leave the table and I don’t return until I know she’s finished eating. So, yes, I try to get to know them, but only in a Biblical sense. I feed them some fancy and expensive meat before they feed me theirs.”He’d said earlier that he had never seen me laugh: if only he knew the incalculable times I had to fight my laughs from manifesting. The man was something else. “So what do you do in all that time you’re away from the table?”He shrugged. “Head to whatever restaurant or lounge is next door and find some other girl to mess around with. You know, the girl I meet next door will be tomorrow night’s date.”“And when you’re back at the table the girl doesn’t ask where you’ve been for the entire dinner or even sulk? You leaving doesn’t affect you getting to know her?”“I’m a businessman. I was out on an emergency business call or taking a smoke.”“You smoke?”“No.”Another laugh stifled. “Seriously, are you that bored with life? To do shit like that?”“Not life. The women. I’m bored with them. They’re all the same. That’s why I ‘do shit like that’,” he deadpanned.Knowing that I couldn’t whip him on the back as much as I wanted to, leaving behind fiery red welts, I shook my head. “Change of subject, please.”He nodded, but only continued to eat and said nothing further.As much as I claimed I preferred the silence, I seriously couldn’t bear it when he was quiet. “So, you said yesterday was your birthday?”“I thought you said you had no interest in knowing anything about me.”“I know what I said,” I snapped. “But the silence is more overwhelming than your annoying voice.”Pretty Boy Nelson chewed the last of his sandwich, wiped his mouth then sat back and grinned at me.“What’s so funny?”“You.”“Fine, ass, you don’t have to answer the damn question.” I was vastly irritated.“Yes. Yesterday was my birthday. August 10th,” he softly answered.“So now you’re two years less than thirty?”“Yes. You?”As if he didn’t already know. “Five years less.”“When is your birthday?”“February 30th.”Lovello threw his hands up. “I swear to God, Axia…”“What, never had to labor for a lay before?”“No. Never. And you’re not a lay.”“Ha! You didn’t have to tell me that, Pretty Boy. I thought I made myself clear earlier. There’s nothing you could ever do to get between my legs.”Lovello stared at me with serious eyes, not a trace of a smile or flirt. To match his stare, I shifted in the seat to face him. I couldn’t decipher his mood, whether he was irritated or contemplative, so I held his stare, trying to guage him. He slid closer to me, eating up the space between us while I pretended not to be intimidated. But then he leaned into me, forcing me to lean back. When he saw that, he continued leaning in while I continued reclining, fearing he might try to kiss me. He was close enough to let his nose brush against mine, and thrills surged through my body at the contact.Looking up into the darkened gray of his eyes, I somehow forgot the mechanics of breathing and, unconsciously, brought my right leg up to the couch. My body was sizzling from head to sole, and I knew at that moment that, if he kissed me, it would be my undoing. I wouldn’t have the strength to fight back. The man simply knew how to weaken me, not that I showed it. As long as he didn’t kiss me, I’d do just fine. He didn’t stop leaning in until I was laying supine on the seat and his hands were palm-flat on either side of my head. Dear God … Why wasn’t I fighting or pushing him way? Had I forgotten completely how to control myself?Lovello brought his tempting peach-colored lips mere inches away from mine and I knew, I knew he would kiss me …Or not.Instead of blessing me with a kiss from those sexy lips, he brought them to my ear and whispered, “I hope you remember those words when I have you in my bed screaming and thrashing about. When I have you impaled … toes curling, back arching, hard thrusting, mewls and pleas for more … more … more of me. My mission, Axia, is to tame you. I’m going to teach you how to submit. How to smile. How to live.” He gently bit my earlobe and I struggled to remain stoic and not whimper. “I will get through to you. I will get you in my bed. I will get between your legs.”Pretty Boy Nelson tilted his head and looked down at our position. I was on my back, one leg bent up in the seat and the other hung to the floor. And, yes, Lovello was right there between them. “Er, scratch the latter. I’m already between your legs.”Unable to maintain my stoic stance any longer, I wordlessly pushed at his chest but that only made him chuckle. “Calm down, Cruella.”He pressed a swift kiss to my cheek and abruptly stood up and grabbed my wrist before I could do or say anything. “I know your first inclination will be to hit me or tell me something nasty and then bolt. See? I’m getting to know you. I won’t keep you any longer because I know at this very moment you hate my guts. Let me take you back to work. We don’t have to talk.”Silently angered that he was starting to calculate me too well, I did the smartest thing and kept quiet. That way, he’d never know if he was right or wrong and would only be more confused.As he held my hand and led me off the balcony, glancing at me charily every two seconds, obviously not knowing what to make of my reaction, I warred with myself, wondering where my control was when I needed it. How could I have let him weaken me so easily? I was less mad at the fact that he’d played me so well into that position, and more mad at the fact that I’d wanted so desperately for his lips to touch mine.Mierda …


IVTimo glared up at me through his small dark eyes, his fluffy brown and black fur vibrating in anticipation. The dog food rained down in his bowl, and his head was in the bowl before I even had time to remove the food bag. Gazing down at my beloved Yorkshire terrier, I became saddened that I had to do without him throughout the day. I used to take him to the gym with me, but that had turned out to a messy idea, because half the time I didn’t know where he’d run off to. So I started leaving him at home.Timo possessed enough obedience to stay at home without destroying the house, plus he had his own little lair where he could run wild and do as he pleased. Sometimes I left him with Ally, my next door neighbor’s teenage daughter. She loved Timo as if he were her own and often took him on the weekends. He didn’t bark a lot and was always happy to see me when I came home, giddy as hell. I was sure to leave at least three full bowls of food and water before I left in the mornings, but by the time I’d get home, everything would be devoured and he’d be clawing at my leg vibrating for more. Sometimes I just looked at his tiny little frame and wondered where it all went.The doorbell rang, disrupting my special dog hour with Timo. The clock on the opposite wall told me it was a few minutes after eight, and I couldn’t imagine who’d be visiting me without even calling first. Tired, frustrated from an undermining day of Lovello, and wretchedly hungry, I really couldn’t afford a guest right now. I trudged to the door anyway and wrenched it open, revealing the crouched figure of my college boyfriend, Zane Zekiel. Dressed in all-black with a red leash around his neck, Zane was on his knees at my doorway, head bowed, waiting patiently for me to take up the leash and tug him in.Resting my head against the side of the door, I sighed. “Zane, I’ve told you, I don’t do this anymore. Why would you tempt me like this?”He kept his head down. “Please, Axia. I need it. I’ve been bad.”“But I’m not your Domme. I haven’t been for years.” Though he did come to me occasionally, whenever he missed me, and I him. “Where’s Tatiana?”“Like you, she’s retired.”Oh great, I sighed again, this is just what I don’t need. “Zane, get up. I can’t talk to you when you’re like that. It’s too … tempting.”“Pull me in, my heart. Please.”“You didn’t obey, Zane.”He chuckled slightly but he still didn’t look up at me. “You know it wasn’t a command, so don’t say that. Please, pull me in.”Out of frustration, I grabbed the leash and pulled him in, slamming the door behind us.“Zane, stop. Stand up and talk to me. You know I can’t do this.”He obeyed this time, rising to his feet and giving me a reminder that he was a whole foot taller than me. With chocolate-dark skin and gold-flecked hazel-brown eyes, hazels that were so captivating it was hard to look away from them, Zane had wide shoulders and a build that was fat-free. No joke. He was a man of muscles. Not bulky, hulk-like muscles, but muscles that were befitting to his proportion, taut and hard. Tall, dark, damned good-looking and muscled.Now a professional basketball player, Zane Zekiel used to be the most popular guy back in school, and I was the pretty half-Hispanic girl by his side. He was the first man for me, the man who changed me into me. When I’d first met him he was, outwardly, the guy who had the whole leadership, tough-guy thing going for him. Captain of the basketball team, head of the popular clique on campus, parents that were moneyed, and basically everyone wanted to be his friend.After dating for five months, he felt he could invest his trust into me and reveal what he was really like. Zane was a guy who liked to be punished, whipped, battered. He gained some sick pleasure from pain. Zane wanted to be ruled, and he wanted me to rule him. At that time, I was young, never heard of this kind of depraved thing before, and was scared out of my wits because I couldn’t understand it.But he’d coaxed me, told me he would train me and there was nothing to fear, that I would fall in love with it when I saw the power it gave me. He’d told me he knew I had it in me because he’d watched me for months and saw how dictatorial and unbendable I was, that he knew he’d found the right girl, finally.Because I’d loved him to pieces with every grain of dust that made up my body, and would’ve done anything he wanted me to, I’d succumbed. I hadn’t fallen in love with his sick world, though. I merely did it for him. Because he wanted it, and I wanted him.Two years later, Zane broke up with me for an older woman, Tatiana, who he claimed was “more experienced and severe” in that area. That had served to make me grow vile and cold, and addicted to punishing. He was the center of my world, I’d loved him beyond measure and he’d broken my heart. Still, he refused to stay out of my life. He didn’t want to be with me, but he didn’t want to be without me.None of my subsequent Subs stayed with me for more than three months, leaving with complaints that I was ruthless and loveless, that Dommes were to show affection to their Subs. What they didn’t seem to realize was that I wasn’t a genuine Domme, that I didn’t care for it. I was just angry as hell and needed an outlet to release my never-dying wrath.On occasion, Zane would appear at my door like this and I’d always be happy to see him, ready to play. And when I was ruthlessly punitive, he’d only smile in satisfaction afterward and comment on how much better I was getting at it. The man was blind to the fact that I was just still bloody angry. No, I wasn’t a Domme. I was just an irate woman with a whip in my hand.“What do you want, Zane?”“My heart, I know you’re trying to walk away from this, but I really need you right now. I need you.”“Why do you want to be punished?”He hung his head. “I’ve been slipping up too much on the court. I’ve been benched for two whole games.” He lifted his head and pressed his palm to his chest. “Me! Zane Zekiel! It’s just total bullshit.”“So why do you think you’re slipping up?”His broad shoulders jerked in a shrug. “I dunno. Maybe it’s because Tatiana quit at it. You quit at it. And I just haven’t had a good hiding in a while. You know I can’t just trust anyone, or else I’ll face the media. It’s bothering me that I’m gonna have to go through the whole process of finding someone trustworthy again. I just don’t have the time for that right now. My days are spent training, flying or gaming. You know how it is in reg-season.”“You’re whining like a damn bitch. Start using non-disclosure agreements and contracts. It’s simple.”“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that. But I need you now, Axia. Please, it’s just punishment as ususual, no sex, I promise. Don’t make me beg. I cleared a lot of important things just to fly here to see you. So you must know how much I need you.”“Zane, do you care about me at all?”“You know I do. I’ve never been out of your life. I love you and I always will.”“No, you don’t! You’ve messed me up as person, big time. And I’m trying to change and here you are trying to haul me back into your fucked-up lifestyle.”Zane smiled at me, which only made me angrier. “God, I’ve missed you yelling at me in that sexy accent.”“Did you hear what I just said?!”His smile widened. “Hmm, Miss Blacksille, I’m not sure I did. I’ve been distracted…”Enraged, I picked up his leash and yanked hard until he was on his knees. Glowering down at him, I snarled, “You’re in my house and you will listen when I speak!”He blinked and his eyes immediately went passive. “Yes, Mistress “Oh hell … “Zane, we’re not playing!”He frowned. “We’re not?”Beyond frustrated, I was instantly reminded of a certain irritating plague. Just then I realized that I’d fallen for another one of Zane’s tricks. He knew what he was doing. He knew that the only way to get his way tonight was to get me irate. And I’ve stepped right into it. Now it was too late to step out, because I was doubly enraged by the memories of today’s events when I was completely undermined by a certain pretty boy. I remember how I’d wanted to whip his ass when he’d spoken ill about women.Zane saw and knew I’d bought into his trick, because he visibly relaxed, patiently awaiting orders.“I’ve been cleaning out The Room. So there’s not many implements left. We’ll have to improvise.” The leash fell from my hands. “Get inside and assume in center.”Zane started crawling on all fours towards The Room. “Okay.”“Okay?” I lashed in that voice I reserved for playtime.“Sorry. I mean: Yes, Mistress”Mollified, I hopped over a balled-up and snoring Timo and headed to my bedroom. I stripped bare then got dressed in a black leather corset, tiny leather shorts and leather thigh-highs. I coiled my ponytail in a tight bun, then retrieved my favorite whip hidden in my closet.When I entered The Room, Zane had stripped down to his boxers, his red leash still around his neck. He was kneeling, head bowed, in the middle of the room, his taut dark-chocolate skin looking amazing under the dim glow of red light, with his massive angel wings tattoo spreaded across his back.The tile floors echoed the soft click of my heels as I slowly walked towards him, poised and ready to inflict pain. I circled his huge, masculine figure and cracked my whip. Damn, I’ve missed that sound.“So, Zane Zekiel,” I began in my smooth and seductive playtime voice. “I hear you’ve been a bad boy…”A week later, I was ruffling about in my bedroom packing a suitcase to make it in time to the airport for my flight to L.A. I’d scarcely agreed to doing the cover shoot with Prime Size magazine when they rallied back with an immediate date. I hadn’t been a bitch about it, however. In fact, I’ve been perfectly relaxed and content since, one: giving Zane an amazing hiding. And two: Pretty Plague Nelson kept his word and ended his pursuit.The annoyance, disruption and distraction were gone and I was back to my usual self again: in control and focused. It would be raw dishonesty and sinful prevarication if I said I hadn’t thought about him, though. In my thoughts, he’d been there. In my dreams, there he was. In my fantasies, oh sweet leather whips, he was there! Naked, tethered, and red as a rose from my lashings.But those were the only places he was allowed to be. Being in my life for real was not an option. He held a certain power over me that no one else had ever had, and he read me too well. Around him, I had to be sharp and alert, shield perpetually in position. For he was too damn good at seducing and I was too damn bad at resisting.There were truths, and there were lies. The praise Sadie gave me for being possibly the only woman unaffected by his charms was undeserved, because I was affected by him and, yes, I liked him. But there’s truth in it that I didn’t want him. I didn’t. It would be disastrous.The second I zipped my suitcase closed, my cellphone howled. I eased it from my jeans pocket and flopped back onto the bed, smiling at the caller ID. “Hey, Mom.”Timo lurched up onto the bed to curl up beside me and I raked my fingers through his soft fur.“Axia! Baby, how are you?”“Good. Just finished packing for L.A.”“For … ?”“Forgot to tell you, Prime Size magazine wants me on their cover for next month’s issue.”“Since when did you start accepting proposals?”I laughed. “I accepted this because Prime Size is one of my fave mags. You know that, too. Plus, it’s just a photo shoot. It’s not a hefty, turn-me-into-a-celebrity thing like the other proposals. This I can deal with.”“Okay. Well, I’m never truly worried when it comes to you. You always seem to know what you’re doing and have your life under control. Just like your mother, you know your ass from your elbow,” she laughed in her deep Hispanic accent. “Anyway, I’m calling to let you know I’ll be flying in next week.”“Miss Dad already?”“Oh hush! I’m not coming to see your father, I’m coming to see you.”Laughter spewed from me. “You always get just as defensive as Dad does whenever I mention you. You two are the strangest divorced couple I’ve ever known.”My mother, Seleste D’costa-Blacksille was a Colombian native who’d came to the U.S. on a student visa. Here she met my father, they’d fallen instantly in love and tied the knot eighteen months afterwards when she got knocked up with my brother, Romaine. A fleeting two years later, I was conceived.Being obsessively besotted with each other, what they’d looked past in the beginning was the fact that they were both the same: strong-headed, domineering, intractable and completely unwilling to compromise. The love they had for each other blazed in wild flames as high as prison walls, never once wavering, so they tried to make it work. But it was impossible for two dominant people to be together, someone had to submit and neither was willing to. As a result, despite the intense love that burned between them, they reluctantly divorced.My father insisted that my mother kept his name, vowing he wasn’t ever going to love another, therefore he was never going to remarry, that there was no other woman in the world that he wanted to have his last name. The lawyers had said it was the most loving, tear-jerking divorce session they’d ever witnessed, that they couldn’t fathom why my parents were going through with it. Seleste and Vince have always been known as the divorced couple who remained married. After the divorce, I’d spent the majority of my formative years in Colombia with my mother, which is how I ended up with a subtle accent. My brother had stayed back in L.A with Dad when I chose to go with my mother, but I’d eventually came back to attend college.Quite frequently, my mother discreetly flew out to L.A. to see him. Sometimes they weren’t as discreet, though, for they would still attend events and such as if they were still married. They just couldn’t stay away from each other for more than a month. Whoever they were upfront dating came second in their lives.“He gets defensive when you mention me?” she asked like a teenage girl who’s eager to know what the boy she’s crushing on thinks of her.“Yes. You know Dad’s forever yours, Mom.”Seleste huffed down the line. “Not anymore. I hear he’s dating that reporter girl, Eve Tomb.” She sighed. “You don’t think she’s too young for your father, darling?”The laugh bubbled from my throat before I could stop it. “Mom, has Dad dated anyone his own age since you got divorced? He’s always been dating ripe, young models and actresses, and it has never bothered you. Why are you so sullen now?”“Because I haven’t heard from him in over six weeks and there are constant pictures and stories of them on the Internet, which means he must really be into her. Oh God, what if he’s fallen in love with her?”“Calm down, Mom. Dad’s free to do whatever he wants and so are you. You guys aren’t married anymore and you both keep confusing each other with your … clandestine meetings.”“I’m not —”“If you want to find out if he’s lost his love for you,” I talked over her, “then find someone just as young and hot. Someone known. You know you’re good for it. He’ll hear, and his actions will tell you if his love is still there.”“I don’t want to. I haven’t been with anyone since he made me break it off with Mark. I don’t think I’ll ever want anyone but your father, Axia.”“I don’t know what to tell you, Mom. Maybe you shouldn’t have gotten a divorce. Maybe you should’ve done what God commands us women to do and submit to your husband.”“Says you, Axia?”“Hey, the command says, “wives, submit to your husbands“! I’m not a wife and I don’t have a husband so I don’t have to submit to anyone. And that’s why I’m never getting married.”Seleste snickered. “I’ll never win on this with you, so I’m not even gonna go there. Just remember to prepare my favorite dish when I arrive next week. I love you, baby. Gotta go.”Timo curled up on my stomach when I ended the call, giving me his sad face, not at all happy that I was leaving. I rubbed between his ears and he closed his eyes in appreciation. “Mommy’s only leaving for two days. Don’t be sad, I’ll be back before you know it.”The doorbell rang and Timo hopped off my stomach and began whining while I pulled my suitcase off the bed and started for the door. “C’mon, Timo, your favorite girl Ally is here for you.”


VThe floodlights above were emanating so much heat that I kept begging for the air-conditioner to be adjusted. It was already on its coldest degree, they claimed. For a space this small, I couldn’t understand why they didn’t use smaller lights.A pierced-lipped, bleached-blond gay guy played in my hair with hot tools while a petite brunette refreshed my make-up. Sighing and wondering what the hell I was thinking when I agreed to this shoot, I checked the clock for maybe the hundredth time, not even sure why I was checking the time, because it’s not like I could leave until they were finished with me.Tish was seated next to me delivering whatever messages, proposals, or problems that came in for the day, while I was trying to be a good little girl and not snap at the many people who were fussing around me. Being here all day doing various shots, I was tired, hungry and thirsty. Though they’d solicitously asked what I wanted to eat, I’d told them I was fine. I didn’t like the idea of strangers getting my food, and I didn’t send Tish because I wanted, no, needed her there to keep me sane. Okay, so maybe I wasn’t being a good little girl entirely.Someone switched the channel of the television on the far right. There was a rerun of last night’s basketball game showing, and my lips curved in a smile when I saw Zane playing on the courts in his usual fashion. Tall and muscled as he was, he moved like a Tasmanian devil on the court; guess the punishment did him well. People like Zane needed pain and torture to stay focused in life. Don’t ask me why, I’ve never been able to wrap my head around it, but I sure as hell liked aiding in it.“Oh, I swear that Zane Zekiel dude is fine as hell!” said the gay hairstylist over my head. “Whoowee, what I wouldn’t give to get a taste of that chocolate hunk!”The make-up artist, who had finally finished dabbing my face with powder, giggled shyly and glanced up at the television. “I know, right? I was so upset when they benched him for the past two games. Who does that? He’s like the star of the team. No wonder they’d lost.”Tish caught my eye and smirked, but I ignored her.That ‘Zane Zekiel dude’ is freakin’ twisted, I mused.The hairstylist spun my chair around to face the mirror, and my eyes expanded at the sight of my hair. With a host of bouncy curls, I looked like Cinderella ready for a ball, a prince and a pumpkin chariot. What fitness icon wore bouncy curls? “No, no,” I said, most implacably. “These curls are too tight. Loose curls, please. Or restore my hair to its straightness.”Curls weren’t me. Let alone tight bouncy curls. What was I, a frigging prom queen?“I think you look amazing. Exactly how a woman should look: soft and cherubic.”The voice of that compliment was not of the gay hairstylist, and all my inward organs sighed and sagged. Oh heavens, not today. Today could contain not a drop more of annoyance.Pretending not to hear, I kept my eyes on the hairstylist who was gawking at the owner of the voice. “Right here, Gay Boy, look at me. Remove these curls. I don’t like them.”The hairstylist nodded and started at my hair, but The Voice halted him. “No. Leave the curls. She looks absolutely stunning.”Refusing to even acknowledge The Voice, I crossed my legs, trailed my index finger slowly across my lower lip, and gave the hairstylist a penetrated glare in the mirror, adequate intimidation injected. He made nervous glances between me and The Voice, then shrugged and promptly began straightening my hair. Appeased, I turned my eyes back to the television screen, pretending to be lost in the basketball game.A hand appeared in front of my face holding a mouth-watering cup of Milky Way Malt. My mouth salivated at the chocolate-caramel syrup that swirled over the foamy blend of vanilla ice cream and malted milk. A growl sounded in my stomach at the sight of my favorite shake of Los Angeles, and I couldn’t stop my tongue from darting out and passing over my glossed lips.Following the length of the arm that held the cup, it was covered in a gray thermal shirt — which did a lousy job at hiding the definition of the bulging muscles, by the way — my eyes continued up and over a broad shoulder, up to a smooth but masculine neck, and finally landing on the face of the overbearing, but heavenly beautiful, Lovello Nelson. His slate-gray eyes held a devilish gleam with the streaks of blue being brighter than usual, while his smile was as sly as a fox’s. “If you don’t drink it soon, Axia, it’ll just melt and the whole thing will go to waste. This is your favorite milk shake, so I know you wouldn’t want that to happen.”Unable to fathom why he was here, how he knew I was here, and how he even knew what my favorite shake was, I narrowed my eyes at him. “How did you —”“Oh c’mon, Axia,” he curtailed. “Are you really gonna ask me that ‘how did you know’ question again?” He came to stand in front of me, took up my hand and placed the shake in it, wrapping my fingers securely around the cup. “I told you, I am who I am. It takes very little effort to get whatever information I need. Now drink up. You look dehydrated. Don’t they feed you here?”He snapped his finger at a passing woman, and she stopped instantly, tossed her auburn hair over her shoulders and fluttered her eyelashes. But flirting wasn’t Lovello’s intention apparently. “Miss Blacksille here is the subject of the shoot, isn’t she?”The woman frowned. “Yes, sir.”“Then why does she look this pale? The lights are blinding and it’s hotter than a dragon’s tongue in here. On top of that, she’s not being fed. Is that how you people treat your subjects?”The woman’s cheeks flushed red. “She insisted she was fine … Um, I’m just the director’s assistant. I’ll go get him —”“No need,” I interjected. “I’m good. You don’t need to suck up to this a-hole.”Turning my gaze back to Lovello, I glared at this impossible man. “Who do you think you are, barging in here talking to people like that?”“Just looking out for you. It’s obvious you haven’t eaten at all, Axia. What’s the purpose of your assistant, then? Where’s the woman who told me: “I love food! Hate me for it”?”Clenching my teeth, I gritted out, “I don’t need you interfering in my life. I’m my own woman and I do my own thing. Seriously, Pretty Boy, today is not the day to piss me off.”Lovello chuckled. “I’d be easily pissed off, too, if I’d been working all day, tired as a horse and starving almost to death.”The strength to argue with this pestiferous man wasn’t there. It truly wasn’t. “What are you doing here, Lovello?”I brought the straw to my lips and took a long pull of the milk shake, no longer able to pretend I didn’t need it. At the sweet, malty taste on my tongue, my eyes shuttered down and a moan of appreciation slipped from me. It’d been months since I’d had one of these sweet babies. “I thought we had an agreement. You promised to stay away, remember?”“Nah. I promised to stay away from your gym. Not from you.” He crossed his arms and leaned back on the stylist’s counter before me, as if no one else was there but us. Everyone else was quietly taking us in, albeit pretending to be focused on their task at hand. But Lovello didn’t seem to be the least bit aware of anyone but me.Lance Neil, the photo shoot director, came around to us and smiled, more fawningly at Lovello than me. Lovello’s presence was commanding, imposing, intimidating. His posture, his stares, his grim stance were enough to make anyone timid. Even if you didn’t know who he was, his unwavering confidence spoke for him, ensuring the ignorant that he wasn’t just a normal man. “Miss Blacksille? Claire tells me there’s a problem?”“No, Lance, there isn’t. It’s this interfering bast —”“Yes. There is a problem,” Lovello butted in, pinning a death stare at Lance. “You’re shooting a pale-faced, starved woman to put on the cover of a fitness magazine. See any problem in that?”“I’m sorry, um, Mr … ?”“Nelson. Lovello Nelson,” he said, arms folded, brow raised.Lance Neil’s eyes bulged a fraction at the recognition, then he turned his fawning up a notch. “We have been trying to feed her all morning, but … Miss Blacksille here is not the easiest woman to deal with.”“I see. Well, she can’t continue this shoot until she’s fed.”“I completely understand that, Mr. Nelson.” Lance turned to me. “What would you like to eat, Miss Blacksille?”“Nothing.” I couldn’t believe what was taking place. It’s like I didn’t have a say in anything. In walks Mr. Arrogant Asshole, giving orders as if I were his property.Lovello waved his hand dismissively. “Don’t mind her. Chinese. She’ll have Shrimp Fried Rice, extra soy sauce. Fried wontons for appetizers and unsweetened carrot juice. Large.”My mouth fell open. Of course, he also knew what I liked in Chinese food. I’d never regretted bringing Trudy that thumb-drive until now. My life has been thoroughly invaded by this man.“Okay, sir,” Lance smiled and jogged off.Lovello continued with our conversation as if he hadn’t just insinuated to everyone present that I belonged to him, and whatever he says, goes. “I’ve been in L.A. since yesterday. A message in a bottle made me aware that you were here, too. So, I thought I’d stop by and say ‘Hi’.”All the while I kept strawing down my delicious Milky Way, never minding the brain freezes.“That look on your face right now,” he added, “was worth the stop. Who knew a cup of Milky Way Malt could melt off that cold exterior? Even if it’s just until the cup empties.”“Thanks, Pretty Boy,” I mumbled over the straw. “You’ve seen me, fed me and said your ‘Hi’. Appreciated. Now, as you can see, I’m busy. Please leave. You’re a distraction.”Before Lovello could answer, Tish stepped between us and handed me a small Cartier gift bag. “Was just delivered for you.”“What? Who else knows I’m here? Is there any privacy in my life anymore?” I asked, exhausted, exasperated and frustrated.Tish shrugged, then she flashed Lovello a vicious grin and sauntered away.Lovello’s brows furrowed as he eyed the gift bag in my hand. I opened the bag and withdrew a small card that wrote:My heart, Heard you were in my city. Thought I’d say thank you for the other night. We could be really good together if we gave ‘us’ a second go. Think about it… Love you always, ZaneTrying not to scoff at the words I used to long for Zane to say to me, I pulled the flat red case from the bag and opened it. It held a white-gold necklace which had two connecting hearts studded with tiny diamonds. Shaking my head, I snapped the case shut and shoved it back into the bag. Zane knew I didn’t wear fancy jewelry, so I wasn’t sure why he would send me a necklace. A sexy lingerie or a six-inch heel thigh-high or even some sex toys would’ve done the trick.Glancing up, I realized Lovello was no longer there. Hard to believe he’d leave without giving some annoying goodbye. Oh well, I shrugged, at least he’s gone. Don’t know why he was here anyway, or why he continued digging up information about me. He needed to stop.Zane was one of the few people to whom Tish was allowed to reveal information about me, so I understood how he would know where I was. But Lovello? He needed to give it up.Do you really mean that, Axia? Stop sending your brain in a tizzy, child. You know you don’t want that.I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I glanced up to see Tish vibrating with irritation. “Mr. Nelson is asking to see you.”“What?”“He’s in the hall. He says it’s urgent.”“Tell ‘Mr. Nelson’ that I’m busy, Tish. My hair is being straightened, as you can see, and I have no time for him and his games. If it’s a medical urgency, tell him to call the paramedics; otherwise call the police. I can’t help him either way.”Tish nodded and left, but in a few short minutes she was back. “He’s insisting that he wants to speak with you, Axia.”By the look on Tish’s face, I could tell that she was irritated to the highest degree. I know, because he does that to me, too. Knowing he would only continue harassing my assistant if I continued to ignore him, or worse yet, come back here and cause me more embarrassment, I excused myself from the stylist’s chair and went in search of the plague.As I stomped down the hall, a squeal escaped my lips when I was suddenly yanked off into a room and pushed up against a wall. The door slammed, the lock turned, and I was looking up into the exasperated face of Lovello Nelson. His hands were pressed flat against the wall on either side of my head, while the lower half of his body pinned me to the wall. The room was dimly lit, but enough to tell that it was a storage room, as it was packed to the ceiling with lighting fixtures, power fans and background sheets.“Just what the hell do you think you’re doing?!” I raged at him.Lovello’s face was implacable, no humor, no flirt. “Shut. Up. Axia.”“Don’t you dare —”“I’m going to tell you this just once: I don’t play the sharing game. I share nothing at all. Therefore, you’re going to cut it off with whatever clown you’re running around with or leading on. Because I’m interested in you now. And I won’t tolerate any other man touching you, calling you or sending you gifts. Do you understand?”Was this man serious? Maybe he was deluded. He must be. Who the hell did he think he was? “No. I don’t understand. I think you need to see a psychiatrist. You’re giving orders to the wrong woman, Pretty Boy. It seems whoever is giving you a daily report on me forgot to tell you that.”Lovello revealed a sly grin. “Oh, they did. And I’ve heeded, stood back, and studied you.” He brought his hand down to my cheek, brushing his knuckles against it, and I automatically leaned into his touch, like magnet to steel. “What do you think I’ve been doing all week, Axia? Staying away because you asked me to?”His thumb passed over my lower lip, and I parted them, exhaling hitched breath on his fingers. Though I wanted him to stop, I couldn’t help myself when he touched me. “No, sweet girl. I wasn’t. For the past week, I’ve been going over and over the details of that Friday when we spent those few wonderful hours together. Trying to find some clue to you; to your weakness. I refused to come close to you again until I did.” His fingers traveled under my chin and tipped up my face so I could look at him. “I’m here now. So you can guess I’ve found my answer.”I could only gaze back into his grays that were now like melted steel, and into me he poured all that heat and steam. My body was so hot beneath my robe, I felt I would combust. Words remained elusive.“You want to know what that is, Axia? Your weakness to me? The one thing you can’t resist?”My eyes shuttered down at the caressing of his warm minty breath against my lips. “W-What?”Pretty Boy Nelson brought his hands to cup my face, pressed his forehead against mine, then whispered, “My touch.”A whimper escaped me at the verity of his words. Oh sweet Lord, I was doomed. “That’s not true.”“You know it is,” he breathed, before slipping his tongue inside my mouth.My pushes at his chest were lame and half-hearted, because seconds later I was returning his kiss and that made him groan. His sweet tongue explored the depths and crevices of my mouth, gliding over the ridges of my teeth, pulling on my lips with small tugs, chasing my tongue with his. I relaxed into it, resisting the urge to grip his neck and pull him into one of my usually aggressive kisses. An aggressive kiss wasn’t what I wanted from him, surprisingly. The gentleness of this kiss, of him, was different. And I loved it …Hell, what was I doing? I couldn’t do this. I couldn’t. With every iota of strength I had left, I cleaved away from the kiss and took advantage of his vulnerable state. In swift movements, I switched positions so that he was up against the wall with me against him. He started to smile and I slapped his face. Hard. The penetrating connection of skin against skin bounced off the walls in an echo. “Don’t you ever do that again!” I hissed.But Lovello didn’t even blink; it was as if he were expecting it. “You kissed me back.”Grabbing his chin in a firm grip, I spoke in a tight voice, “Yes. So I did. And you’re a really good kisser, Pretty Boy. But you do that again and I swear to God I’ll…” My words tumbled away when my nipple puckered under the pad of his thumb. I was wearing a tube top and gym shorts, but also had on an ivory silk robe. Yet, his touch penetrated so intensely through the materials.“You swear to God you’ll do what, Axia?” His voice was like that of a serpent in my ear.“I swear to God that I’ll…” Again, my words drifted away like chaff in the wind when his other hand came up to my breast and squeezed. My hand fell away from his chin and I dropped my face to his chest, my breathing erratic.“Tell me to stop.” He pulled the ties of my robe and his hands trespassed inside, traveling up and down my sides before clasping my hips and pulling me hard against him. “Tell me, Axia. Tell me to stop.”Power and control were out of my reach. I couldn’t even control my own breathing when he touched me, let alone tell him to stop. I buried my face deeper into his chest, for that was all I could do. He smelled like clean linen and … and … rain. It wasn’t fair that his heart was beating at its usual pace while my heartbeats were all over the place.Lovello’s hand slid into the waistband of my shorts. “Aren’t you going to tell me to stop?” His fingers traveled lower down. “You’re going to allow me to touch you there? You’re a naughty, naughty gym teacher, Miss Blacksille.”A whimper from me muffled into his chest when his fingers brushed over my mound. “Dios, I…”The fiend bent his head and pressed his lips to my ear. “You can’t, can you? You don’t want it, but you can’t tell me to stop. Isn’t it so?”A knock sounded on the door, followed by Tish’s voice. “Axia, your food is here. The photographer will resume shooting in forty-five minutes and your hair isn’t done straightening yet.”Lovello slipped his hand from my shorts and I raised my head from his chest and strengthened my voice. “Thanks, Tish. I’ll be there in a minute.”We listened as Tish’s footsteps traveled down the hall, then I lifted my face to my seducer’s. “Listen, Lovello, I can’t do this with you, okay?”“You mean you don’t want to. But guess what, I want to. I want you. So no, it’s not okay. Okay?” He closed my robe and retied it. “Why exactly don’t you want this with me?”“Because … I … you don’t … I just can’t!”His eyes frosted. “Is it because of that Zane idiot who sent you that lame-ass necklace? Are you in love with him?”“How do you know his name?”“Because I was standing over you reading the damn card, Axia.” He pushed away from the wall, slightly angered. “And from what I’ve read, you’ve been with him recently.”I folded my arms. “And what the hell does that have to do with you, exactly? Do you have it in your head that I’m your woman or something? Because if you do, then you need to get rid of those deluded thoughts, asap!”“As a matter of fact, I do…”He took a step towards me and I instinctively backed away. No, I couldn’t bear another touch of his. “Don’t touch me, Lovello.”He gave a cocky grin. “Why?”Oh how I wish I could smack that grin off his face. “Because … it’s repulsive!”In a quick dash, I made it to the door and fumbled with the lock, but before I could get it open, Lovello was there right behind me, bracing his length against mine, his lips trailing kisses along my shoulder. “Is it?”Slumping myself against the door in patent weakness, I breathed, “Love, please stop. I can’t bear it.”“Hell, that sounds so damn good. Call me that from now on instead of ‘Pretty Boy’. Or call me both. I can’t decide which sounds sexier coming from your lips.” He flexed his hips inward, and I felt the rigidity of his erection digging into my back. “Feel that? That’s what you do to me, Axia. Every single thing about you makes me burn. Achingly. Intensely. Unbearably. I burn. For you.” He brought one hand around, slid it under the robe and cupped me. “Hmm, your sex is on fire,” he moaned.Feebly, I turned around in his embrace and made an involuntary thrust of my hips upward, loving the feel of his hardness now against my stomach. “Please, Love, let me go. They need me out there.”“Kiss me first, and then I’ll let you go.”“Can’t you jus —”“Why argue? Do you want me to just take it, then?”Feeling debilitated but at the same time excited for him, I brought my hands around his neck and pulled him into a slow, passionate kiss. Finding unexplainable peace in his arms, I didn’t want to let go. And when he tried to part, I tipped on my toes and kissed him deeper, wanting so much more of him. More than his kiss. More than his touch.Lovello pulled away. “They need you out there, remember?” He brushed his thumb over my swollen lips. “I’ll get your cell number from your assistant and phone you after the shoot, okay?”“Okay” was all I could say as I pulled out of his embrace, turned the doorknob and walked on numbed legs out of the room.


VIIt was minutes after seven when Tish pulled into the Blacksilles’ complex in Bel Air. Instead of staying there with me, she’d opted for spending her next couple of hours in L.A. with some ex-girlfriend of hers. She’d be flying back home in the morning to oversee the gym. I’d left my top trainer, Mike, in charge, but there wasn’t a soul who could handle PSFC better than Tish.Halfway around the round-about fountain, which is of an enormous marble statue of a naked woman posing rather provocatively as water gushed about her, Tish halted the jeep and I lethargically slumped out. “Enjoy yourself tonight, Tish. And call me as soon as you land tomorrow.”“Okay. Think you need to get some rest, though. You look beat.”“Fully intend to. ‘Night.” What did she think I was going to do? Throw a house party?As I trudged up the steps of the gray and white colonial-style mansion, I dug around into my bag for my keys, grumbling in frustration when my fingers kept touching everything except the keys. But then the front door swung open, and in its wide frame stood my dear brother, Romaine, smiling down at a petite, young blonde maid I’d never seen before; she must be new. She bit her lip, gazing up at him with dewy eyes as he tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear speaking to her soft tones.Romaine sensed my presence and glanced up, his smile stretching into a grin. “Mi hermana hermosa! You couldn’t have told me you were coming?”“Why, sicko? The words ‘I’m coming’ are usually reserved for the man sweating on top of me.”The young blonde flicked me a coy glance, and her cheeks reddened as she excused herself. At my unreformable brother, I shook my head in contempt. “Let me guess, Dad’s not home and that pretty blond is new and unaware of your propensity for screwing around with maids?”“Shh, smart ass! She hasn’t given it up yet.”I laughed. “You seriously need to stop this shit, Romaine.”Romaine was like a charming potion. He could charm the thongs off any woman, young or old. For some reason, however, he had a weird predilection for sleeping around with vulnerable and hopeful maids. Don’t ask me why. It was probably his kind of high. His house was just two blocks away from our family home, so he was always on the Blacksilles’ complex whenever he knew our father was out. His own maids never lasted more than three months, and they were always young, pretty and bodacious, as if he hand-picked them.With a puff of curly dark hair perpetually bouncing on his shoulders, eyes that were exactly like mine, and the most perfect and whitest dentures I’d ever seen, Romaine was two years older than me, was six feet two and owned the body of a male model. And I loved him more than I loved a cup of Milky Way Malt.“The ever-berating Axia. I can’t say I missed that part of you,” he chuckled before lifting me in a bear-hug.“Put me down, Romaine!” I squealed. “I’m tired as hell.”“You’re tired?” he asked with wide, gleaming eyes that told me he was brewing something devious. “As in, ‘I’ve-been-working-all-day-and-all-I-wanna-do-is-sleep’ tired? Like, ‘I’m-hungry-and-I-need-a-bath-but-I-need-sleep-more’ tired?”Shaking my head at the punk, I brushed past him into the house. “Yes, Romaine. That kind of tired. What’s your point?”“Then tonight’s my lucky night!” He folded his arms over his chest and stood tall, conveying confidence. “I’m challenging you to an arm-wrestle. One grand.”“Ha! You think because I’m tired you’ll have a chance at beating me?”“Unless you’re lying about being tired, then yes. I’ve been practicing for your ass, and it’s about time I win back all my money from you. Fifteen hundred.”“Hermano, I’m advising you to lay it at rest if you don’t wanna lose any money tonight. Go resume your pursuit of the new blonde and let me be.”He snorted. “You’re just chickening out because you know I’ll beat you. Two grand.”We entered the kitchen and I dropped my bag on the breakfast bar. “You never learn,” I said, cricking my fingers and flexing my right arm to awaken the muscles. Settling on a bar stool with my elbow down on the counter, I was ready. “Bring your ass over here, estúpido.”Romaine smirked and came into position, so sure that tonight would be the night he finally won a challenge. Our elbows kissed as our hands clasped. “Ready?”“Always,” he grinned.“Do your best, mi hermano.”And there we were, all groans and strains, muscles rigid and bulging, hands clasped in the wrestle. Romaine’s proclamation of practicing seemed true, because I never had to put so much energy into a wrestle with him before. Or maybe it’s because I was tired. Nevertheless, he still wasn’t strong enough to bring me down. The dolt failed to realize that I did stuff like this on a daily basis; I could beat him even half-asleep. Ready to teach the sod a lesson, I made a sharp yank of my hand to the left, pulling Romaine’s down. He squeezed his eyes shut, his face red and strained as he struggled to bring my hand back to right. Halfway down, he released a long growl, and then in one strong move, I brought him down.“Mierda!” he swore, slamming his fist on the counter.Laughing my face off, I grabbed my bag from the counter and started out of the kitchen. “I warned you. I’m going to bed. And I expect to find my two grand neatly enclosed in an envelope under my bedroom door in the morning.”“I-I don’t understand. You don’t even lift weights!” he said indignantly.“That’s because I strive to look sexy, not muscular. Who wants a bitch with muscles?”“I will beat you one day, little sis,” he grumbled.“Don’t count on it!” I belatedly yelled as I mounted the stairs to my bedroom.The vibration of my cellphone went off again. It had been vibrating non-stop since the end of my photo shoot. But like before, I didn’t even look at the screen because I knew exactly who it was. The caller had gotten under my skin, and I needed to stay away from him. He was right. I was all high and mighty, until he touched me. All saucy and peppery, until he touched me. In control and in denial, until he touched me. It was hard to explain, hard to understand, as if it were some magic spell. The fact is, I couldn’t resist his touch and he knew it. And he would continue to use it against me. It’s never safe to be with a man who knows your weakness, because you will forever be the submissive, and will always be out of control. You’ll lose your identity, your sense of self, and be forever in his light. A woman’s weakness should never be known by the man. And Lovello knew mine.True, I’d agreed that he could take my digits from Tish and phone me after the shoot. But at that time I was undermined and under the spell of his touch. Away from him, I could think a heck of a lot clearer. Keeping my distance from Lovello Sex-on-Legs Nelson was the smartest thing to do.Once I opened my bedroom door, I was asleep before I even made it to the bed.There’s always been something peaceful about waking up in the Blacksilles’ house. Maybe it’s because I knew that my father was right downstairs, or that my brother was only two blocks away, or maybe it was just that feeling of being home. My father had bought this house after Romaine’s birth. And he’d kept it, even with our back and forth between here and Colombia. The house was modernized with each year’s new invention, and grew larger with time because my father was perpetually adding, expanding and refurbishing, making it clear that selling the house was not an option. We were all attached to it: even for my mother, this was home.Over the past ten or so hours, rest had taken its course and rejuvenation had slowly settled in, now leaving me bright-eyed, clear-headed, and in sync with the rising sun. Skinny rays of sunlight peaked through the window blinds, and the pungent smell of eggs and bacon and coffee seeped under the crevice of my bedroom door.A lazy stretch arched my back off the bed, and I thought about doing absolutely nothing today, except for working out, of course. It had been ages since I’d had me a day of just lying around and doing nothing. But while a lay-in-bed day sounded pleasurable, the rumbling in my stomach reminded me that I hadn’t eaten much of anything yesterday. I needed refueling. So I slid from the bed and went straight into the shower.After showering, I donned stylistically ripped jeans shorts, a white Hollister T-shirt and flip-flops. I grinned in satisfaction at the small white envelope that was sitting at my door when I opened it. Poor Romaine, he wanted so badly to beat me. Maybe one day I’d let him. Not.The sounds of deep male laughter traveled from the kitchen and dipped into my ears as I journeyed downstairs while checking emails on my phone. Frowning, I checked the time to be sure that it was still morning. Yep, five minutes after eight. Yet my father was up? It wasn’t his wont to have guests this early in the morning. Vince Blacksille was never a morning person. Anytime after noon when his grumpiness had melted off, sure, he was approachable for conversation. Never before that.Laughter rang out again, then I stopped abruptly at a familiar-sounding voice. Nah. I immediately discarded the inane thought that it was his voice. Not at all. It couldn’t possibly be him. Resuming my email sifting, I continued down the stairs and headed for the kitchen. Once I turned the corner, my worst fears turned out to be true. It was him. Here. In our house. Sitting next to my father at the breakfast bar, unknowing of my presence, their backs to me.They both turned when I harrumphed.My father stood up and came to hug me. “Axia, sweetheart. I’m so sorry I wasn’t here when you came in last night.”Vince Blacksille was a handsome man who looked around ten years younger than his age. I assume this was because he smiled a lot, and was the most benign person I’ve ever known. Anger was a rare emotion for him, and his easygoing persona made him favorable to some of the most powerful people. I’d lost count of how many businesses he was in partnership with, the majority of which he’d encouraged Romaine and I to invest in. He was about six feet two with a slender frame. His night-black hair was cut short and not a strand of gray hair was evident.He gazed down at me with dark eyes and a smile he reserved only for his loved ones. When I’d arrived in the morning yesterday he was still in bed, and I’d left almost immediately for the photo shoot, and when I came in last night he was absent. So he was now seeing me for the first time since I arrived.“It’s okay, Daddy. I was tired anyway. I went straight to bed.”Vince hugged me tight again. “Oh, I’ve missed you. It’s been over a month since I’ve seen you.”“I’ve missed you, too, Daddy.”Unable to focus on my father’s over-affection of not seeing me for a month, even though I was only a one-hour flight away, my eyes skittered past him and landed on Lovello who was staring at me with an impassive expression. Casually clothed in black jeans, black T-shirt, a chocolate-brown leather jacket, and with his inky hair customarily tousled, the man looked like he’d just walked off the center pages of a magazine. Lost for words, I slid a questioning gaze back at Vince.Vince smiled. “You remember my old friend Marcello Nelson, the one I play golf with and go horseback riding with on occasion, don’t you?”“Yes, Daddy.”“Well, you know he’s always bragging about his boys.” He walked over to Lovello and slapped a palm on his shoulder. “This is his youngest. Lovello Nelson. CEO of Coded Solutions, home of his social networks RisquePeers, Dawdlers and Tellit. Founder also of the booming software company MEU. You might’ve heard of him?”It became clear to me that he hadn’t told my father that he knew me. ‘Founder’ of so many goddamn things and yet he still ‘found’ time to play these silly games.Maybe he wants to be the founder of you, too.My gaze slid to Lovello once more but his face remained expressionless. No breaking through those impenetrable eyes.“No, I haven’t,” I prevaricated. “Um, what’s he doing here, by the way? I don’t know you to be a morning spirit, Daddy.”Vince’s shoulders shook as he laughed. “Oh, you know me too well, sweetheart. Marcello phoned me last night to let me know that Lovello here would be making an early morning visit. It’s business talk.”“Oh. Well, I guess I’ll go and leave you two at it.”I started to leave but Lovello spoke in such a polite tone I’ve never heard him use before, that I had to blink at him twice. The only thing short of his properness was a British accent. “Are you not the proprietor of Proud Sweat Fitness Center?”“Yep, that’s me.”He tilted his head to look at my father and snapped his fingers. “I thought she looked familiar. I would have never guessed she was your daughter, Mr. Blacksille. After all, she does look Hispanic. Beautiful, I must say. Angelically beautiful.”Vince, who was standing next to Lovello with his hand resting so proudly on his shoulder as if he were trying to sell him to me, chuckled and gave me a warm smile. “That she is. She looks every bit like her mother, so much that people often mistake them for sisters. But she holds more of my traits. At least, she did.”Lovello focused his gaze on me again, his slate-grays still impassive. “So, Axia … Axia is it?”Reluctantly, I nodded. The pretentious ass.“Would it be presumptuous of me if I ask that you share with me a bit about yourself?”Resisting the urge to make that impolite gesture of rolling my eyes or flipping the bird, I responded, “I thought you were here to talk business? Not to cast your debauched interest in a potential business partner’s daughter.”Vince shot me a chastising stare.There was a slight twitch of Lovello’s upper lip but he remained expressionless. “I was raised in a decorous fashion, Miss Blacksille. I was trained to be genteel and courteous. And when doing business with someone, it is essential that I put an effort into knowing the family of that business partner as well as I know that partner as a person.”“Well, Mr. Nelson, there’s not much to know about this gal. My name is Axia Blacksille and I’m a lesbian gym owner who despises men. That just about sums me up.”“Axia!” Vince scolded.“Sorry, Daddy.” I sneered at Lovello. “I just don’t like this man’s spirit. Something’s off. Don’t do any business with him.”Vince cast his eyes upward. “You say that about every guy. When are you gonna stop pining on this basketball player and move on with your life? I need some grandkids, you know.”“For the grandkids, I’ve told you, expect those shitty screamers from Romaine. Not from me. I’m never having kids. And are you suggesting that I move on with this arrogant prick?”Vince shrugged. “I don’t see why not. He’s a brilliant young man.”“Daddy,” I said impatiently. “Do you have so much as an inkling of this man’s reputation with women?”“I thought you said you’ve never heard of him?”“Yeah, I thought you said you haven’t,” Lovello chimed in. “And what about my reputation? Last I heard, I was at the top of the list for San Francisco’s most eligible bachelors.”Ignoring the gray-eyed bastard, I fixed my eyes on my father. “It’s hard to live anywhere in this region of the world and not know about this womanizer, Daddy.”“Axia, you should know better,” Vince chided. “Living in the public eye, people are going to garble all kinds of absurd stories. I know Marcello is a man who keeps his boys in line, and behavior like what you’re describing is not acceptable in his family.”Clearly, Lovello had already gotten his paws into my father. The Nelson brothers were anything but proper. They were just so darn good at brainwashing the people who mattered with their genteel conduct and urbaneness, that people, like my father, failed to see through their acts. Knowing there was no winning with my father once he was set on someone, I gave up the fight.“Yes, Daddy. You’re right. I should know better. I’m sorry for attacking your guest.” My eyes were chilled when they landed on Lovello. “My sincere apologies, Mr. Nelson. I’ll leave you two to continue your meeting.”As I swept out of the kitchen, I could hear Lovello rambling something quietly to Vince, but I couldn’t make it out.“Sweetheart!” my father called after me.On a sigh, I turned and re-entered the kitchen. “Yes, Daddy?”“Let’s have breakfast together. That’s what you came down for, wasn’t it?”I nodded.“Well then, come along and have breakfast with your old man. I haven’t seen you in a month.”When my shoulders resignedly slumped, Lovello’s face brightened with a winning smile.“On the patio,” Vince told the kitchen maids.And out onto the limestone patio we went.Damn you, Pretty Boy Nelson!


VIIThe patio table was round and large, so I waited until Vince and Lovello were seated before I took the seat that was furthest away. Seeing this, Lovello made a show of squinting at the sun and muttered, “Sun’s much too penetrating from this end.” Then he got up from where he sat and came right beside me, his knee brushing against mine. Vince smiled, knowing darn well that the sun was neither hot nor penetrating.Lovello turned to me with unfathomable eyes. “So, you’re dating a basketball player?”I shot him an irritating glare but he remained as serious as a judge, and there was an almost imperceptible ticking in his jaw. “No. I’m not dating anyone. Nor do I want to date anyone.”Vince grunted. “God, I don’t know what’s wrong with you, Axia. Sometimes I just want to grip you and shake you and wake you up. You’re too young and beautiful to remain single. When your mother and I were your age, we were insanely in love, having fun and enjoying life the best we could. You only live once, sweetheart. Youth and beauty are passing. You’re here now, and just like that, the winds of Time will pass over you, and that’s it. Time is unfriendly. Time is unkind. Time, if we don’t make the most of it, is our worst enemy. Worst of all, Time is irretrievable. You don’t enjoy your life now, you’ll only regret it later when you realize you’re thirty years older and you’ve never lived. Or you’re alone, pining on someone that you know you can never be with, no matter how much you want to, or have tried to.” He lowered his eyes to the table and I knew he was thinking about my mother. “And you’ve never tried giving your love to someone else. Someone you can be with. Don’t waste your life, Axia. It’s too precious a gift.”“Daddy, my life is fine. I’m happy and problem-free. I don’t know what gave you the impression that I’m not.”“Ever heard the term The Miserable Rich Man, Axia? There are a lot of them out there in the world. There’s only so much comfort that money can bring you. It’s better to have someone than to have all the material gains of the world and no one. We don’t think we need people until we need them. So yes, your life is problem-free financial-wise. But no, you are not fine. I’ve lost my loving little girl five years ago when that basketball player ended things with you. You stopped living and you became cold and distant. I don’t know what’s going on with you, but I want my daughter back.”“That’s not true. My break-up with Zane hasn’t affected me in any way. I’m still your daughter.”The young blonde maid I’d seen Romaine flirting with last night came out with a tray. She set down coffee for each of us and when I arched a brow at her, she flushed. “Is something wrong, Miss Blacksille?”Instead of answering, I leaned back in my chair and directed my gaze out to the blooming summer garden. Vince, belatedly noticing that I was served coffee, sighed and spoke kindly to the blonde. “Axia doesn’t drink coffee, Lynn. Green tea only, okay?”When the blonde nodded and left, Vince shook his head at me. “Sweetheart, isn’t it obvious that she’s new? You don’t have to be so rude all the time. Treat people kindly. All people. You never know when you’re going to need their help. And especially be kind to those handling your food.”The heat of Lovello’s gaze penetrated my face, but I did my best to avoid him. “Are you going to berate me all day, Daddy?”Before he could start another lecture, a curvaceous woman dressed in a black pencil skirt, red silk blouse and red heels walked out onto the patio. She had a flawless caramel complexion and her honey-brown hair was cut low. Looking at her, I could understand why my mother felt threatened. The woman was stunning, well put together, and had an amazing smile that was brightened by her ruby-red lips.Vince’s face lit up when he saw her and, yes, there was love in his eyes. She bent at the waist and pecked him on his cheek then used her thumb to wipe away the lipstick stain. “Good morning, honey.”Pulling her twinkling eyes away from my father’s, she looked over to Lovello and me, then conveyed politeness with a smile and a “Good morning.”Vince wrapped his fingers around her perfectly manicured ones which were also painted red, and used his free hand to wave in our direction. “This is Lovello Nelson, and this is my daughter, Axia. Lovello, Axia, this is Eve Tomb.”She held out her hand to Lovello who shook it and smiled amiably. Then she held out her hand to me, saying, “Nice to meet you, Axia. I’ve heard so much about you.” To which I shook it and replied, “Nice to meet you, too. My mother, Seleste D’costa-Blacksille, she hates you. Very much.”Eve made a nervous laugh and glanced at Vince with questioning eyes. “Ignore her,” he told Eve as he stood up from his chair. “We were just about to have breakfast and I would’ve loved for us all to do so, but my daughter is rather crass and erratic and I don’t want you holding me accountable for whatever comes out of her mouth. So let’s have breakfast inside.”“What?” I asked, frowning.“What, what, Axia?” Vince snapped.“A few minutes ago I was going about my business and you forced me to have breakfast with you and this prick next to me, and now you’re gonna just ditch me for your new sweetheart?”“Axia, today is a pretty big day for Eve, and I don’t want you to ruin her mood.”Eying his hand that was now wrapped around her waist and the other that was laced with her fingers, I asked, “So it’s true, then? You’re in love with her?”Vince trembled with irritation. He glanced at Eve then back at me. “And what if I am?”“You know what, Daddy.”“Axia…” he trailed off, then unlaced his fingers from Eve’s and raked them through his hair. “I … we’ll talk later. Get to know this young man beside you. He might know what to do with you. ‘Cause God knows I don’t.”I narrowed my eyes at their retreating forms, watching the way my father touched and smiled at Eve. Vince was only like that with my mother. If he wasn’t already in love with Eve, he was falling for her and that would break my mother in two.Becoming aware that Lovello was still beside me, I pushed back my chair and started to get up but he clamped his hand down on my knee. “Don’t. Move.”Having more energy and control than yesterday, I raised a foot and stomped it hard on his toes in his expensive shoes, and he yelped.“I told you not to touch me!” I hissed at him.Lovello Nelson looked grave. “Are you going to continue being a bitch for the rest of your life?”“Did you just call me a bitch?”“Yes. You’re a cold-hearted bitch and you need to be bridled.”Again, I raised my foot and stomped on his toes. “How’s that for a bitch, huh?” Before he could shift his foot, I stomped on it again. “A bitch is a female dog and bridles are for donkeys, estúpido!”I aimed for his foot again but he grabbed my shoulders and shook me. “Axia, stop it! You’re acting silly. What the hell is wrong with you?”“You’re what’s wrong with me! Why do you keep following me? Why don’t you leave me alone?”Lovello screeched my chair around to face him, and without releasing me, he stood halfway up and used his foot to spin his chair around so we were both facing each other, our knees kissing. He then locked his ankles around each of mine, pinning them to the chair legs. That way I couldn’t get up.I scoffed. “What are you going to do, hold me hostage in my own home?”“I think your father will allow it. He likes me. Besides, he seems frustrated with you and your behavior.”“Don’t take Vince Blacksille lightly. He likes to play nice, but when he plays dirty, he plays dirty.”“Why didn’t you answer my calls yesterday?” he asked in an accusatory tone.“Um, let’s see … because I’m my own woman and I do whatever the hell I want! I don’t owe you anything.”“Yes you do. You owe me you.”I tried to move but I was pinned, feet and arms. “Seriously, Pretty Boy, you need to give it up.”“Kick and scream and fight as much as you want, Axia, I’m not gonna leave you alone. So you need to give it up. You’re a wild animal that needs to be subdued.”“First I’m a bitch and now I’m a wild animal? Have any more disrespectful names for me, Pretty Boy Nelson?” I struggled again but he held my shoulders firm. “I swear, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see your face scrunched in pain and your skin red with welts.”Lovello furrowed his brows then promptly let go of my shoulders, but still kept my feet pinned. “What do you mean by that?”Mierda … “Nothing.”Thankfully he didn’t probe further on my gaffe. “You didn’t answer me yesterday, you know,” he said.“What?”“Yesterday when I asked if you loved that Zane person. You didn’t give me an answer. Now I’ve learned that he’s an ex who broke up with you. Why are you still seeing him? Are you in love with him?”“You don’t have a right to ask me that question.”“I know, but I’m asking you anyway.”“That’s for me and Zane to know,” I shot. “And for you to take your nose out of.”He made an exasperated grunt. “I don’t believe you’re in love with him, but I just want you to tell me that you’re not.”“Why are you making Zane and me your problem?”“Are you dense, or do you just insist on being difficult?” he snapped.“What?”Lovello leaned forward and cupped my face in both hands, locking his heated gray gaze on mine. “Axia, I want you. More than I’ve ever wanted any other woman. I’m used to getting anything and anyone I want. I’m used to my own way. I’ve never done shit like this before. Never chased anyone. Ever. And here I am chasing you like a dog after a bone, sponging your insults and your abuses. It’s not manly and it’s not me. Yet for some baffling reason, I’m drawn to you. You have something that a part of me wants, but I don’t know what that is just yet. The soul is quicker than the flesh. It takes a while for the flesh to know what the soul knows. And that is why I desire you. Ever since I saw you in my building that morning, I haven’t been able to get you out of my mind, Axia. Don’t think that this is a feeling that I embrace, I freakin’ hate it. And if it leaves tomorrow morning, I’ll be ecstatic, because God, dear God, you are one frustrating woman.”Whoa. I was baffled. But my heart softened at his words, and I willed my eyes to tell him that I desired him, too. Just that I couldn’t be with him. Judging by the intense feelings I felt for him now, I’d probably fall for him and he’d hurt me, no doubt. I couldn’t lay my heart out like that again. “And what makes you believe I’m not in love with Zane?”“Because you wouldn’t look at me the way you do, just like you’re looking at me right now. And you wouldn’t react the way you do whenever I touch you. If my touches weren’t for you, they wouldn’t make you melt. If my kisses weren’t for you, they wouldn’t make you submit. You desire me. Burningly. I see it and I know it. Therefore, you could never be in love with someone else.”He brushed his lips most gently against mine and, sighing, I closed my eyes and parted my lips, waiting for his tongue to slip inside. But he didn’t enter. Drunk on desire, I opened my eyes to find him staring at me. “Stop fighting, Axia, and give me you.”“You don’t know what you’re asking,” I whispered.“How so?”Because I don’t know what a normal relationship is like. Because I don’t know how to be a normal girl. Because I’m scared. Because I don’t want to. Because you might break me down. Because there is a lot of ‘because’. “Because … I don’t remember how…”“Let me show you.”“But I don’t want to…”“Why?” he asked through clenched teeth.Two maids came out with our breakfast just then, but neither of us paid them any attention. With nimble hands they arranged the food on the table and were gone as soon as they came.“Love … I just don’t want to, okay? Would you stop pressuring me, please? I can’t … I can’t take it anymore.”Lovello sighed and sat back in his chair, resigned. “Okay, fine. Well, let’s talk as friends then. Tell me, what is it that makes you so reluctant?”Surrounding my ensuing silence was the soft cooing of the wind and the ruffling of tree leaves. A nimiety of tiny yellow butterflies fluttered about in the garden, and on the wind traveled the distant chirping of the birds. I’d forgotten how much I used to love sitting out on this patio with my mother. And when Zane came over, we’d take blankets and wander down to the far corner of the backyard behind the gazebo, laying in the grass talking about and doing things that a normal young couple shouldn’t. This home held a lot of memories and I’d never felt more peace anywhere than I felt here.In contemplation of answering Lovello’s question, I closed my eyes. “I don’t know. I just don’t want anyone. I like my own way, you like your own way, it just wouldn’t work.”Lovello revealed a slow, sexy smile. “That’s easy to solve. In the end, I’d be the one getting my way. And you’d be the one submitting.”“Ha! Never going to happen!”“I wasn’t asking you to marry me, you know. Believe me, that’s not my scene. I just thought we could have some dirty fun,” he said laughing.“Lovello, I’m not dating you. I’m not sleeping with you. I’m not doing anything with you. Got it?”He held his hands up in surrender. “And I said fine. As much as I want you, this chase is tiring. So I won’t ask you anymore. But I hope we can at least be friends.”I was wary of his easy resignation. A minute ago he was all about the ‘soul’ and the ‘flesh’, and now, with only two denials, he was stepping down from the podium, hands in surrender? Either I didn’t trust him, or I was disappointed that he’d resigned. “Oh, not the old ‘let’s be friends’ trick, where later down the line you try to seduce me?” There was hope in that question.Lovello chortled. “No. I’m serious. I won’t pester you anymore. But being friends means I get to be around you and converse with you, sans you shouting or fighting at me … unless you want to shout and fight with me in a different kinda way…”“I don’t trust you.”“What don’t you trust?” He freed my ankles from the chair legs, and I suddenly felt bereft. “See? Hands free. Trust me now?”It was rather conflicting and frustrating that I didn’t want him, yet I liked having him so close to me, touching me, seducing me. Suffering the urgent need to feel contact with his body again, I awkwardly let my hand rest on his jeans-covered knee, moving my thumb back and forth. “Yes.”Albeit showing a slight frown, he didn’t comment on my first ever volunteered touch. “Great. My brother’s here also and we’re going to a bike show later. I want you to come with me.”“Bike shows are not my scene.”“So what do you plan on doing today? It’s Saturday.”“I plan on doing nothing but laying around and watching crap T.V.”Lovello shook his head. “No. Just come with me. You’ll get to see me on a bike,” he smugged. “I won’t take no for an answer.”Stifling a smile, I scoffed instead. “I’m tired of telling you to get over yourself, Pretty Boy. I’m saying no. How will you not take it for an answer?”Lifting his lips in a crooked smile, he reached out his hand and smoothly trailed the tips of his fingers from the sensitive spot behind my ear, all the way down my neck, and lingered at my collarbone. At the awakening touch, my nipples puckered beneath my T-shirt and my eyes lowered halfway shut. “I can seduce a yes out of you. But I know you don’t want that. So it’s best to just do this the easy way.”When I didn’t answer, he leaned forward and placed his hand on my bare thigh. My shorts were extremely short, not to mention ripped and ragged, and my legs were just there, naked. In slow movements, he drifted his hand further and further up my thigh. “Do you want me to force a yes out of you, Axia?”The feel of his warm hand on my bare skin was sensitizing, and as his hand traveled further up, I leaned back in the chair and gripped the handles, because heat had settled right there between my legs. And for reasons I can’t explain, I didn’t want him to stop touching me. So much that I almost muttered the words ‘don’t stop’. I peered at him through hooded eyes, and the sonuvabitch was so damn sexy I had to tighten my grip on the chair handles to prevent myself from attacking him right there on the patio. When his hand was almost at the height of my thighs, unable to help it, I shifted and opened my legs wider.At this, Lovello stopped and his hand left me. My eyes flew fully open to meet him staring straight at me. No expression. “Say yes.”“Yes to what?” The breathiness of my voice made me realize that I’d been holding my breath, waiting for him to touch me where I desired him the most. And the bastard had stopped.Lovello raised a brow. “You forgot what we were talking about already?”“Huh?”He chortled lightly. “To the bike show, Axia.”“Oh. Okay. Yes.” My voice was barely audible.Satisfied, Pretty Boy Nelson gave me a dazzling smile. “Good. I’ll pick you up at noon. Gotta go now. I have a meeting in thirty minutes.”He stood up, but then placed his hands over my hands that were still gripping the chair handles and leaned down to my face, his breath hot and minty, his scent being of clean linen and male. All male. “Now, Axia, I want you to remember that you’ve turned me down. And I’ve settled for friendship. No biggie,” he shrugged. “So after this very second, we’ll be just friends. Okay? Only friends.”“What do you —”“See you at noon, Axia,” he sliced, straightening abruptly.From his jacket pocket he retrieved his shades, then put them on at such a slow and leisurely pace that I felt as if I were watching a hot ass commercial for Ray-Ban aviators.“Lovello, I —”“Noon, friend. Ta-ta.” And with that, he was gone. Leaving me there on the chair aroused, bereft and confused.


VIIINoon came a little too soon. After a very cold shower, I’d casually dressed into tight black jeans and a purple V-cut top that revealed quite a bit of cleavage. At the sound of the doorbell I leaped off the bed a little too excitedly, then immediately frowned at my reaction. Not wanting to admit to myself that I was awaiting Lovello’s arrival with an eager breath at the prospect of seeing him again, or rather, feeling him again, I convinced myself that the doorbell had merely surprised me because I’d unknowingly dosed off.Tossing my messenger bag across my shoulder, I wrenched open my room door and started for the stairs. Soft mumblings traveled from the foyer, so I stopped and peered over the corridor banisters. Lovello was standing in the foyer looking every bit as tempting as he did a few hours ago, and the pretty blonde maid, Lynn, was standing in front of him, her hands twisting behind her back as she swayed from side to side like a shy five–year-old waiting patiently for her reward of a promised chocolate chip cookie.They were talking in low voices so I couldn’t hear what was being said, but the look on Lovello’s face was the flirtatious one he used on the women at the gym, and Lynn was all shy smiles and lip biting. My features arranged themselves in a scowl, and at that moment, Lovello, as if sensing me, flicked his eyes up to the corridor and saw me peering down at them. His lips lifted in a smile but I didn’t return one. I continued down the stairs instead.By the time I got to the foot of the stairs, Romaine strolled through the front door. Lynn’s face blushed as red as beetroot, which made Romaine frown and glance between her and Lovello in suspicion.That made me smirk at her. “Which one do you want? The millionaire or the billionaire?”Lynn’s face paled in mortification. She peeked up at Romaine longingly through her lashes then ducked her head and scurried away.Romaine glowered at me. “Why did you do that?”A glower was returned as I gestured to Lovello. “Because, as you can see, you’ve got competition here, Baby Face.”Romaine eyed Lovello up and down in cool assessment, then snorted. “No I don’t.”I wanted to roll my eyes. I’d forgotten just how confident my hotshot brother was. He wasn’t intimidated by anyone and was acutely aware of his good looks and striking features. And whenever he went after a girl, he always won.By this time, I’d earned another glower, but this one was from Lovello.Romaine cast Lovello a cold side glance then shot his eyes back to me and said, “Keep your shaggy, tongue-hanging dog on his leash, will ya?”“What? He’s not my —”“I don’t wanna hear it, hermana,” he snapped as he stormed off in Lynn’s direction. The fact that he was so touchy about Lynn told me she was more to him than just another maid conquest. Well that’s a first. But the sneaky wench was flirting with my Pretty Boy, so …Lovello continued glowering at me and I returned a narrowed glare. “You’ve been here for less than five minutes and already there’s anarchy.”“If anyone’s stirred up anything, Axia, it was you. You seriously need to stop.” He strode to the door and held it open.In a huff I stomped through it. “Me? I should stop? You’re the one who came into my house flirting with the staff!”The door closed behind me and he stalked up to my side, holding my pace with his long, manly strides. “I wasn’t flirting. She told me I had really nice lips and I merely acknowledged her compliment.”“Sounded like a heck of a lot more than that to me.”“What did you hear?”Nothing. That’s the whole point. I couldn’t hear anything and it irks me!When I marched down the steps in silence, he chuckled. “If you’d heard the things spoken, then you’d know that all I told her was that I thought her outfit was cute.”I held back a laugh. “Lovello, she’s in a plain black and white maid outfit.”He shrugged. “Well, that’s all I liked. It’s short and cute. But I wasn’t attracted. Therefore, I wasn’t flirting.” He chuckled again. “Though I almost started flirting with your brother.”My laugh manifested itself this time, and I couldn’t suppress it. “Is this the part where you tell me you swing both ways?”He was clearly enjoying himself. Damn, he’s like July sunshine when he laughs. “What? I just thought he was … what do you girls say?”“Hot?”Pretty Boy’s grin widened. “Yeah, hot.”He continued smiling as he held open the door to a sleek, silver sports car. One of those dream cars that guys have for their wallpaper on their computer or mobile phone screen. It was damned sexy, and I think I liked the sharp contours of it more than his Bugatti Veyron. Once I folded into the low silver baby, Lovello closed the door and rounded to the driver’s side.On the center of the steering wheel there was a crest with the word Zenvo printed into the black leather. “Zenvo…” I mused.Lovello drew his attention away from buckling his seat belt and flashed me a kiddish smile. “Yep. Zenvo ST1.”“Hmm … You seem to have a thing for sports cars. Typical twenty-eight-year-old rich kid’s taste.”“And you seem to have a thing for big, manly jeeps. Typical twenty-five-year-old control-craver.” His tone sounded a bit acerbic as if he were affronted.I drew my attention from the touch-screen monitor I was messing around with and cut my eyes over to him. “Love, I didn’t mean anything by it. I was just musing.”He revved the car and started creeping off the complex. “Sure you were.”Ignoring his snit, I sat back in my seat and waited for his panties to untwist themselves.“Are we going to be toeing like this all day?” he asked in a voice heavy with sulk as soon as we were on the main road.“You tell me,” I murmured, picking at my nails. “You’re the one who seems to have a thong chafing your ass.”Lovello compressed his lips, and instead of answering he leaned forward, tapping a few icons on the monitor until Maroon 5’s Stutter began pouring through the car speakers. At the choice of song I arched an eyebrow at him, but he simply bit his lower lip and mashed the gas. The car literally felt as if it lifted off the ground as it flew down the main. Minutes later Lovello swerved the car to an outside arena with streams of tents and bikers, and hundreds of people wandering about. He pulled up where a cohort of guys were slumped idly over their bikes, chatting and swigging beers. One of the guys I recognized as his brother, Natalio. Switching off the ignition, Lovello stretched over to the glove compartment, took out two black ball caps and thrust one to me. “Put this on. Sun’s gonna be scorching.” His tone was flat, making it difficult to tell if he was still sulking or not.Whilst eying him closely for any clue of his mood, I fixed the cap on my head, pulling my ponytail through the gap. Lovello ran his long fingers through his untamed hair repeatedly, trying to rake the wild strands into submission before hauling on the cap, all the while staring straight out of the windshield, while I stared at him. Without looking at me, he snapped, “What, Axia?”“Are your thongs still chafing, Pretty Boy?” I struggled not to laugh. “We could always switch undies if you like. Or…” I dragged out. “I could just give you mine and go panty-less. Might it make you feel better knowing I’m not wearing any undies? Or will it fog up that sex-crazed little brain of yours and send you into a tizzy?”On a heavy breath, he turned his heated eyes to me. “Axia…”“Friends, remember?”“But you just —”“Friends,” I repeated, biting back a smile.At that, he smirked. “Oh. Yes. Friends.” He opened the car door and hopped out. “C’mon, friend. Let’s go.”We started towards the group of men, and Lovello stuffed his hands inside the front pockets of his jeans. It occurred to me then that he hadn’t touched me, not even for a second, since he came to pick me up. The realization made me eye him suspiciously.Once we caught up with the group, a burly, tattooed hunk groaned and grumbled, “Both Nelsons today? Shit.” Again he groaned, more exaggerated this time, and took a long swig of his beer. “Guess I’mma have to settle for third place, huh?”Natalio chuckled, likewise Lovello.“Guys, meet my friend, Axia. She’ll be sporting with us today.”A few of the guys leered at me, looking a bit dazed. Others gawked at Lovello in disbelief while Natalio raised a brow at Lovello, no doubt surprised to see his whore of a brother out with the same woman twice.A slender, buzz-cut guy looked at me with sympathetic eyes and said, “Don’t worry, sweet thing. You’ll get through it. That’s just how life is, shit happens sometimes.”Bewilderment marred my face. “Huh?”“I don’t know what it is, because we’ve just met. But I’m sure you must be going through something painful or life-threatening for this walking, talking dick to stroll in here with his hands in his pockets and call a creature as breathtaking as you his friend. Is it cancer? Doctor said you only got a couple of months to live? Someone just died for you? You murdered someone? Going through depression? PTSD? HIV-positive? What is it?”Never before had I felt such a deep urge to laugh, I simply couldn’t help it. Laughter howled from me and I slapped my palms on my thighs and doubled over, releasing hard, cathartic laughter. Why was it so funny to me? I had no idea. All I knew was that I was laughing so hard that everyone else started laughing. It was one of those moments when your ridiculous laughter was funnier than the joke itself. When I glanced up at Lovello through watery eyes, he was grinning down at me with wonder.Seeing that I was unable to respond to the man, Lovello did that for me. “No, jackass. None of the above. She doesn’t want me. It’s that simple.”The man widened his eyes and gazed at me in awe. “Ya’ gotta be kidding me. You’re truly not attracted to Mr. No-Girl-Can-Resist-This-Smile? Damn.” He straightened up from his bike and rubbed his hands together while licking his lips. Then he licked the tip of his forefingers and smoothed them over his brows. “Wow. Then that means I can —” he stopped short when Lovello shot him a death-glare and he held up his hands in defeat.Lovello peered down at me, seeing that a smile now resided on my face. He removed a hand from his pockets, but only to point at the men one by one. “Axia, this Ben, Tiger, Max, Leon, Tyler, Nick, Ferron, and you know my brother, Natalio.”Tiger was the burly, tattooed one who’d groaned about settling for third place, and Ferron was the one who’d given me the laugh of the day. I shook all their hands, and, as expected, each man’s eyes widened at the firmness of my handshakes. I tried to ignore the annoying fact that Lovello no longer held me around the waist while he introduced me, nor did he hold my hand when he walked with me.“Need a beer, Axia?” Natalio ask as he went towards a wide steel drum of ice and beverages.“No. I don’t drink. A cranberry juice if you have it. White.”Natalio glanced over his shoulder and raised an eyebrow at me. Damn, I can imagine women swooning for him just by that eyebrow thing alone. How was it even possible to arch your brow like that? “Pregnant?” he asked, then darted his eyes to Lovello in question.“No. I just don’t drink anything with alcohol.”Natalio shrugged and dipped his hand into the drum bringing up a bottle of cranberry juice and handing it to me. Lovello frowned. “You serious?”“What?” I asked, twisting the cork of the bottle.“You don’t drink alcohol at all?”“No. Alcohol weakens the flesh and distorts the mind. And once you’re inebriated, you lose all sense of control. I don’t want anything messing with my train of thought. I like to be in control of my body, my thoughts and my actions.”And Pretty Boy Nelson was everything analogous to the effects of alcohol.When I was around him I seemed to have no control over my body, thoughts or actions. He weakened and distorted me just the same. So I might as well ban myself from him, too.Lovello shook his head at me as he took a beer from Natalio. “Jeez, Axia. Live a little.”Before I could answer, Tiger whistled and bellowed, “Ass and boobs delivered! Let the day begin! Yeahhh!”I followed his gaze to see two BMW convertibles, tops down, bouncing with music, and had scantily dressed girls overflowing from them. Each car had about eight girls gyrating on top of the seats and doors. Don’t ask me how they got that done.The convertibles braked up beside Lovello’s car and the girls poured out screaming and dancing, drawing the attention of everyone around the area. The arena music got noticeably louder as the girls giggled and rushed over to where we were. It was then that I realized that these girls were for this group. I carefully stepped aside to give the girls way as they hurled themselves onto the guys and their bikes.A dainty brunette danced up to Lovello and ran her hand across his chest, slowly scraping her teeth over her pouty lip. “Nice to see you again, Nelson. Later? Terr wants to join this time. She didn’t believe me when I told her your size.”When Lovello scrunched his face and scratched his forehead as if trying to remember something, she smacked his chest. “It’s Kadie!” Her eyes rolled. “Your memory that bad?”Lovello shrugged and looked at me over Pouty Brunette’s shoulder. He stepped around her and came to stand beside me, which made Pouty Brunette scowl and huff off.“I don’t mind, you know,” I lied. “You don’t have to —”“Shut up, Axia,” he clipped. And that I did. Because whatever else I was going to say would be a heap of prevarication.A petite blonde arched herself rather provocatively on the back of Natalio’s bike, and trailed her fingers along his arm, biting her lip and peeking up at him coquettishly through her lashes. Natalio coolly peered down at her, took a swig of his beer, then picked up her hand off his arm and nudged with his elbow for her to get off his bike. “This body,” he drawled, dragging his hand sexily down his chest, “is off-limits.” He held up his other hand, tapping a finger with a ring against the beer bottle. I was pretty sure men didn’t wear engagement rings, so I had no idea what kind of ring that was.Blondie quirked up her lips. “You’re still engaged?”Natalio relaxed on his bike and swigged his beer. “Still?” He chuckled. “Yeah. Still. And I can’t wait to get married.”Blondie rolled her eyes and stomped over to where Ferron already had two girls on his lap.It was all quite amusing as I watched, highly entertained. I peeked up at Lovello to find him staring down at me with intense eyes, the streaks of blue within the gray bright and conspicuous in the daylight. Meeting his stare fully, I asked, “So this is what you guys do for fun on a boring Saturday, huh?”Bringing his beer bottle to his lips, he opted out of answering me. We entered a staring contest for about a minute before he said, “Come. Let’s view the motorcycles on display over there.” He still didn’t touch me or hold my hand, and once again I tried to ignore how irritated that made me. We walked over to a large white tent where a number of glistening bikes were parked on display, people milling about, jabbering and snapping pictures. Really, I couldn’t care less about motorcycles, but this was apparently another one of Lovello’s fascinations. And I didn’t mind being with him, around him, beside him, so it didn’t matter to me if we were viewing motorcycles or pigs muddling in a sty. As long as it was with him. It just irked me that he wouldn’t touch me anymore and that’s what I wanted the most. His touch.We came to a stop next to a billet aluminum thing that looked more like a giant engine than a bike. It had two wheels at the front that were just a few inches apart, and the same at the back. Lovello swung his leg over the cool chunk of metal and grinned. “This is my latest toy. Natalio got it for my birthday.”And the excited little boy that he was had to put it on display to show off. “Can you ride this … thing?”He laughed. “Yeah. But it isn’t street legal.”So it’s literally a toy then. Nodding and observing, I ran my fingers along the cool aluminum. “What kind of bike is it?”“A Dodge Tomahawk. It’s the fastest motorcycle clocking out there. This baby can reach 60 miles per hour in 2.5 seconds. Max engine speed at 6000 rpm. 93 octane —” When he saw me hold up my hand with an I-have-no-idea-what-any-of-that-means expression, he stopped and laughed. “Sorry, I got carried away.”“Hmm … so I see you’re not all about sports cars. Bikes, too. Or is it just anything fast and risky?”He gave me a lopsided grin. “Just risky.”We continued weaving through the bikes and I listened as Lovello talked animatedly about the garble of metals. Still hoping he would touch me, hold my hand like he’d done that last Friday, or wrap his arm around my waist, I found myself inching closer to him. But all my efforts were futile, because Lovello purposely avoided touching me, and I was beginning to crave him more and more. I never would’ve imagined how warm something as simple as holding hands could make a woman feel.Being the woman who scoffed at girls who made a big deal of things like that, I was profoundly surprised at myself. Just like that, this beautiful man had made me forget myself. Made me forget the cynical, in-control woman who I thought I was. That hard person melted and disappeared whenever I was in his presence, and I became everything akin to those giddy girls in the romantic movies who giggle and grin a lot because that guy is near. It wasn’t something I wanted, I didn’t think so. But it felt easier to give in than to fight.Things were never like this with Zane. Zane preferred me to be in control of everything. Normal couple gestures like hand-holding weren’t really important, because he craved pain, not tenderness. And I didn’t know what the hell I craved or wanted, or who the heck I even was. All I knew was that I was a girl drowning in love and would’ve done anything for her man.Lovello drank the last of his beer and stretched his arm to toss the empty bottle in a nearby trash can, and I, unable to help myself, took advantage of his stance and slipped under his arm, stuffing my left hand into his back pocket. He stilled and stared down at me, his face impassive. I waited with mild anxiety to see what he would do. His arm had automatically gone around my shoulders when I’d tucked myself to his side, so I begged him with my eyes to let us stay that way.“Unless I’m gay, friends don’t twine around each other like this in public,” he responded to my unspoken plea.When he felt me starting to pull away, he tightened his arm on my shoulder and prompted me to continue walking. But that’s all he did. There were no arm squeezes, no thumb caressing my skin, no … nothing. Just his arm casually tossed around my shoulders and it was driving me nuts. How could I have gotten so addicted to his touch so quickly? Why did I like being with him this much? Close to him? This wasn’t like me, and I couldn’t understand what was happening, but I no longer had the energy to fight anymore. Especially when my body screamed for him so desperately.As the day wore on, Lovello and I wandered about the field under the glaring sun, watching various motorcycle stunts, being introduced to people, chatting and laughing inanely and basically having fun — something that I haven’t done in a long while. At one point Lovello whispered in my ear, “See? I told you I’d make you smile. You’re too damn gorgeous when you laugh. You should do it more often.” And I’d blushed, yes blushed, for possibly the first time in my life.Natalio came to seek us out some hours later, informing Lovello that it was time to race.“What do you mean?” I asked. “You are gonna race?”Lovello bobbed his head. “Yep. I promised you’d get to see me on a bike, didn’t I?”“But you might —”“This is our favorite part of the day, Axia,” Natalio cut in. “Don’t worry, Love’s an excellent rider — pun wasn’t intended,” he laughed with a wink. “If anything happens to him, I’ll let you stick needles in my chest. I promise.”And those innocent little needles will be bent out of shape on that hard, impenetrable chest, for sure.Lovello smirked as we tracked to the race road where the group were revving up their bikes. “You’re worried about me?”Of freaking course! “Nope.” My tough face slipped on. “Not at all.”“Good. Because second place prize is at a hundred thousand.”“So you’re shooting for second place?” I asked. “Forgive me, but I thought you were a numero uno kinda guy.”We stopped at the sidelines and he swung his leg over a fire-flame-designed black Yamaha motorbike that seemed to have been waiting for him there. “It’s pointless trying to shoot for first place. Everyone knows Natalio’s gonna win. I don’t even know why these numbskulls continue to wager. The race always turns out the same: Natalio first, me second, Tiger third, Ferron fourth and whoever else struggles for fifth and sixth.” He zipped up his leather jacket and tugged on a pair of black and red leather gloves.“Oh, so that’s what Tiger was groaning about.”“Uh huh.” Lovello jerked on his helmet and I stood staring, mesmerized, at the man before me. His long-lashed eyes squinted as he eyed the other bikers who were warming up a far off. He kicked up his side-stand and commenced revving the handles, causing faint blue smoke to puff through the muffle. The man was so damn hot. So damn sexy. So damn delectable. And I wanted him. Every inch of him.He glanced up and saw me staring, no doubt looking a bit dazed, too. “What is it, Axia?”When I didn’t answer because of a dry mouth, he sighed. “Don’t worry, beauts. I do this frequently. I won’t break a limb. I promise.”Oh that’s far from what’s going through my mind … “I’m not worried. You were just…”“Just … ?” He reached a hand out as if to touch my face, and my skin tingled in anticipation, but then he pulled back, replacing his hand on the bike handle.“Nothing.” I plastered on a smile. “Go kick ass, Playboy.”Speculative slate-grays stared me down for another minute before he winked at me then revved off to the starting line.A few seconds later, a rough voice came through the speakers instructing the bikers to get ready while people gathered on the sidelines of the massive oval racetrack. The batch of girls who I’d seen earlier skipped down with whistles and cheering a few feet away from where I stood. Some cast me contemptuous glances, no doubt pissed that Lovello’s attention was directed at me all day.The bikers lined up behind the starting line, and I could see Tiger mouthing off at Lovello and Natalio. Natalio, serious as always, shook his head and snapped down the face shield of his helmet, revving an all-white Suzuki bike. But Lovello, the more jovial, said something back to Tiger, flashing him a cocky grin before shutting down his face shield and fixing his attention on the road. The burly, tattooed Tiger peevishly said something back but no one paid him any attention, as they were all set and ready to race.A few more seconds of gabbling from the voice over the speaker and then … they were off. The zinging of the motorbikes sang in the air, blending with the chorus of cheers coming from the sidelines. Ferron was in the lead as they zoomed by me at lightning speed, Tiger in second and Lovello in third. They circled the first lap in mere seconds, and by this time Lovello was in the lead and Tiger still in second while Ferron fell into third.They zinged past me again on the third lap, their bikes practically lying on their sides as they careened the deep corners. By the fourth lap, Natalio was in the lead, with Lovello tailing in second, Tiger in third and Ferron in fourth. And that’s how it remained for the next two circles when Natalio zoomed to the finish line, lifting his bike in an intense wheelie to show off, eliciting a bout of screams from the women.Lovello finished in second, outdoing Natalio’s big finish by swinging both legs over to the side and letting the bike run. He then stood up on the seat as he tilted the bike upward so that it was riding entirely on the front wheel. My heart lurched in my chest, while everyone else whistled and cheered. This was obviously normal to them, but for me it was scary as hell. A blow of relief flowed through me when Lovello dropped the bike back on both wheels and sat back down. He nodded to Natalio, daring him to compete with that, but Natalio just shook his head and flipped him the bird. It seems that while Natalio was the better racer, Lovello was better at stunts.After the race, Lovello parked his motorcycle and jogged over to me. “So?”“Just as you predicted,” I answered.“Enjoyed it?”“Everything except where you risked your life with that stunt.”He chuckled. “Trust me, Axia, that little stunt was nothing. You should see —”“No! I don’t want to see you do anything like that again.” My words came out a bit sterner and more commanding than I meant them to.Lovello sent his eyes to the heavens and tugged at my ponytail. “Axia, you’re young. Live a little.”Feeling like I was about to explode, I blurted, “Why won’t you touch me, Love?”At my sudden question his eyebrows lifted. “You said you wanted friendship. I’m giving you friendship.”“Friends touch.”“There’s nothing friendly about my touches, Axia.” He gripped my hips and pulled me up against him, and an instant shiver shrilled through me, my eyes closing at the contact while tagging a long, satisfying sigh. Tilting my chin up with his index finger, forcing me to open my eyes, he whispered, “And there’s nothing friendly about the way you want me to touch you.”Tiger came up behind us before I could reply and grumpily chucked Lovello on the shoulder. “The next game’s not gonna be yours, pussy whip.”“You got a bone to pick, T? Then pick it with Natalio. I came in second, dude.”Tiger eyed Natalio as he swaggered up to us, but it was obvious that he was too afraid of Natalio to say a word.Lovello laughed when Natalio strolled up and Tiger said nothing. “What a wuss. There’s the winner. Chuck him!”“You bitchin’ again, Tiger?” Natalio laughed, lightly chucking Tiger.Tiger scowled. “Whatever, man. Let’s drink.”We all laughed and headed back to our spot.“When is Sadie coming back from New York?” Lovello directed to Natalio. “She’s never been away this long. It’s odd.”Natalio grunted. “She was supposed to be back since Wednesday, but she kept setting back the date, saying that she still had stuff to go through for the new clothing line she’s starting with Geo Lee. And by the time she gets back on Monday — that’s if she holds her word and actually comes home on Monday — I’ll only get, like, two days with her before I leave for Korea. Shit’s driving me insane.”“Are you sure Sadie’s not doing this on purpose? To get back at you for choosing work over her all the time? Like I told you, brother, she was seriously upset.”Natalio cast his brother a side glance, his face frowning in thought. “You think that’s what she’s doing?”Lovello shrugged. “Maybe. You wouldn’t realize it because it’s typical of you to do shit like that. You know, pushing back your return date to work instead.” He took a beer Tiger thrust at him as we reached the rest of the guys. “But you know Sadie’s not like that. I don’t believe for one second that Sadie would rather be working in New York when she knows you’re here — knowing that time with you is so preciously limited.” He chuckled at the latter.Natalio’s frown deepened as he took an offered beer and popped the cap, clearly weighing up Lovello’s hypothesis. “Now that I think about it … shit. Why is she always screwing with me like this?”“To get your attention. Maybe if you quit leaving the country every damn two seconds and start spending more time —”“Fuck off, Love.”“Okay. Can’t say I didn’t warn you.” Lovello turned to me and bit down one side of his lower lip, trying to stifle a laugh. “You hungry? Say yes, please, so we can leave. Because now is when he normally gets red and starts swearing at everyone. The worst time to be around him.”Bobbing my head, I giggled. Giggled! Rumors had hit my ears of what an angry Natalio was like.Natalio glared daggers at Lovello, but he wasn’t the least affected by his brother’s glare and was just smiling in good nature. The man was always so good-humored that at times I wondered if he ever got really angry and what it would take to make him.Patently wavering on something in his mind, Natalio stared blankly at us. Then, in a sudden instant, he threw his hands up in the air and definitively said, “To hell with it. I’m going to New York.”Stomping past us, he went straight to his white BMW and roared off. Lovello grinned down at me. “And that, my friend, is Natalio Raging Bull Nelson.” The emotion in his eyes whenever he looked at or talked about Natalio, I noticed, was nothing but raw, undiluted love. It was obvious he cherished Natalio as if he were his favorite person.As Lovello said farewell to his friends, a smile resided on my face and I marveled at how much I had actually enjoyed my day. Or maybe it was just Pretty Boy Nelson that I enjoyed being with. Either way, I felt contented. And I assume that was Lovello’s intention when he’d asked me to come along with him.He continued to interact with me hands-free, and I wanted to yell and scream for him to stop messing around with me. But wasn’t I the one who said I didn’t want him? My feelings were so on and off, I didn’t know what I wanted anymore. I wanted him, and then I didn’t.We tracked to the car and he opened the door for me, then rounded to the driver’s side once I was in. “So, where’d you like to go to eat?”Being in the enclosed space of the car, the absence of his touch made me even more miffed than before. High in frustration, I yanked off my ball cap and tossed it in the glove compartment. Lovello was waiting expectantly for an answer and I was waiting expectantly for him to touch or kiss me, or do something, anything that would make our bodies connect. Eying his long-fingered hand on the gearstick, I gently rested my hand over his and began stroking his knuckles. “I’m up for anywhere or anything you choose.” There was a double meaning, and I hoped he got it.Lovello’s eyes grew dark and intense as I continued to make languorous strokes over his fingers. Slightly, his lips parted and he tilted forward as if he would kiss me. Leaning further in, there was no doubt he wasn’t going to bless me with a kiss of those amazing lips, and my eyes whispered shut in anticipation, but only to fly open a second later when Kings of Leon’s Use Somebody came flooding through the car speakers.Lovello had left me hanging and was biting down on his lower lip to suppress a smile. Irritated to the core, I doubled my fist to land him a hard thump. But before I could do so, I was pressed back in the car seat as he floored the gas of his thrifty sports car, speeding off into the evening.The bastard.


IXMunching on the remainder of my French fries, I gazed out at the miserable ocean as it mumbled and grumbled and huffed up high waves in the hope of conquering the relentless, harsh winds. On its horizon was the tangerine circle of a weary sun, which slowly abated its glare as it made its quotidian descent. Its faint glow reflected in the capricious puffs of clouds supra, as they morphed in and out of various shapes, mocking and jeering the images of life below.Pretty Boy Nelson was slumped back in his chair across from me, resembling the contentment I felt inside. We’d done less talking and more appreciating of the gifted evening and the relaxation it offered. Kind of what was needed after an active day at the bike show. Just quietly enjoying the other’s presence.Lovello had chosen a secluded beachfront restaurant and we’d both agreed on breaking all health rules and ordered crap food: cheeseburgers and salty French fries. And let’s not forget the large cups of Coca-Cola — a beverage I hadn’t tasted since high school. But everything about Lovello screamed ‘rule-breaker’ and so did I. Now I was replete with crappy high-calorie foods.Nibbling on another chip, I decided to break the silence. “You seem to adore Natalio.”Dragging his eyes away from the ocean, he shifted them to me. The invisible hands of the wind were having a field day in his inky-dark hair, and he was looking damnable delightful. “I adore all my family members.” He took a pull on his straw; his Adam’s apple bobbed as the beverage passaged down his throat. “But if you’re asking if Natalio’s my favorite, the answer is yes.”“It’s pretty obvious with the way you look at him.”“Well, I love him and Trevillo both. But Natalio’s also my best friend. He understands me better than Trev does. Nevertheless, they both think I live too … well, free.”“Free?”“They’re both seriously serious about everything. Let’s just say everyone in my family is seriously serious about things. It’s a trait. And with my father, you have to be. They take especially their jobs seriously, and grant themselves very little time for enjoyment. But Natalio’s in the middle, though. Which is why I’m more relatable to him. He’s grave, is an utter and complete workaholic, but when he’s kind to himself, he’s crazy fun.”“So are you saying you’re not a serious person?”“Of course I am. How else would I be this successful?” He brushed off his shoulder in a gangster-rapper style for emphasis, and I laughed. “What I’m saying is, they’re control freaks. I had the same energy when I’d first started out with my business. But I quickly learned that trying to be in control of everything is far more onerous and gray-hair-boosting than simply creating a strong, powerful and dependable team. Trying to be a one-man empire, or ‘the master of your universe’ is nothing fun, and hell, I’m young.” He laughed, then straightened up in his seat and got more serious. “You see, when I was like that, I used to be stressed all the time. Rich, but freakin’ miserable. Then I changed the way I went about things.”He pulled on his straw again to wet his tongue. “The bulk of work is normally with the start of the idea. Giving birth to the idea, staying by its side and going sleepless for nights on end, nurturing it while it grows, starts creeping, then starts walking. Once it’s strong enough to stand on its legs, I build a strong, trustworthy, hardworking team who love what I do more than I do. Then I place it in their hands and that’s when I take my reprieve. Once my mind is destressed, new ideas start floating in my head and I’m off again. The thing is, being a business owner, it’s hard to trust, which is why most people try to be in control of everything, self-reliant. But no man stands alone. Whether you want to or not, you have to take the time to build a team that you can trust with anything and everything.”“I don’t see the difference. You still work furiously hard in the time of giving birth to the idea to its full growth.”Lovello snapped his fingers. “Ah, I do. And in those times, it’s all work and no play, I can tell you that much. But what I’m saying is, I know when to let go.”Smart. “Oh, I see.”“They’re always bitchin’ about the fact that I make more money than they do. And I keep telling them that if they stop chasing money as rigorously as they do, maybe it’ll chase them. But hey, why would they listen to me? I’m just the wash-belly.”“Wash-belly?” I asked, making a face.Pretty Boy Nelson laughed out. “Sorry. It’s a Jamaican term for ‘the last child’. My ex-girlfriend, Nicole, her mother was half-Jamaican. And she used to call me “wash-belly of the Nelsons”. She was funny. Always making me smile even when I didn’t feel like it.” Staring down at the table, he absent-mindedly toyed with the straw in his cup, pulling it in and out, and there was something there on his face, something warm, yet wistful.Seems the infamous whore has been in love before. Who would’ve thought? “Nicole was your first love?”His eyes snapped up from the table and to my face, widening a fraction. He quickly averted them and shrugged, non-committal.Seeing that he didn’t want to talk about it, I dragged him back to the former topic. “So what? Your brothers enjoy chasing money and you enjoy chasing women.”“Ha, freakin’, ha!” His good nature was back. “No. It’s not about women, Axia. What’s the point of being rich if you’re not going to enjoy it? If you’re making billions of dollars, well pay people to do shit for you, and enjoy your youth while you still have it. Hire workers that you don’t even need and make a few people happy with a job that family, friends or teachers had once told them they weren’t good enough to get. Give a few people chances that they don’t deserve.” He shrugged. “Why do you think my workers love me so much? Seriously, I’m not a whip-cracking boss, I like to see people happy. And somehow, living the way I do, I still make millions just by sleeping. So I guess I’m doing it right.”“Oh yeah, I saw that list: Hardy’s Top Ten Most Cherished Employers. You were at number three, so I guess you’re not the best boss, Mr. Cocky.”“Don’t know why you’re always saying I’m cocky. I’m not,” he said shaking his head. “Have you ever read Ecclesiastes?”“Huh?”“You don’t own a Bible, woman?”I scratched my forehead. “Think I have one of those free ones they gave out in high school.”Lovello stared at me with incredulity, then shook his head again. “So I guess you’ve never heard of Solomon, then?”Squinting with one eye closed, I held up a finger. “Hold on … gimme a sec, I know this.” I started muddling through some of my father’s berating rambles to see if I could come up with any Solomon figure. “Is he that man with super strength who nearly slashed a young baby in half and also took out a giant with a slingshot? Oh, and then some woman cut off all his hair and sold it for thirty pieces of silver?”Lovello just looked back at me straight-faced, and then he blinked, blinked again, then flung his head back and burst out laughing. Hard. It pissed me off that he was laughing at me. Did I not get it right? “Stop laughing at me!”He snapped his mouth shut and tried to look serious, but when he tried to speak, he broke into laughter again. Annoyed, I folded my arms and scowled at him.“I’m sorry for laughing, Axia. But I couldn’t help it. You’ve just bashed around four stories into one: Samson and Delilah, David and Goliath, Solomon’s first act of wise judgement and Judas’s betrayal. Hell, I can’t wait to give my father this combined story.”“Are you gonna stop laughing at me and get to the point soon?” I snapped.“Okay, I’m sorry.” He bit down on his lip and I knew he wasn’t sorry. “Anyway, Solomon was the son of David. He was blessed by God with everything. Riches, good-looks, wisdom, knowledge and understanding. He had hundreds of wives and concubines, and was the wealthiest person alive of that time. But despite all that, he was profoundly unhappy. That’s when he set out at writing Ecclesiastes and concluded that everything in life is meaningless. The world is just a cycle, and utterly pointless. That life should not be taken seriously, because we only live to die. So that perception is always in my mind as I go about life. You should check it out, ‘cause you, too, are like my brothers.”Now I’m being scolded. “Me?”“Yes, you. Why are you always so serious and bitchy?”My shoulders jerked in a shrug. “It’s just who I am. Wanna be my friend, then you gotta accept it.”Sitting back in the seat, he narrowed his eyes at me contemplatively, his forefinger running to and fro on his lower lip. What on earth was he concocting now? “Whatever it is that you’re planning, Pretty Boy, I won’t play.”White teeth glistened through a crooked smile. “Whatever on earth would make you think I’m planning something, beauts?”I leaned forward and rested my elbows on the table. “Because I know you. And you’re never up to any good.”“You might be right.” Mirroring my actions, he leaned in, eyes to eyes, nose to nose. “Just how much are you always in control?”Without a thought, I answered, “All the time.”“Even in bed?”“That’s where I exert it the most.”He leaned closer, our noses touching. “Even with me? Think you could remain in control with me?”“Especially with you.” What on earth possessed me to say that?“And you’re sure about that?”“Positive.” Oh hell, I need a bridle on my mouth!He circled his nose around the tip of mine. “I want you to prove it.”“Cute clichéd attempt to get me to have sex with you, Pretty Boy,” I laughed to cover my anxiety. “I thought you had better game than that. You disappoint me.”“Never said anything about having sex with you. I’m just gonna make you lose control. The sex is what you’re gonna beg for.”A scoff flew from me and I knew I was about to say something stupid again. “Never happened before. Can’t ever happen. Again, Nelson, you’re going after an impossible goal.”Pretty Boy Nelson trailed the tip of his nose up to the bridge of mine so that his lips settled on my quivering ones. “Come back to my loft with me, and I’ll show you just how easy it is.”Dios … Me and my big, boastful mouth. Control was my game, it’s where my confidence rested. So why had my heart fallen off beat all of a sudden? Why were the backs of my knees feeling so weak and boneless? What was that weird unfurling in my abdomen? There’s no way I could be afraid of him, could I? No way. Maybe it was the crappy junk food that was making me feel like this, making my eyelids lower and my lips part infinitesimally. Was I drowsy? Yes, I believe so. Research has proved that junk food makes the body drowsy and lazy, so, yes, I believe it’s the junk food. It wasn’t Lovello. It wasn’t him at all.“Tick … tick … tick … I’m waiting for an answer, beauts.” His smile morphed into a smirk. “Don’t think you can stay in control in a room with just … you … and … me?” He was stretching his words so devilishly sexy that before I could stop it, a flow of warm secretion rushed between my thighs in excitement, my legs automatically squeezing themselves together.Jesus …Why on earth would I want to be alone in a room with this man who could undo me with just his words? A light shiver washed over me and I shifted uneasily in my chair. Lovello ran his tongue around the curves of my lips, then took my lower lip between his teeth and slowly applied pressure. Unable to help it, a whimper weaseled through me and I instantly wanted more of him. Every damned inch of him.Lovello pulled away and slanted a smile. “That’s what I thought.”“No, you’re wrong,” I barely breathed out. “I was going to answer you. But you keep doing … um, things like that to me.”“Doing things like what?” His eyes danced with humor. “What do I do to you, Axia?”Bastard. No way was I going to give him the satisfaction he’s seeking. “I can hold my wits, you cocky sonuvabitch bitch. I’ll show you.” Pushing back my chair with a screech, I stood up. “Come on. Your loft. It’s on.”Lovello cocked his head to the left and looked at me, his teeth sinking into his damnable lip. He then cocked his head to the right, scrutinizing me with such intensity that I wanted to scream.“Are you coming or not, Pretty Boy?”He pushed back in his chair and stood up, trying to hide a smile by keeping his teeth sunken down on his lip. His eyes remained stuck on me as he dipped into his pocket and tossed a few bills on the table. “At your word, beauts.”Not wanting him to see the flaming desire in my eyes, I turned and started to tread ahead of him. In a second, his hands came around my waist from behind, his lips on my ear lobe, but I didn’t stop. I continued to tread out of the restaurant with him taking awkward steps behind to keep up his ear-nibbling, never minding the only other two customers staring at us. There was this stupid, toothy, teenager-girl smile on my face and I was glad for the fact that he couldn’t see it. Oh how good it felt to have him touching me like this again.My new addiction …Lovello held my hand throughout the drive to his loft. Our hands separated briefly for him to park, unplug his iPod from the car system and exit the car. Hands were instantly rejoined once we were out of the car, still intact in the elevator, still intact when we entered his loft — which I didn’t get to see much of because he made no stops and headed straight for his bedroom.He pulled me into his wide, modernistic bedroom, shutting the door behind us, then continued over to a Surround System in the left corner and connected his iPod, pulling me under his arm as he skipped through his playlists. He settled on a song titled Glow in the Dark by Chris Brown, pressed Play and then set it on Repeat. Definitely not a song I’d ever heard before.With mischievousness flashing in his eyes, Lovello turned and finally let go of my hand. Taking a few steps back from me, he folded his arms across his chest and mouthed, “Take off your top.”One eyebrow arched up. “How is giving me orders —”“Control is not about being fractious and stubborn, Axia. No, that’s immaturity. Control is being able to withstand anything. Following instructions well, as good as giving them. Control is knowing how to play it on both sides. You can’t do that, then you lose.”Mierda … He’s unfairly smart. I forgot that I was messing around with a genius, and was beginning to realize that I’d monumentally screwed myself. With no further rebuttals, I brought my hands to the hem of my top, pulled it over my head, rolled it in a ball and tossed it at his chest. Of course, it bounced off and landed at his feet. In here, in his bedroom, with the sexiness of that song circling around us, Lovello’s normally jovial expression wasn’t present. No, he was at high levels of intensity. Devilish. It both turned me on and made me cower. What was he going to do?He began walking around me to the slow, languorous beat of the music, his arms crossed over his chest, while I followed him with my eyes. He stopped in front of me again and mouthed, “Jeans.”Learning my lesson from his earlier instruction, my hands nimbly went for the button of my jeans, toeing off my loafers at the same time.“Slowly,” he drawled. “There’s no rush, beauts.”I let my actions match the smooth, steady beat of the song. Damn, this song was titillatingly torturous. Once my jeans were off, Lovello began circling me again. At that time the singer said something about being impatient to touch his lover, and I squeezed my eyes shut in agony, thinking that’s exactly how I was feeling with Lovello not touching me at all.I sighed when his fingers barely brushed my skin as he deftly unhooked my bra from behind. He made sure to let his fingers touch me as little as possible as he pulled my bra off and discarded it. Just once, he circled me again before settling behind me. His hands were next in my hair as he pulled out my hair tie, causing my hair to fall down my shoulders.It was almost unbelievable that I was standing there, so still and under his spell, allowing him to do all this. Word, this wasn’t me. Wasn’t my style. Yet it felt so good with him, and I was eager, anxious, excited to see what he was going to do to me. New juices trickled to wet my panties again. I’d lost count of how many times that had happened since I came into his room.Lovello’s fingers skimmed against the nape of my neck as he gathered my hair to one side. Hot breath caressed my ears as he whispered, “Your hair feels and smells so good. Been wanting to run my fingers through it for a while now.”My breasts were bare and aching in the cool air. But Lovello wasn’t touching them. In fact, he was touching me as little as possible, and I was wondering if this was part of his game.Obviously!He used just the tip of his forefingers to trail down my shoulders, down my arms, sliding over my middle fingers, making a U-turn through my palms, and made his way back up my inner arms. When he was all the way up my inner arm, he curved and trailed his fingers down my sides, as if he were drawing the shape of my body. When his fingers reached my hips, he stopped and brought his hands behind me to cup whatever fraction of my ass his hands could. I wasn’t bragging, but my ass was beyond average size.“This…” he hissed out while squeezing my butt cheeks. “Drives. Me. Insane.“ He grabbed my hips and pulled me back hard against him, then circled his hips into me. By this time, I was panting, dripping wet. Too out of breath and numbed to have even one cognitive thought.My eyes fluttered down and I made a slight moan when I felt his fingers trailing the edges of my panties. Slowly, he dragged his fingers down the lace material and sucked in a sharp breath when he felt my wetness. Feeling his fingers on me was what I’d longed for since yesterday in the storage room, so I closed my eyes and let my head fall back on his chest as he stroked me through my soaked panties. I’d already lost, I knew, because when he touched me, there was nothing I could do. But melt.Lovello tsked in my ear. “You are very wet, Axia. For how long have you been like this?” His voice was so smooth, melding with the music in the background. “Were you like this from the restaurant? Were you like this in the car on our ride here?” He ran his tongue from the dip behind my ear and down my neck. “I already know the answer. I was holding your hand the whole time, Axia. So I knew every single time you got wet, because your hand tensed.”Dios … the man was … He knew how to play me. How to read me. How to trick me. I was such a loser.“What was your mind on, beauts? The prospect of feeling my mouth around your hard nipples? My tongue against your throbbing clitoris? The prospect of me filling you? What, Axia? What’s the cause of all this?”My knees buckled. I could barely stand on my own two feet, let alone think through my addled brain to answer his questions. How did I get here? How did I get so weak? What has he done to me? Drugged me? Why was I so speechless and powerless under his touch?Lovello pressed two fingers hard against my folds, and I mewled as my juice seeped through the lace of my panties and soaked his fingers. Raising his fingers, he passed them under my nose. “See how good you smell? Your scent’s been permeating the air of the room and, hell, it’s intoxicating.” He dipped his fingers inside his mouth and leisurely sucked them off. “Tastes damn good, too, beauts.”Oh savior … He was driving me insane.All of a sudden, his touches were no more, and he was back in front of me. “Panties.”Without hesitation I shoved down my panties and kicked them off. Good heavens, I wanted him.His eyes leeringly traveled down my body. “You, Miss Axia Blacksille, have got to be the sexiest, most beautiful woman my hands have ever touched. Your body … is unbelievable. Take my word for it.”I wanted to say something witty but kept quiet. That way he’d think I was somewhat in control of my … um … oh what the heck, who am I kidding? I’m never in control of any damn thing around this man. Not even my thoughts.I took his hand when he held it out to me, letting him lead me to the bed. Thing is, he was fully dressed, while I was nude. So I was still trying to figure out what his game was. In pretense of having my wits about me, or that I didn’t want him to screw me into blindness, I managed to say, “I thought we weren’t going to have sex. I was up for the finger-play. Not…”“I told you: we’re not going to have sex.”Disappointment stabbed at me, but I held out the hope that he was just messing around with me. That we were really, after all this teasing, going to have sex. If not, I’d be as mad as a bull. “I don’t understand.”Ignoring me, he let go of my hand and took a few steps back. “Get in the bed and sit up in the middle.”“What?”He raised a brow at me and I did that girly thing of rolling my eyes and did what he asked.After I sat up in the middle of the bed, he went to the foot of it and crossed his arms again. “Now bring your knees up.”So I did.“Open your legs.”So I did.“Wider.”Did so, too. Hell, I was good at taking orders a lot better than I thought.“Now grasp your ankles and don’t let go unless I say.”Once I did that, Lovello sat down at the edge of the bed, his back turned to me. And as if he had all the time in the world, he started to remove his shoes and socks at a slow, slow pace.And there I was, nude and open wide, waiting for him, wet and desperate. But he wasn’t even looking at me. What on earth was his game?The song that he’d set to play on repeat was one of the sexiest songs I’d ever heard, and it wasn’t helping to quell my desire; instead, it was stoking it. The singer was saying something about ‘losing control’, and that just about had me curling my toes, trying not to lose control, grab Lovello by the collar and take what I wanted from him. I was going out of my flipping mind waiting for this a-hole to touch me.“Lovello, please…”He pretended not to hear me.“Please, Love…”No reaction.Reaching the point of irritation, I addressed him. “How long are you going to have me sitting like this while you sit and play tick-tack-toe? Beyond the fact that I can please myself, I have many other ways and means of getting pleasured.”Pretty Boy Nelson’s actions froze momentarily at this, then he sniffed. He still didn’t turn to me, though. He stood up instead, shrugged out of his leather jacket, and stalked out of the room.Deciding I wasn’t going to play this game anymore, I flopped back onto the bed and started fondling my nipples. I’d never before been on the side where the game was being played on me, I’d always been the one playing the game on my Subs. One thing I’d learned, though, was how frustrating it was to be wanting pleasure and not having it granted. Being on the other side wasn’t nice at all. Docile I couldn’t be, because I had absolutely no patience. I wanted what I wanted when I wanted it. And Lovello was fucking around with my head. Made me want to have a nice, long day with him in The Room. Too bad it wasn’t ‘The Room’ anymore, but just a regular room. What was I thinking trying to be with a regular guy? There was no way this would work, especially with Lovello who was so set on trying to normalize me.As the seductive words of the song swirled around the room, I let my hands meander down my body while I conveniently parted my legs. Just as I was about to dip my fingers inside my slick heat, Lovello’s voice sounded. “Sit up, Axia.”Snapping my eyes open, I blew a huff. “No. I’m done playing your pointless game. All I want is a freakin’ orgasm.”Lovello tried to stifle a grin at my frustration. “Sit up. I didn’t say you could lie down.”“Boohoo. Who cares?”Shaking his head, while failing miserably at suppressing a laugh, he said, “You’ve lost, then. You’re just a mouthy.”It was like an angry, frustrated spirit had entered my body, because I didn’t care two cents what he was saying. “Yeah. Whatever.”Folding his arms, he bit down on his lip and stared at me. Goodness, I just love it when he sinks his teeth down on his lip like that. At the sight of this Adonis gazing down at me with hooded eyes that screamed ‘I want to lick you from your soles to your soul’, while biting his lip with that bulge in his pants, new juices gushed down to my center. My legs squeezed closed as I squirmed.Lovello made a deep exhalation, no doubt frustrated himself that I’d shambled his little game. “I’ll give you another chance. I’ll even make you come. Sit up.”“What if I just want you to fu —”“I told you I wasn’t going to have sex with you, Axia.”Why not? Ugh. I was pretty sure that bulge in his pants was growing angry-red at being denied entry, by its own master, into a waiting vagina.With the confirmation that he really wasn’t going to have sex with me, and my desperate need to have an orgasm or else I would combust, I sat back up and positioned myself the way he’d told me. Lovello went over to his music system and switched the song. It was of the same singer as the previous song, and it was equally sexy. “What’s the name of this one?” I inquired, making a note to add them to my playlists asap.“Take You Down,“ he answered with a wicked gleam.Back at the foot of the bed, he pressed his palms flat on the mattress and leaned towards me, locking his eyes on mine. “Now, Axia, I’m going to touch you, lick you, suck you, finger-fuck you…”“Oh, Pretty Boy, you are such a tease,” I smirked.“You’re allowed to tremble, moan and scream,” he continued, as if I hadn’t spoken. “But you’re not allowed to move from this stance. If you fall back, then I win. Understand?”“Not like you’re gonna win or anything,” I babbled, “but what does it mean for you to ‘win’?”“It means you gave in to me. You become mine. To do whatever I want with, go wherever I want with, touch however I want, whenever I want. And it mostly means you stop being combative.”“Um, I dunno about all that. So, I guess we shouldn’t do this —”He was there in the middle of the bed before I had even finished that sentence, his tongue plunging into mouth, forcing me to swallow my words. He twisted my nipples between his fingers and I couldn’t even arch because of my position. I moaned instead, but he swallowed it. Oh shit, this was going to be hard.When he bent his head and covered a nipple with his mouth, I had to curl my toes not to give him the satisfaction of moaning again. His mouth was warm, his tongue soft against my hard nipples while he kneaded the unloved breast with his other hand.I flexed my sweaty fingers around my ankles but didn’t dare let go. The lower half of his body slid back off the bed as he lowered between my eagled legs. By this time, I was shivering in anticipation. Finally, I was going to have Pretty Boy Nelson’s tongue on me. He smoothed his hands up and down my thighs, though his movements were somewhat hindered because I was grasping my ankles. But his touch sent shocking waves through my body, nevertheless.Looking up at me through his long, dark lashes, he slid two fingers inside my soaking wet heat, and my lips parted so I could take in some much needed air. In and out he stroked, moving to the rhythm from the stereo, while his thumb rubbed circles around my bud. Heavens, it felt too good. I could barely keep my eyes open. “Por favor…”I tossed my head back when I heard the voice from the stereo singing about how he wanted to take me down nice and slow. Lovello was one cruel sonuvabitch: these songs were seducing me as much as he was.An unexpected cry flew from my lips when I felt his mouth clamp over my bud and suck. “¡Dios mío!”His tongue delved inside, sliding through the valleys of my slick heat. Through and over and under and around. The man’s tongue joked not. My legs were shaking as if I had ague, and the need to flop back and curl my fingers through his hair while he tongued me was compelling. But I was too stubborn to give in.At a faster and steadier pace his fingers moved inside me. Over and over, driving me up the height of Cliff o’ Orgasms. Growing weak, I let go of my ankles and pressed my palms down on the mattress instead. Lovello didn’t protest so I guess it was allowed. Or he probably hadn’t noticed because he was nose-deep in his meal.When my muscles started tensing, however, my mind flew out of the room and into a world near to the planet of Oblivion where ‘control’ was laughed at. “Love, I’m … I can’t…”Riddled with pleasure, I tumbled backward on the bed, dug my fingers in his hair and writhed without remorse as he brought me to the height of the cliff and shoved me over. My body spasmed hard and long as my mind made a quick stop at planet Oblivion before heading back home.When I finally regained consciousness, Lovello was lying next to me, propped up on his elbow, wearing his familiar smug smile. But I was too debilitated to start arguing about how unfair it was of him to expect me to remain in that position while orgasm rocked my body. The cocky bastard did indeed take me down.Hair was sticking onto my forehead with sweat, and he pulled the strands away from my face, tucking it behind my ear. “Sleep, beauts. You’re mine now.”Sleep was the one word my ears needed to hear, because I was out before he finished his sentence.


XWhen my eyes next opened, I was beyond shocked to see that it was morning. I’d slept right through the night. Had I been that tired? Lovello was nowhere to be seen, though, and I was hoping this wasn’t going to be one of those awkward morning afters. The clock on the nightstand claimed it was twenty past nine. Not quite feeling like getting out of bed, I shimmied further under the covers and tried to revisit darkness. It was surprising how comfortable I felt being in Lovello’s environment. Sleepovers were never a thing for me. The preference was for the action to happen at my place so I would have the say of go or stay. It was always ‘go’. But Lovello’s bed felt warm and safe, as if it were my own. I didn’t even care if he was here or not. What I did feel like doing was going back to sleep.My eyes reluctantly opened at the sound of the bathroom door opening, and heavy, confident footsteps echoing off the hardwood floor. Lovello’s face was frowning in concentration, two crumpled lines forming between his brows, as he worked at perfecting his white necktie. He was clad in a navy blue dress suit with a pale blue shirt, and the white necktie against it was brilliant. The man had style. He dressed his age. Not dull and prosaic like most upright businessmen. He had a little male fashion thing going on, even with his suits.Freshly shaved, his somewhat damp hair was finger-combed backwards which made his angled jaws seem sharper than usual. And those lips … Goodness gracious, it shouldn’t be permitted for any man to look as good as he does. It’s not natural, is it?“Close your mouth, bugs will fly in. And we can’t have that, ‘cause I need to kiss you,” Lovello teased when he caught me ogling him.Gliding my tongue over my dry lips, I shot him my favorite line. “Get over yourself.”The tempting, roguish delight chuckled and, I swear, I felt it in my groin. “Didn’t your mother ever tell you it was impolite to stare?”“Your self-confidence is going to leave you with an enormously disfigured head, Pretty Boy. You’re not as good-looking as you think.”He swaggered over to the bed and sat on the edge. “The fact that you used ‘Pretty Boy’ in the same sentence refutes your claim that I’m not good-looking.” In a slow and sexy manner, he ran his forefingers over his eyebrows, then raked his fingers through his damp hair while scraping his teeth over his delicious lips. “Don’t you just want to eat me?”Ugh. The a-hole was so full of himself. Eye-rolling had become a frequent act of mine since I’d met him. “What are you so dressed up for? It’s Sunday, isn’t it? Don’t tell me you’re a church man. I’ll never believe it.”“The last time I checked, yep, it’s Sunday. And yes, I am a church man. But that’s not where I’m headed.”Not hearing him further explain, I raised my eyebrows as a gesture for him to continue.“You have a charming morning face,” he said, evading my question.Huh? “Morning face?”“Yeah. Some women are butt-ugly when they wake up in the morning. They have swollen eyes with mucus in the corners, swollen nose, cracked lips and wild hair that’s scary instead of sexy. While with some women, in the morning, that’s when they’re the prettiest. Their skin is somehow softer, their eyes dreamy, their complexion warmer, their lips pouty and kissable, and their wild hair is the ultimate turn-on. Yours take the cake, though.” Before I could retort on women’s behalf, he held up his hands in defense and stood. “Hey, don’t ask me how it’s possible, but it is. I’m just being honest.”He stooped down by the bedside so that his eyes were level with mine, then brushed the pad of his thumb across my lips. “You’re beautiful, Axia. Wanna tell you all the time but I know you’re probably tired of hearing it … When I do tell you, it’s because I’m so mesmerized that I can’t hold it in. It may be safe and not too idiotic to say that you’re perfect.”The urge to roll my eyes was strong because of my sudden shyness, but I tried not to and simply mumbled a “Thank you”. It was true, I did grow tired of hearing it sometimes, but hearing it from the right person will make any woman’s day. And coming from Lovello’s lips, the compliment wasn’t discarded, but cherished. The words “you’re beautiful”, from a man who looks like he does, was enough to make a woman high.“So are you going to tell me where you’re going?”A sheepish smile curved his lips. “To hand out scholarships.”“Huh?”Lovello gave a resigned sigh. “I have this foundation called L.O.V.E.: Leverage Of Voracious Education. It caters for the education of underprivileged kids up until they are eighteen. The aim is for them to work hard enough and earn grades that will get them accepted into good colleges. Once they do, I give them scholarships along with smart cars and laptops. That’s what today is about. Eleven of my kids got accepted into top colleges. So there’s a ceremony being held for them today. Certificates, awards, vouchers and all that shit.”“‘And all that shit’? Why do you sound as if you’re ashamed of this? This is a good thing that you’re doing, Love. I never would’ve expect —”Abruptly, he stood. “That’s it. You never would’ve expected me to do shit like that. And I prefer it that way. It’s nothing to fuss about.” He walked off a few paces and then spun back to face me. “Not many people know it’s my foundation because I don’t seek publicity. So zip it. Okay?”I smirked at him. “Is this the only foundation you have where you do good deeds and ‘all that shit’, Pretty Bad Boy?”Wind got knocked out of me when he dove down on top of me in the bed and brought my hands above my head. “I said, zip it!”“Hmm … Mr. Deeds,” I laughed and teased. “Mr. Deedsy Doodsy Deeds.”My laughter was uncontrollable as I continued to tease him. He obviously didn’t like that, and thus covered my giggling mouth with his firm, frustrated lips. The laughter died and the kiss took over, growing into hot, steamy passion. His breath was fresh of peppermint, and I’m pretty sure mine was stale with everything I’d eaten yesterday. But Lovello didn’t seem to care as he chased my tongue around my mouth, sucking it whole when he caught it. Intensely aroused, and desperate to feel him inside me, I tilted my pelvis upward, sending a clear signal that I needed him. Lovello groaned and pulled away. “I can’t, beauts. I’ve got to go. I’m gonna be late.”“You have got to be the crappiest lover, ever,” I complained.“I’m your lover now, am I?” he grinned. “I can’t recall us ever making love or even having sex, for that matter.”“That’s what I’m trying to get you to do!”He pressed a kiss on the tip of my nose and bustled off the bed. “Hold your horses, lady.” Straightening his tie and buttoning his jacket, he asked, “Are you gonna stay here until I get back? Please do.”“What time are you getting back?”“Around three.”“No. My flight’s at that time.”“Ah hell. I forgot you were leaving today. I’m not leaving till Tuesday. Stay here with me until then.”I snorted. “The last time I checked, I had a business to run. Nowhere on my agenda does it list: ‘run around L.A. with Pretty Boy Nelson while he attends meetings, bike shows and hands out scholarships and cars’. My life is my life. Your life is your life. Pretty sure I know where to find you whenever I need a quick fix. Otherwise, there are always other … sources.”Lovello’s jaw worked as he shot me a death-glare. “Axia, if we’re going to do this, then you need to stop saying shit like that. I’m not playing games with you.”Holding the covers over my bosom, I sat up in bed to look squarely at him. All playfulness gone. The real Axia Blacksille was back. “What? What are we doing? I don’t want you to get all carried away here, Nelson. This is nothing more than what it is. Okay? I see you. You see me. You touch me. I moan and beg for more. You screw the living daylights outta me. We both leave in satisfaction. And that’s where it ends. Nothing more, nothing less. That’s all we’ll ever do. Got it?”Lovello’s glare grew thunderous, and when he bit down on his lip, I knew he was fighting himself to stay controlled. Doubt he knew it, but his lip biting was always a give-away to his emotions.Wordlessly, he strolled over to the music system and retrieved his iPod. Then he went to his dresser and pulled open a drawer, took out a neatly folded white kerchief, and carefully situated it in the pocket at the left breast on the outer part of his jacket so that the white triangular tip of the kerchief peeped out. It was the icing on the cake for his outfit — no, the mirror-aviators that he next used to cover his eyes were the cherry on top. Sweet sins, this was the sexiest man I’d ever, ever laid eyes on. The man looked like he was about to walk down a neon-lit runway. He should be in magazines and posing on red carpets. He was just … wow.Sure he knew I was watching his every move, but he was too pissed at me to give a heck. He knew he was hot. He knew he was edible. And he knew I was there salivating for him.With a serious face, chilled posture and covered eyes, he turned to me, and I could see my reflection clearly in his mirror-aviators. “There’s a new toothbrush and bath oil on top of a robe placed on the vanity in the bathroom for you. My T-shirts and boxers are in the chest, so when you shower you can drag on something clean. Whenever you’re ready to leave, there’s a key rack on the wall adjacent to the refrigerator in the kitchen, take any car from lots thirty-two to thirty-six in the garage. I’ll have it collected when —”“No need. I’ll just call a cab.”It was obvious he was struggling to hide his irritation and was close to losing it. His voice was as cold as the iceberg that sank the Titanic when he said, “Cool. Have a safe flight home” and sauntered out of the room. And with his departure, the chip of iceberg sank my heart, too.I was a bitch.“Axia, will you take your nose outta that damned thing and watch where you’re going? You’re going to get us killed!” Trudy yelled at me from the passenger side of my jeep.It was Friday, and we were heading back from a hearty lunch to our respective workplaces. My nose, lips, tongue and fingers were currently wallowing in a bowl of pistachio ice cream while I steered and maneuvered the jeep with my elbows. Trudy wasn’t up for my recklessness, unfortunately, and her nagging was disrupting my monthly decadence, my favorite ice cream.“Ugh, you’re such a baby, Trudy. We’re not gonna crash. That’s an insult, you know. I can drive with my eyes closed without hurting as much as a squirrel and you know it.”“Not in this monster of a vehicle you won’t. I told you, stop coming to get me in this … thing. It takes up half the street, it’s as loud as hell, and it scares the shit outta me. Makes me feel like I’m in Iraq or something.”Knowing her morbid fear of — well, everything, I popped on the lid of the bowl and chucked it onto her lap, then laughed when she scowled and tossed it on the back seat. “The way you exaggerate when you speak, girl! Stop hating on Rumby.”Rumby was my Hummer H2, high and heavy in a military-green color. My big guy. Trudy hated it. She preferred my less intimidating Jeep Wrangler. She drove a Mini Cooper. The woman was close to six feet tall and she chose to squeeze herself into a goddamn Mini Cooper! Yet she tries to talk crap about my safe and accommodating Rumby.“You can drive as loony as you want when you’re alone,” she yapped. “But I’m not ready to die just yet. When my boss starts on this new project, if all goes well, within the next year or so I’m gonna be a wealthy bitch. And I wanna live to see it.”A shrill dashed through me at the mention of him. Pretty Boy. Ever since his cold exit on Sunday morning, I hadn’t seen or heard from him. Figured he was still sulking or maybe wasn’t interested in me anymore. Probably had enough of my crap.Being anything more than shag pals wasn’t something I wanted. And I’d thought a guy like him would prefer the same thing, too. I mean, what guy as deliciously yummy and wealthy as him wanted any entanglements with a woman? But the way he got all touchy on Sunday morning told me that I might have thought wrong. Might have.He’d been back from L.A. since Tuesday and I’d been expecting him to get in contact with me by then, but he hadn’t. And, though I wanted him so desperately, urgently, longingly, I’d refrained from calling him because I was somewhat confused about what he wanted. I wasn’t capable of giving any more of myself than sweat, panting, hungry kisses and sheet tumbling.“I see someone’s happy about their contract. I envy you.”Trudy rolled her eyes with a shy smile. “Whatever. You know it’s what I’ve been dreaming of. Nelson can be really nice and understanding at times, you know. So casual, that sometimes I forget he’s the boss. Men of that status normally behave in such a superior manner with their workers, treating them as if they’re some annoying piece of gum sticking onto the bottom of their expensive shiny shoes. Acting as if our poor, tiny brains couldn’t possibly come up with a million-dollar idea, and therefore wouldn’t even give us the time of day. Nelson’s a really good boss and I guess that’s why he prospers as much.” She sighed in dismay while wagging her head. “Now if only he was the same with women…”“Give yourself some credit, too,” I admonished. “You have a heck of a brain beneath that skull. Don’t doubt yourself. He’ll be gaining from you as much as you’ll be from him. He sees that. It’ll all be good. With a mastermind like Nelson backing you, it’ll definitely be good.”As I pulled up to the curb of Coded Solutions to dispatch Trudy, I craned my neck to look up at the towering edifice and wondered just what my Pretty Boy might be doing at that moment. For some odd reason, I was in an extremely good mood today — not at all like me — and I felt like screwing around in someone’s air. Spending a day with Lovello will do that to you. Or maybe it was just an effect of my pistachio ice cream. Or, maybe it was because on Saturday night I’d gotten my first orgasm in thirteen months that wasn’t self-induced. Yep, it’s the latter.And I wanted more. Much more.“Is that good-better-best boss of yours in today?”Trudy looked at me with wary eyes. “Why wouldn’t he be? He has a company to run, doesn’t he?”Jeez, what’s her problem now? My shoulders lifted in a nonchalant shrug. “Just wondering. He’s more like the all-play-and-little-work kind of guy, isn’t he?”“Ha!” Trudy scoffed. “Don’t let Nelson fool ya. He likes to pretend he’s not all that serious about work. But really, he’s a slaughterer of work. He just does it differently. He shuts out the world and dedicates all his time to what he’s drafting, plotting, creating, for a period of time. And when he resurfaces he takes long respites, which include lots of sport.” Trudy twisted to grab her purse from the back seat. “But we admire his work ethic, though, he knows when to step away. He never allows himself to be dragged down into a mire of stress. And I don’t blame him. If I was worth billions at his age, I’d be having monthly vacations!”I laughed. “Let’s see if you’ll be doing that in the next two or so years.”Instead of letting Trudy exit on the curb where I’d stopped, I drove off around to the parking lot.“What are you doing?”“Coming in to mess around with your boss a little,” I sang, then stopped at a thought. “You know if he’s in any meetings or anything right now?”Trudy’s brows furrowed in displeasure. “Don’t know. I’d have to check with his assistant when I get in.” Her frown still residing, she tentatively broached, “Axia, I still think it’s weird that you’re dating my boss. It feels awkward every time he asks me about you.”The parking lot had next to no spaces available and I tried to reverse Rumby between two cars without dinging any. It better fit. “I’m not dating him, Trudy.”“Okay then. It’s weird that you’re screwing my boss.”“I’m not screwing him either,” I said, checking my rear-view mirrors.“Well, having oral sex with my boss.”Finally squeezing the jeep into the space, I switched off the ignition and laughed. “That was one-sided. I told you.”Trudy huffed in exasperation and I had to laugh again. The woman allowed anything and everything to bother her. “Whatever the hell it is that you two are doing, I don’t like it. Okay?”“Well maybe you shouldn’t have given him any information about me,” I retorted.“I didn’t think —”“That’s right. You didn’t think.”“Axia, I’m sorry. I’m just worried. I know what you’re like and I know what he’s like. Yes, he’s an amazing boss but he’s also a careless douche with women. And you, you’re the bitchiest bitch. The chances of you two working out together as a couple just don’t seem probable in my eyes. It’ll have a nasty ending and I don’t want it to affect my job or the relationship I’ve worked to build with him for so long. I’ve gone through three bosses to get to where I’m at. That now he’s no longer my boss’s boss’s boss’s boss. But my actual boss. You can’t screw this for me.”Flipping down the visor mirror, I began cleaning my face of any ice cream remnants, moisturized my lips and ruffled my ponytail. “I really don’t know what you’re worried about, Trudy. Nelson and I aren’t trying to become a ‘couple’. You know I’m not in for all that shit. So there won’t be any ‘nasty ending’. Relax.” I flipped up the visor, hopped out of the jeep, and turned to look at Trudy who was still sitting in the passenger seat scowling at me. “I’m just going up there to mess around with him a bit, is all. I think it’s only fair. He’s done the same to me on numerous occasions. It’s payback. So are you gonna get me in to see the man or not? Be careful not to let the door hit the car next to you, there’s little space.”Trudy moaned in misery and carefully slumped out of the jeep. “Why, oh, why did I sneak that Snickers in my bag that morning? All of this started because of that irresistible Snickers. And now I’m stuck in the middle with you two.”Laughing — damn, I’d been doing that a lot since Saturday — I crooked my arm through Trudy’s and patted her shoulder with fake consolation. “I bet the next time you try to cheat-eat any prohibited food, you’ll think twice. You see, my dear friend, diet disobedience can cause you more than just calorie and fat problems.”


XI“He’s currently in a meeting via Skype, Trudy. He, however, gave the green light for you to head on up in twenty minutes,” Lovello’s cute assistant informed Trudy. She was fair-skinned, with low-cut dark hair that waved in S-curls and was faded neatly around the sides. Her feline brown eyes gave her an exotic look. Eying her up and down, I wondered if Lovello had slept with her, too.“Thanks, Carla,” Trudy acknowledged.Carla lingered in the office doorway, staring expectantly at Trudy who was looking at anything else but her. Carla flicked her eyes to me, then pointedly back at Trudy, who then looked up at her with a pointed glare of her own. “I said: Thanks, Carla.“Carla narrowed her eyes at Trudy, then at me, and then at Trudy again before stomping from the doorway. What the hell was that about?“Nelson slept with her, too?” I blurted.“No,” Trudy answered in firm assurance.“How are you so sure of that?”Her cheeks flushed and a nervous expression passed over her face before she snapped at me. “I just know, okay.”Suspicion lingered on the turf, but I decided to make nothing more of it.Not wanting Pretty Boy to know I was here, Trudy had told Carla to tell him that she was humbly requesting a brief consultation, all the while grimacing and worrying about how Nelson might react to this lie. By gad, she could worry her socks off! I was not sure what had gotten into me, though. Popping up and messing around with people was rather uncharacteristic of me. But knowing Lovello’s genial spirit, I had no qualms about it. I did, however, know that the last time I saw him he was pissed at me. And I therefore had to admit that I was a bit dubious about how receptive he would be of me and my idleness today.The truth is, I missed him. Like crazy.In L.A., I’d had unexpected fun with him. Had enjoyed every single second spent with him. And since I came home, I’d wanted nothing more than to be around him again. To hear his deep, masculine chuckle. To see him grin and do that sexy lip biting thing. To feel his touch again. His tongue. I missed him. But I’d managed to keep away and shrug off my girlish feelings in a prideful way that only I could. Upon being in front of his building, however, the compelling urge to come inside and see my pretty boy was a wrestle match that I lost.After thirty forever minutes of hanging around and jabbering about nothing in Trudy’s office, Carla returned with tight lips and grim eyes to let Trudy know it now was okay to head on up to Nelson’s.All the way up to the forty-sixth floor, Trudy voiced her worries, driving me into annoyance. I was beyond relieved when the elevator doors opened.“His office is that way,” she said, pointing to her left. “The black door. It’s the only office on this floor.”“What are those other two doors, then?” I asked, nodding in the other direction where there were two white doors on either side of the hall.“Rooms. Kinda like his quarters when he has to work for days on end without going home. He hasn’t really left the building since his return on Tuesday. There are more than desired inactive accounts on Tellit, so he’s been working on new designs and features to refresh it.” Trudy frowned, then stepped back into the elevator and made a furious punch on the button for her floor. “Don’t ask me anything else.”“You really suck at keeping information in, Trudy.” I felt like teasing the worry rat. “Ooooh … your job is so on the line.”As she started to curse at me, the elevator doors closed in and I couldn’t help laughing. The woman was a nervous wreck. But hell, I loved her to pieces.Lovello’s office door was left ajar, cool air-conditioner leaking through the space. What was it with this man and the cold? Before knocking, I traced my fingers over the rectangular gold nameplate that had ‘Lovello T. Nelson. Chief Executive Officer’ engraved.My knuckles tapped on the door twice, and Lovello wearily voiced “Miss Green, while you stand outside and knock, the clock inside sings tick-tock.”Someone seems to be in a grumpy mood. Didn’t sound like my usual pretty boy at all.Ready to make his day mood worsen, I pushed open the door with a smirk on my face. Lovello was sitting behind an immense crescent-shaped desk made of dark wood, two big, black leather club chairs in front of it. A black L-shaped leather sofa on the far left, with twin flat-screen televisions on the wall adjacent.His desk was messy with paraphernalia strewn about as if he’d been deep in work all day. Three Starbucks cups, a Chinese food box with chopsticks jutting out, two half-empty bottles of Fiji water and a crumpled Subway wrapper all sat in line on the right end of his desk as if they were awaiting the next passing train. His white shirtsleeves were folded up to his elbows, his dark gray tie loose around his neck, the first three of his shirt buttons undone, and his hair looking as if he’d raked his hand through it a million times for the day. Behind him was a vista of the many towering buildings in San Francisco, serving as the backdrop of a beautifully disheveled businessman.Lovello didn’t look up when I entered, his eyes focused on his computer screen, tapping a single key on the keyboard at every three seconds. That had given me enough time to take in the glorious sight of him. An inexplicable sensation seeped through my veins. I was turned on. And I mean turned the hell on. He looked as if he’d been wrestling with a lioness and walked away unscathed, if only a little shabby and disheveled. The whole weary, messy thing he had going on made me want him even more. My initial plan had been to just screw around with him a bit. But at this delectable view, I knew, instantly, that what I wanted to do was screw him.Without turning around, I reached for the door behind me, closed it and turned the lock.At the sound, Lovello began speaking, drearily and reluctantly dragging his eyes away from the computer screen. “Green, this better be imp —” His words tripped once his eyes were fully away from the computer screen and settled on me.Myriads of expressions sprinted across his face and I knew that, out of confusion, he wasn’t sure what to make of my visit.“Is this how you have meetings with your workers? Looking all disheveled and harassed?”The amalgam of expressions disappeared and now he wore … none. His tone was as flat as stale soda when he asked, “What are you doing here?”Determined on getting what I wanted, I started towards his desk — it was a good distance from the door. Once I got around to where he was, I perched my ass on the edge. “I told you, Pretty Boy, that I know exactly where to find you when I want a quick fix.”“What do you want? Don’t you have classes to instruct? Propositions to turn down? Bitchiness to dish out?” His tone was confirmation that he was still vexed with me. Hell, I didn’t need his tone to tell me that. The man had been avoiding me all week.“I just told you what I wanted. And don’t you worry about what’s on my agenda. I’m the bitch who does whatever she wants.”“Listen, Axia, I don’t —”I pressed my index finger against his lips, stopping his words from spilling. “Shhh…” I pulled his loosened tie from around his neck. “No talking today, Pretty Boy.”His face twisted in a confused expression when I covered his mouth with his necktie, knotting it at the back. Nevertheless, he didn’t stop me. Knowing Lovello, there’s no doubt he was amused.I kicked off my sandals and made little work of removing my jeans. Lovello’s eyes followed my every move, and my core blazed like a furnace when his eyes grew dark and hooded, his breathing growing heavy. He remained motionless, but I knew he wanted me as badly as I did him. Pissed or not.The throbbing between my legs increased much to the point of pain. Desire for him grew wild within me. I was aching for him, to feel him, his touch. Panties finally off, I swiveled his chair away from the desk and straddled him.As if our contact made it harder for him to breathe, Lovello tore the necktie from his mouth.“Don’t. Speak,” I ordered. If this was a Sub of mine, he’d definitely be penalized for removing a restraint. But Lovello was anything but.He didn’t respond, though, merely watched me with hungry eyes. No problem. There was still some control, so I could work with that. Roughly grabbing his chin, I brought my lips to his, kissing him deeply and forcefully while rocking back and forth against his erection. He returned my kiss with the same intensity, but made no attempts to touch me.The friction of my neediness against his had me building such deep pleasure that I almost growled. As I scraped my teeth along his impeccably squared jaw, I unbuttoned his shirt the rest of the way down. My lips drifted down his neck, and he tipped his head back to expose his throat. He still didn’t touch me.My hands roamed feverishly over the defined contours of his chest and abs. God, the man’s body felt amazing — hard and sturdy under my fingers. Dropping kisses down his chest, I circled my tongue around one nipple and a low groan sounded in his throat. Ha! He was trying to play hard but was clearly struggling. I continued rocking back and forth on his erection that grew harder by the second. It felt so good, I didn’t want to stop. But I needed to feel him. Inside me. Needed to.Balancing my weight, I held onto the desk behind me and twisted my upper body, opening and rummaging through the drawers to find where he kept his condoms. This was Lovello Womanizer Nelson, there’s no way on earth he didn’t have condoms here. The last drawer at the bottom revealed what I was looking for and I smirked to myself and twisted back around. Lovello was watching me with impassive eyes. Not giving any of his thoughts away.In desperation to have him inside me, I made quick work of undoing his belt buckle and unzipping his pants. I leaned in for another lingering kiss while I weaseled my hand down his boxers. When I pulled his boxers down, I all but sprang from his lap at the sight of his size.What in the … Holy Moses …An instant feeling of apprehension washed over me. I’d always thought that Zane’s size was huge, but this guy beat him by a long shot. A lump formed in my throat as I contemplated if I should follow through with this or not. Not with how rough I’d intended to be with him. There’s no way I could accommodate all of that.My eyes flicked up to Lovello’s to find him sinking his teeth into his bottom lip. The tell-tale sign that he was trying to hide a smirk, a laugh, or holding his tongue. If I backed out, he’d grow all the more annoying with his cockiness. I couldn’t take back my shocked expression that he’d just seen, but I could try not to give him the satisfaction by backing out. The good thing was, I was in control with this position. This may be the first and last time I have sex with this guy, because God forbid what internal damage I’d suffer if he were in control.So with bravado, I swallowed my fear and tore open the condom packet. Swear, I swear, my fingers were trembling. Never in my life had I been afraid to have sex. But Savior, the man’s unnatural size had me more frightened than a rabbit. Was he taking enhancer pills or something?Trying to remain calm and unaffected, I deftly covered him with the latex. Apprehension mixed with excitement as I brought my lips to his again, lifted my hips and started to lower myself onto him. Lovello made a harsh exhalation and I winced as his wide head ripped through me. To temper the pain I kept my mouth glued to Lovello’s, kissing him with my eyes pinched shut.When I felt full and unable to take anymore of him, I stopped where I could. Then excitement took over and I started my joyride. Gliding up and down, never taking him to the hilt. Pleasure shot through me, and my mouth was everywhere on Lovello. His eyes, his nose, his neck, his ears. I was lost in him. He felt good. Real good. Whatever percentage of him I was riding, it felt helluva good.Lovello released a guttural groan, gripped my hips and began meeting my strides. He kept trying to bring me down an inch further each time but I kept pulling back. Removing a hand from my hip, he lifted up my blouse and palmed a breast, brushing his thumb over the already hardened bud beneath the lace of my bra. Heavens, I loved his touch. It amplified the thick, heavy pleasure inside me. I kept going, not wanting to stop, wanting to ride my Pretty Boy like this all day.Beads of sweat sprouted on his forehead and his mouth hang lax as he met my strides, trying to force me to take more of him. As I felt my orgasm starting to build, I chanced taking him a bit further. This drove Lovello wild. He flung his head back and gripped my waist tighter, making his thrusts even more forceful. “More, Axia. Take more.”Again, I sank further and he bit down on his lip, his eyes slammed shut. “More, beauts! Jesus … you feel so tight. More.”No, I think you’re the one that’s too big.When I tried for more again, a sharp pain lanced through my stomach which made me cry out. “I can’t … It…” Hurts. But I didn’t want to say that. Didn’t want to admit that I couldn’t manage all of him.“Beauts … God, I…” He let go of my hips and brought his hands to cup my face, plunging his tongue inside my mouth, possessing both places. I loved being with this man. I loved the feel of him inside me; he belonged there. I loved it when he kissed me. I loved it when he touched me. Because he made me feel so good, I held my breath and took him to the hilt. Lovello bit my lip and groaned. “Shit! Yes…”Staying still, I tried to acclimatize to the feel of all of him. Though his face was bathed in lust, the a-hole still managed a smirk. “Not as tough as you pretend to be, are you?”“Did I not tell you not to speak?” I snapped, angry that he was right.Taking his length in its entirety, my strides grew harder in anger, pulling hard on his hair as pleasure lanced through me. It was enough to keep him quiet, his hands squeezing and kneading my breast as his breathing labored. This man’s powerful size was hitting a sweet spot that I didn’t even know I had. Damn, he felt good. Really good.My orgasm was riding in on a white horse, the galloping getting louder and louder in my ears. And by the way Lovello was staring into my eyes with his jaw tightly clenched and his nostrils flaring, I could tell he was near, too. It sent me wild, and I leaned back, pressing my hands on his thighs so I could ride him with more severity. The tips of my fingers tickled and I knew it was seconds before I blew up. “Love, I’m gonna … I’m gonna go.”Lovello growled and shifted so he could meet my strides more steadily. “No … wait … wait for me, Axia.”And we moved together, our moans getting louder, strides and thrusts getting stiffer, veins bulging, sweat dripping, breaths hitching. It was next to impossible for me to hold off for another minute. My body was so seized with my orgasm teetering on the edge, my joints completely locked, that the majority of the work was left on Lovello.On a feral growl, he locked me to his chest and choked out, “Now, Axia. Now. Jump off with me”, before sinking his teeth into the flesh of my palm.At his words, I spiraled. Setting free and allowing my orgasm to take over, jerking me with sharp spasms. Lovello was holding me tight to him with one hand while his teeth sunk painfully into my palm, emitting muffled groans as he pulsed inside me.Once we were released from the claws of our orgasms, we sagged. Lovello’s face buried in my bosom, and my face pressed in the crook of his neck. Minutes passed before I regained adequate energy to start peeling my sweaty body away from Lovello’s. He tightened his arms around me when he felt me trying to extricate myself, restricting me from leaving and sighing contentment into my bosom.“I came here for a quick fix,” I blabbed. “Not to cuddle.”Lovello’s eyes snapped open, and they had the same look of irritation that was there on Sunday. His irritated glare intensified, shooting tiny pins of anger at me. He made as if he were about to say something rotten in retort, but bit his lip instead, gave a small shake of his head and released me.When I stood to my feet, he masked his favorite expression of no expression and said, “There was nothing quick about that fix. Thanks, nevertheless.”Guess I deserved that for being a bitch to him, huh?“Right back at ya,” I mumbled, as if that was going to make him feel as bad as his ‘thanks’ made me feel.He ignored me as he zipped himself up and redid his belt, tossing the used latex in the wastebasket. Asking no permission, I headed to his bathroom and cleaned myself up. I came back from the bathroom to find him staring blankly out of the floor-to-ceiling window.Was he really that sensitive? Or was he just tired of my bullshit? I don’t necessarily act the way I do on purpose. It’s just my way of keeping things the way I want them. I really, really liked Lovello. And having sex with him had just intensified that likeness. But I just didn’t want anything more than that. What’s so bad about that?In an attempt to make amends, I sidled over to him and sat on his lap, throwing an arm around his neck. He didn’t push me away, surprisingly, but he ignored me. I held up my hand that had his teeth marks printed into my flesh and joked, “A bit animalistic, don’t you think?”“Sorry. I bite when I come.” His tone was void of any emotion and his eyes remained straight ahead.“So … when can I have you sinking your teeth into my flesh again? Later tonight?”He shifted, as if brushing off the excitement his dick got from that prospective idea. “I don’t want what you have to offer.”Ouch. That stung. Much, much more than his ‘thanks’ comment. More like a wasp sting than a bee sting. ‘Cause bees die when they sting: they can only sting once. But wasps can keep on stinging until you’re swollen enough to puncture with a pin.Unable to even respond to that without making it evident that I was affected by his harsh words, I pried myself away from his lap, grabbed my car keys from his desk and headed for the door. I heard him swivel his chair around but I didn’t want to look back at him.Three feet away from the door his voice stopped me. “Axia, I didn’t mean what you think I meant.”Frightening myself with my own anger, I spun around to face him. “Then what did you mean, Love? You’ve made me feel like a whore twice in under ten minutes!”Lovello shot up from his chair and in a nanosecond I was scooped up in his arms. He carried me back across the room and set me to sit on his desk, pushing my legs apart so he could stand between them. It confounded me why I wasn’t fighting him like a wild cat, given how wounded I was by his words. Again I’d learned that being the victim wasn’t nice.Lovello tilted my chin up so I could see his eyes. “Beauts, I wasn’t trying to make you feel cheap. I’m simply saying I can’t be with you and not be able to call you mine. Neither can I brook the thought of you sleeping with someone else because I’m unavailable.” He ran a hand through his hair. “From day one, I’ve never seen you as just another girl. I just … surprised myself with liking you more than I intended to. More than I wanted to. And I want to try, at least, try having something different with you.” Sighing, he shoved a more furious hand through his strands. His inky-dark hair looked havocked and abused. “But you keep saying shit like ‘other ways and means’ and then treating me as if you just want me there for sexual reasons. And that just ticks me the hell off. With you, I can’t accept what you have to offer. Not with you.” He took a breath. “You think I just talk about my life and family so candidly to people? Especially women? No,” he said, shaking his head to emphasize. “No, Axia. I never do. Not since my ex-girlfriend. And that’s been, like, seven years.” His warm palms cupped my face. He wasn’t giving me a chance in hell to speak. “In L.A. at the beachfront restaurant, I can’t tell how long it’s been since I felt that relaxed with anyone. I could actually talk to you. That’s what I want with you. More.”Oh, why was he making this so hard for me? “I’m not interested in a relationship with anyone. I’ve told you that.”“Christ, I’m not asking you to fall in love with me, Axia! I told you I don’t do the love shit either. I just…” he stopped and shook his head. “I just want to be around you, talk to you, hang out with you, call you mine. Not just meet up with you, fuck and then say our goodbyes. I want more than that with you.”“I don’t think I can —”“Will you at least think about it?”My lips spoke their own words. “I’ll think about it. I’ll … try.”“We’ll try.” Cupping my face, he bent his head and slipped his tongue between my lips. I sighed at the warmth and peace I always felt in his presence, with his touches and his kisses. “Just love having you close, beauts. You just feel so … Jesus,” he murmured into my mouth.I arched into him as fresh arousals swooshed to my center. I wanted him again. More. I shoved my fingers in his hair and deepened the kiss.“Love,” I moaned against his lips. “I want you inside me again so bad. So, so bad.” My teeth clenched onto his lip. “Unfortunately, I have a pilates class in less than twenty minutes.”Lovello made a low grumble in his throat and flexed his hips into me before pulling away. “Yeah. I have a lot of shit to do, too. Your visit is a stress reliever. I meant it in a good way when I said, ‘thanks’. I’m really glad you came.”“Glad that I came or glad that you came?” I joked, pushing against him suggestively.He pushed back, circling his hips. “Glad that you came so that both of us came.”“The next time we’ll be doing any more quick-fixing, I’d like to see some evidence that you are clean, please,” I said, sliding my butt off the desk. “I don’t do the condom thing. It annoys me. I’ll show you my records, too. And for pregnancy worries, I’m on the injection. Good?”He raised a brow. “Sure this is not a ploy to get knocked up in order to trap a young, hot billionaire?”I gave him a disgusted look and scoffed. “I’m not even gonna bother telling you to ‘get over yourself’ this time. Just look at me and tell me if I look like a woman who gives a shit about pissing out annoying brats. Gotta be kidding me.”He frowned in thought for a second, then shrugged. “Clean records. No condom. No problem.”“See you around, Pretty Boy,” I sang as I sashayed to the door.But he couldn’t let me leave before catching up to me and giving me another long, lingering kiss. “May thoughts of me keep you grinning all day,” he said, spanking my ass as I opened the door.When I was halfway out, I poked my head back around the door and said in a sweet voice, “And oh, Mr. CEO?”Lovello jerked around. “Hmm?”“Clean up your damn desk!” I yelled and slammed the door. I could hear his deep chuckling as I walked away.As the elevator descended with me, I thought about how content Lovello made me. If I enjoyed being around him this much, why was I so reluctant to enter a relationship with him? At times I wondered if I was truly over Zane or not. And if he was the reason why I tried to stay available. Was my father right?Lovello was what I craved for, what I was addicted to, yet I was still reluctant. A sudden desire to please him surged through me, nevertheless, and I concluded my ‘thinking about it’ in less than five minutes …For Love, I’ll try.


XIISaturday night was a quiet and rewarding night of relaxation from a hectic day. I was curled up on my couch watching a muted television, sunken deep in thought after an hour-long telephone conversation with Zane. He’d babbled on in convincing tones about how much we were ‘meant for each other’ and that the idea needed to be put into action because he ‘loved me forever’ and whatnot. A few weeks ago I might have been glad to hear those words and jump into action on anything he offered. But the entire time throughout our conversation, my mind was on one person only: Pretty Boy Nelson. Such had caused me to hear only a fraction of Zane’s hour-long rambling. The scent of Lovello was still in my nostrils, the sensation of his touch was still there on my skin, the taste of his tongue was still in my mouth. And here was Zane, a little bit too late.I’d already been claimed.My intercom receiver rang, dragging me from my sweet reveries, and I lethargically rose from the sofa and trudged over to the wall by the front door to answer it. The disembodied voice of Bill, security of the gated community I reside in, came over the receiver. “Miss Blacksille, there’s a Lovello Nelson here who says you’re expecting him. Should I let him through?” Bill sounded annoyed, and I could hear Lovello grumbling his own annoyance in the background about being restricted entrance to his own brother’s complex.How Lovello knew where I lived I couldn’t tell, for he hadn’t asked me. But to direct another ‘how did you know’ question at Lovello Nelson would sound inane. Since our ‘quick fix’ in his office yesterday, I hadn’t seen or heard from him. But I’d figured he was still laboring on revamping his social network and told myself that whenever he needed me, he’d come to me. And that he did. “Yes, Bill. He’s safe. Let him through.”“Okay, Miss Blacksille. Have a good night.”I opened the front door and leaned against its frame to wait for him. The cold night air swept across my bare legs, causing me to shiver and tighten the strings of my pink silk robe. Beneath it I had on tiger-print Victoria Secret boy-shorts and sleep tank. I’d showered about a hour and half ago and moisturized my skin, so I didn’t need to run to the bathroom to primp or anything. My hair was piled in a stringy heap atop my head and I was make-up-free, but I wouldn’t have the time to rush to the powder room even if I wanted to.Car lights peeped around the corner, then turned straight into my driveway. The bright, bluish headlights shone directly on me in the doorway, and I raised my hand to shade my eyes from being blinded, signaling for him to turn the damn headlights off. But he didn’t, and, though I couldn’t see him, I knew, without a doubt, that he was sitting in his car with a cocky smirk on his face.So, with a smirk of my own, I pulled the ties of my robe and held it wide open, displaying my body in just skimpy boy-shorts and sleep tank. With a honk of his car horn, the headlights went on high beam, blinding me further. In defeat, I rolled my eyes and closed my robe. There was no winning with him. A few annoying moments passed before he killed the engine of his Bugatti and stepped out, all six foot three of him, lean and formidable as he made lazy strides towards me. The car lights flashed with a beep behind him to signal its automatic locking.It was when he got near to me that I noticed the weariness in his eyes. His hair was messier than normal and the usual spark his face had was absent. His suit jacket was missing, his tie was undone and I deduced he came here straight from work.He stopped in front of me, twirling his car keys around his finger with a laggard smile. “Crissida Cove, huh? You know this is my brother’s complex, right?”“Don’t I must? I bought the damn house, didn’t I?”“Let’s see, all your electronic equipment are of a Nelson brand. The complex you live on is owned by a Nelson. And you’re quick-fixing a Nelson. You are quite involved with the Nelsons, Miss Blacksille.”“It’s hard not to be, when the three Nelson demons are everywhere and all up in everything.”He laughed. “I missed you.”“Well, now you’re here. Come in. It’s cold.”I moved aside to let him enter, and as soon as the door was closed, he had me up against it, his tongue delving into my mouth, kissing me with voracious need as if he couldn’t get enough. Drowning in my own need for him, I threw my hands around his neck and returned his kiss with the same hunger. Stroke for stroke. I missed him, too.“You are so … sexy. So … sweet. You feel so … damn good,” he mumbled in between kisses.Kudos to him for having breath sufficient to speak; mine was snatched away from my lungs by his desperate kisses. Lovello broke the kiss and dropped his forehead to mine, panting heavily, looking immensely tired and sleep-deprived.“You look beat, Love. Have you slept? Are you hungry? I can fix you something.”“Just hungry for you.”“Lovello, be serious.”“I am being serious.” He gave a small shake of his head and pushed away, taking my hand and leading me to my own family room. Oh, so he knows the layout, too. “The reconstruction concept I’ve been working on is finished. I’ve tossed it over to the team. So now I can rest.” He plopped down on my red leather sofa, dragging me down with him.An object was digging into my side and I twisted to remove the television remote from between us. “So you’ve eaten, then? You don’t want a cup of hot chocolate or something? I’m not used to you looking so … dreary.”Lovello tilted his head to regard me, a contented smile spanning across his handsome face, his slate-gray eyes holding some unfathomable emotion. His hand went up to the top of my head and loosened the stringy mass of hair, causing it to tumble down my face and on his chest. Bundling my hair in one big palm, he pulled it away from my face and channeled it down my back, then pressed his lips against my forehead and whispered, “Just this.”Trouble. Trouble. Trouble lies ahead …This man and his tenderness were doing something to me. Something was changing inside me and I knew it could only mean trouble. Not wanting him to see that he was having a profound effect on me at this very moment, I averted my eyes and silently laid my head on his chest, wrapping myself around him. This felt good, he felt good, I felt good. And I wanted this feeling to stay with me. I wanted it to last. I wanted him. I wanted the ‘more’.Lovello heaved a weary sigh and picked up the remote, nuzzling his nose in my hair as he switched the channel to CNBC. As he listened to boring dribble about the economy, I closed my eyes and listened to the constant beat of his heart. Scarcely five minutes had passed before his heart slowed to ponderous beats and his breathing evened out. I opened my eyes and peeked up at him. Pretty Boy Nelson was sound asleep, his long lashes fanned his cheeks, his mouth hung lax.I stealthily snuck the remote from his hand, switched off the television and snuggled deeper in his arms. There was no way I was leaving his arms tonight. If at all.Consciousness visited as the morning sun’s rays poked at my eyelids, the faint sound of Timo’s whining tickling my ear. My body contorted in stretches as I opened my eyes and reached out my hand to Timo who began sniffing and licking at it, whining like the bitch that he wasn’t. He was hungry and he wanted me to know.I’d had a dead sleep. A blank one. For it took me a while to remember that I’d fallen asleep with Lovello on this couch, and awoken on it alone. Sitting up while pulling a squirming Timo onto my lap, I glanced around the room, wondering if Lovello was still here. He wouldn’t just leave without a word, would he?I got to my feet and caught sight of his shirt and necktie strewn across the edge of the sofa, while his socks and shoes were tossed in the most unconventional way about the area. On my walk into the kitchen, I spotted his Richard Mille wristwatch, platinum ring and wallet on the kitchen island. Jeez, the man was a walking mess. There must be a live-in housemaid at his house if he’s this messy.Just to amuse myself, I drifted my eyes to the ceiling, wondering if I’d see his pants dangling from the chandelier. No such luck, I smiled to myself. The said pants were found a second later, however, lying limply in the hallway. I couldn’t help laughing as I picked them up. Where was he?I checked my bedroom but he wasn’t there. Not in Timo’s lair either. After dunking dog food into a bowl to quell a whiny and miserable Timo, I went upstairs to check the guest bedroom but halted outside the door when I heard mumbling coming from inside the room. It was barely after seven in the morning: who could he be talking to this early on a Sunday?Then I remembered who this man was: Lovello Nelson. Of course he wasn’t seeing me alone. He had his other girls to keep in touch with, and he was keeping in touch with them in my guest bedroom. He’d made it abundantly clear that he couldn’t tolerate sharing me with anyone else, but I hadn’t made any such demands on my behalf. And I wasn’t about to. That would make me look desperate or, worse yet, like I’m falling for him. Therefore, he had the liberty do whatever he wanted with whomever. Men like Lovello Nelson had to have their cake and eat it, too. Just not in my house.Turning on my heels, I headed back downstairs to my en suite bathroom to freshen up, finding that Lovello had helped himself to a new toothbrush — the ripped packet tossed on the vanity, even though the waste bin was just a hand’s throw away. A used razor was there also which meant he’d shaved, and my fluffy purple robe was missing. I’d sure as hell love to see how that was fitting him.Once I was done cleaning myself up — and the bathroom — I dallied back to the kitchen to prepare breakfast.It was a good twenty minutes when I was just about done preparing a breakfast of scrambled eggs, waffles, sausage, with blueberries, strawberries and Greek yogurt, that Mr. Nelson came sauntering into the kitchen, making a show of sniffing and rubbing his stomach over the puffy purple robe. Ridiculous is too lame a word to describe how he looked in that robe. I desperately wanted to laugh but forced myself to hold it in because I was secretly vexed with him.“Morning, beauts,” he sexily said as he grabbed me and spun me to face him.I didn’t get a chance to reply because his mouth was on mine in the same second, his tongue tasting of my favorite Aquafresh toothpaste. I was supposed to be upset with him, but I could never help it when he touched me: what was new?I arched into him and locked my hands around his neck, pulling him down to kiss me deeper, surprising myself at how much I hungered for him. Last night I’d really wanted him; I was excited when he came. But his exhaustion had sent my libido to the back of the waiting line. Now he was fresh and rejuvenated, and I no longer wanted him, but needed him. The kettle chose that moment to start whistling, knocking us apart.“Morning to you, too.” Extricating myself from his arms, I went to the stove and removed the kettle. “You drink tea?”Lovello made a face that made me laugh. “Heck, no.”“Well you’re screwed, because I don’t drink coffee, so I don’t have even a coffee-maker.”He rounded the island and sat down on a stool at the breakfast bar, giving me an odd look. What’s he thinking? “That’s okay. OJ will be fine.”I placed a full plate before him, then belatedly asked, “You like your eggs scrambled, right?”“Scrambled or perfectly fried, yes. Boiled or as omelette, no.”As I poured him a glass of orange juice I thought out loud, “What’s wrong with boiled eggs? I absolutely love boiled eggs. It’s the healthiest way to eat them.”He plucked a blueberry in his mouth and shrugged. “I don’t care if it’s healthy, boiled eggs taste disgusting.”I laughed and I dunked a tea bag of Yogi green tea in my mug. Men are so weird. “I’m with you on the omelette, though. It’s scrambled, poached or boiled for me.”“Poached?” Lovello scrunched his face in disgust, pausing mid-chew. “That’s worse than boiled eggs.”I went to sit beside him with my plate, laughing. “Healthy, Pretty Boy, healthy.”“What’s that?”Halting the mug midway to my mouth, I raised a questioning eyebrow. “What’s what?”He flicked his finger at the note dangling alongside my mug while biting into a strawberry.“Oh. These tea bags come with little notes. Kinda like a thought for the day.”Taking the dangling note between his fingers, he read, “The heart sees deeper than the eye.” He raised a brow at me.“What? It’s not my words, it’s the tea bag’s.”“Just think it’s an interesting thought for the day, is all.”Tossing my eyes to the heavens, I sipped at my tea, watching him grinning an odd grin at me. It was good to see that his face had regained its usual spark and brightness. Last night he’d looked horrible.I stared back at him now, thinking about how much I actually liked this man. And then my smile died. The word ‘jealous’ has never been of frequent use in my vocabulary, if at all. Neither was it an emotion I was familiar with. I never had to use it because I never had to be jealous of anyone. With the types of relationships I engaged in, I had control of what my ‘sub’ did. Not even when Zane broke up with me for Tatiana did I ever feel jealous of her. I was just angry at him.But it wasn’t like that with Lovello. He was his own recalcitrant person and I couldn’t tell him what to do. Neither did I feel the compulsion to do so. Especially while I was insisting I wanted nothing more than sex with him. That would be unfair to him. But I couldn’t ignore the sharp sting of jealously I felt when I heard him in the guest room earlier.“What is it, Axia?” Lovello asked when he noticed I’d grown quiet.“What’s what?”“You’ve gone quiet on me.”I forked a mouthful of egg in my mouth and mumbled, “Nothing.”Lovello peered at me over the rim of his glass as he took a sip of his orange juice. “You’re bullshitting. Tell me, what is it?”Setting my fork down, I turned to face him dead on and gave him an austere stare. “Mr. Nelson, you’re free to do whatever you want and whomever you want. But whenever you’re here, please don’t be sneaking into rooms to call your … women. I’m sure you can wait until after you leave to do that.”Pretty Boy Nelson shifted on the stool, tilting his head to the side as he gazed at me in thought, double lines forming between his brows. “What’re you talking about?”“Oh dear God! Please, I’m so not doing this with you: some stupid argument where I confront you and you lie about it as if we’re some lame-ass married couple where I’m a jealous and paranoid wife and you’re a pathological liar!” I shot up from my stool and grabbed my plate of half-eaten food.Why the hell am I so angry? What the hell is going on with me? Yet, though this behavior’s nowhere near my true character, I couldn’t seem to control myself. “This is why I don’t do this shit. I don’t care, Lovello, so there’s no need for you to lie about a stupid phone call. All I’m saying is, have a little respect when you’re here, or don’t freakin’ come around. That’s all.”Having a sudden loss of appetite — and self-control — I dunked the food from my plate in the bin, then tossed the dish in the sink.Lovello was staring at me as if I were a crazy woman, shocked, no doubt, at my uncharacteristic outburst. “Axia, forgive me, but I still don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t see how I could’ve called anyone when I don’t even know where my phone is. I think I left it in the car.” He mused the latter.I folded my arms and shook my head. Did he have a sufferance of extreme short-term memory or was he trying to make me seem like an imbecile? “Lovello Pretty Boy Nelson,” I began in a patient, slow-paced tone. “Where were you and what were you doing within the last half-hour before you came to the kitchen?”“I was upstairs in your guestroo —” he stopped mid-sentence and slapped a palm to his forehead, laughing and wagging his head. “Ah, you must’ve heard me praying and thought … At seven in the morning, Axia? Really?”He prays? This sonuvabitch? “Praying?” I asked in an incredulous tone.Still wagging his head and laughing at me, he stood up from the bar stool and came around the breakfast bar to stand in front of me. “Yes, Axia. Praying. I’ve been up since six this morning to do my daily devotion. Had to dig down the place to find that old Bible you got in high school.”Now I felt like an idiot. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know that you…”“Every morning. Can’t start my day unless I do. Whenever I don’t, my day tends to turn out shitty.” He pulled me in his arms and tilted my chin to look me in the eyes. “I’m not as bad as people say I am. I believe there’s a powerful, benevolent and loving God who’s made me this fortunate. And it’s imperative that I show Him my appreciation and acknowledgment.” A smile tugged at his lips which then formed into a smirk. “So, do you have a problem with me talking to Him whenever I’m here, too?”I narrowed my eyes at him and smacked his chest, feeling too abashed to speak.Chuckling, he lifted me up and set me on the countertop. “You really don’t care whatever or whomever I do?”A burning feeling, other than jealously or anger, made an invasion into my hormones, and it didn’t lend me any inclination to converse. Licking my lips in a wanton-like manner, I pulled the ties of the robe and shoved it down his shoulders. “No. I don’t.”He shook his arms so that the robe fell to the floor, and there he stood, wonderfully, gloriously, deliciously naked before me. Wow. Savior in heaven, the man was beautiful beyond comparison, from head to toe.“So you’re saying you don’t have a problem with me being with someone else other than you?” A deep frown marred his features but I didn’t care, there was only one thing on my mind at that moment.Locking my legs around his waist, I pulled him towards me. “Correct.”I dug my fingers in his shabby hair and pulled his face down to mine, claiming his mouth with desperate need. Lovello smoothed his hands up my thighs, pausing on my ass to squeeze on a moan as he flexed his hips into me — his grand erection already pointing. Trailing his hands up my back, he grasped the hem of my top and pulled it over my head while I dashed feverish kisses everywhere my lips could reach, writhing with impatience. Jeesh, I was addicted to the man.Lowering his head, he took a puckered nipple in his mouth, evoking a drawling moan from me. He was slow and deliberate, taking his time to divide his love between both breasts, groaning as he did, which sent shivers through my veins. By the time his fingers dipped inside my boy-shorts, I was slippery wet. Lovello drew a shaky breath when he realized just how much I needed him. He brought his lips back to mine as his thumb made circles over my bud. When he thrust two fingers inside me, I gripped his biceps and moaned. Loud. Everything about his touch made me wild.His tongue trailed from the base of my neck, up my throat, nipping at my cheeks with small bites, nibbling at my ear, while driving my lower half wild with his expert fingers. Lady Orgasm began crawling towards me with long-nailed fingers, but I didn’t want her to. I wanted this to go on forever. Lovello was the guy. His touch was the touch. His kiss was the kiss. Please, Lady Orgasm, don’t end this yet.“Lift, beauts,” Lovello whispered, pulling his fingers from me.Bracing my hands on the countertop, I lifted my hips so he could pull my boy-shorts off. His slate-grays blazed with concupiscence as they wandered over my nude body. His thick, venous manhood was arrowed directly at my center. Big and frightening, but downright beautiful.Lovello gave a frustrated grunt. “Beauts, I want inside you this instant, but my records are in the car.”Tightening my legs around his waist, I jerked him forward so that his shaft was nudging at my entrance. Hell, I was quivering. “Do I look like I give a shit? Make the grand entrance, Pretty Boy, before I freakin’ explode!”Lovello bit down on his lip to smother a smile, then made a circle of his hips so that his head teased my entrance, causing me to release a miserable moan. Again he did it, not entering but teasing, his eyes illuminated with mischievousness. The man simply enjoyed making me miserable. Again and again, he circled and circled, teasing me into frustration. Just when I was about to yell something nasty at him, he sent himself home.Hard.All. The.Way. Home.“Jesús Cristo!” I cried out, so loud that I heard Timo rushing down the hall, barking in anger. He ran into the kitchen before Lovello could move again, and began baring his teeth at my lover. This was so damn awkward, my dog watching me butt-naked and squirming with Lovello buried deep inside me.“Timo, go,” I said. But Timo rushed to bite Lovello’s ankle and he narrowed his eyes.“If you bite me again, you little piece of shit, I’ll bury you alive,” Lovello gritted out, frustrated that our pleasure time was being disrupted.Timo cowered back, but was still baring his teeth.“Out, Timo. Now!” I yelled. He whimpered, then backed out of the kitchen.“Sonuvabitch bit me this morning,” Lovello said grumpily. “Now where were we? … oh, yeah, right here.” He flexed his hips inward and I mewled instead of defending my dog.His big, powerful size filled me to capacity and I knew I was in for a turbulent, womb-rocking morning, because this time he was in control. And he was making sure I felt all of him.He reared back then lunged forward, knocking another cry from me. Oh God, this was going to be a bumpy ride to Orgasm Land. I lay back on the counter and gripped the edges, bracing myself for the ride that was to start right … about … now. And he was off, hard but steady, painful but pleasurable. The man was on a mission and he was dragging me there with him. As he pounded on and on, breathing incoherent mumblings, beads of sweat sprouted on his forehead and his chest. “You’re … you’re incredibly … tight. Shit, I can’t slow down.”Thirteen months of no sex will do that to a gal. Along with daily repetitions of kegels.The man felt so darn good moving inside me, I felt like I was in my own nirvana riding on the clouds. I wished he would never slow down, I wished he would never stop, because this was unbelievably good. Him possessing my body wholly and completely just felt right.Abruptly, he stopped and pulled out. “Sit up, beauts.”That I did.He grasped my legs and bent them so that they rested firmly on the edge of the counter, then pushed them wide apart. So there I was, sitting wide and open in front of him, panting, while he gazed at me with dark, tempestuous eyes.“Hold onto my shoulders,” he husked.When I did, he nudged his head at my entrance. “Once I’m inside your tightness, Axia, I can’t seem to control myself. So this might be hard and fast. I’ll try to go slow, though, okay?”Harder than before? Swallowing, I nodded.“Ready?”“I’m a big girl, Pretty Boy.” But big enough to manage a big boy? We’ll see …Lovello gave a sigh that said ‘oh well’ and pushed inside me. Not hard, just steady. Slow and firm, as if trying hard to control himself. He pulled back, then steadily pushed forward again. By the third go, he gave a frustrated growl. “Christ! This is what I’m talking about. You and … oh shit…” And with that, he began pounding like a stallion. Hard, fierce, hungry. “I lose all sense of control with you, Axia. You’re too damn sweet.”Ditto.My fingers dug into his flesh as Lady Orgasm fluttered her wings over my head. My veins swelling, my throat drying, my fingertips tingling as the woman of pleasure slowly descended. “Don’t stop, Love. Oh my God, I’m so close!”“Couldn’t … even if … wanted to,” he chewed out through harsh, laboring breaths.And then Lady Orgasm attacked me, sinking her wretched claws into me, gripping me and milking every bit of worked-up pleasure from me. My body convulsing, my inner muscles clenching as I shattered around my lover.A pleasure-ridden Lovello dropped his head and sank his teeth into my shoulder, biting into my flesh. He made one final, powerful thrust and stilled, his wide frame jerking as he made muffled, incomprehensible sounds around my flesh that was trapped between his teeth.Beyond the point of enervation, I tumbled back onto the kitchen counter, taking Lovello with me.When my lungs were oxygenated, I trained my eyes up at the ceiling, grinning like a teenager who’d just lost her virginity to the boy of her dreams. Actually, I felt like one. “You’re a stallion.”Lovello’s shoulders shook as he chuckled. “Only because you feel so good.” Bracing up on his forearms, he kissed the tip of my nose and began fluttering kisses across my face. “I think I like you…”He straightened and pulled my tired body up into a sitting position. My head lolled and dropped on his chest as I emitted a sigh of contentment.“I need to borrow your phone to call Rosa, my housekeeper, and have her bring some clothes over for me.”“Hooray. You looked like Barney in that robe.”“It’s very comfy, actually.” He picked up the robe and shrugged it on in an exaggerated fashion as if he were showcasing an expensive leather jacket in a fashion show, then brought his hands to his hips in a pose and pouted. “How do you like me now?”His ridiculousness had me giggling. “You still look like Barney. There’s no way to ‘sexy up’ that robe.”He took off the robe, rolled it in a ball and tossed it at my laughing face. Pulling me down from the counter in my fit of giggles, he wrapped my arms around his waist and walked us out of the kitchen and into the family room. “You couldn’t possibly have had many friends in high school or college. You’re seriously mean.”“For your information, I was popular in college, thank you very much.” But only because I was Zane’s girlfriend. And because my surname’s printed on guns. I eyed Timo in the corner of the room who was curled around his bone-shaped cushion, watching us with lazy eyes. I felt guilty for neglecting him all morning for a new man.“Must’ve been a really small college in a really small town,” he joked, sprawling us down on the sofa. He reached for my cordless phone from the coffee table and began punching in numbers. “Need to get Rosa to pack a coffee-maker, too,” he mused. “OJ won’t work for me in the morning. I need caffeine to get kicking.”“In the morning?”He lifted the phone to his ear and gave me a daring stare. “Yeah. I’m staying here till tomorrow. Got a problem with that, too?”Staying? The man didn’t even ask me. He was telling me he was staying. Just like that, he barged into my home, strutting around with easy comfort as if he’d lived here all his life, using my stuff without permission and now he was telling me that he was staying. Before I could answer, he started talking down the phone to Rosa, instructing her on all that she should pack. When he ended the call, he looked at me expectantly with a raised eyebrow.“No. I don’t. But, my mother’s flying in today. I promised to prepare her favorite dish, so she’ll be coming over for dinner tonight. Are you a ‘meet the mother’ type of person?” The question sounded stupid the second it left my lips. It was just last week that the man was in my father’s house trying to woo me in front of him.“You have to try harder than that to get rid of me, Axia. I’d love to meet your mother.”I tried another tactic. “I’m one hundred percent sure you won’t like what I’m making for dinner. And I’m not making two separate meals.”“What’re you making?”“Bandeja Paisa.”The corners of his mouth wobbled as he struggled to keep a straight face. “And what does that consist of?”“Well, poached eggs — which you stated you didn’t like earlier — steak, beans, rice, sausage, plantains, pork trotter, avocado…”Unable to maintain a straight face any further, he broke into a grin. “That’s a lot of shit on one plate.” Lowering his body further down into the sofa, he shifted so I was straddling him. “And it also sounds like it’s gonna take a lot of time to prepare. So…” He thrust his hips upward so I could feel his arousal, live and hoisted. “ … I suppose I better have my way with you now before you run off to play Julia Child in the kitchen.”While his hands came up to twist my nipples between his fingers, he continued to thrust his hips upwards so that his shaft glided against my folds, sending me into tailspin. Loving the friction and the rain of pleasure that was showering down on me, I tossed my head back and began moving against his hardness. Hell, just like that he had me starving for more of him.Lovello’s voice came hoarse and thick with desire, “Whenever you’re ready, beauts. I’m all yours.”Just mine. And I was beyond ready. Leaning forward and pressing my palms on his firm chest, I raised my hips and slowly took what was all mine …


XIIII emerged from my bedroom around fifteen past six in the evening, freshly showered and dressed for dinner. My mother had called to notify me she’d be there around six thirty, and was beyond shocked when I told her that Lovello would be joining us. Shocked because I never told her I was seeing anyone, which made her over-curious. My mother, like my father, held the belief that I was never going to ‘move on’ from Zane. It was irritating the way they made all those comments about me being stuck on Zane, for the sole fact that they’d never seen me dating anyone else. I wasn’t stuck on anyone. I just didn’t date. It’s that simple. It had nothing to do with Zane — well, actually, it did. He was the one who’d turned me into an anomalous chick who preferred swinging whips in a dungeon to eating steaks in a fancy restaurant or snuggling up on a sofa listening to the beat of a lover’s heart.I’d finished preparing dinner, but had left frying the plantains for last. I fluffed my ponytail as I sallied to the kitchen, casting a glance over to the family room where Lovello was sprawled on the sofa, engrossed in a program on CNBC called ‘How I Made My Millions’ while nipping on Twizzlers. Timo was curled in a ball on the other end, baring his teeth in hatred at an oblivious Lovello, making it clear that he didn’t like it that this man had been getting all my attention. The fact that he kept his distance, nonetheless, meant he feared Lovello. He must’ve retaliated in some scary way when Timo bit him. Needed to remember to ask him about that.I shook my head at the grown ass man nibbling on Twizzlers like a six–year-old. What on earth did he find enjoyable in that unpalatable nursery crap? Rosa had arrived with his stuff a few hours ago, and he’d immediately attacked the duffel bag to retrieve the Twizzlers and Fruit Roll-Ups. Fruit Roll-Ups! Like, how old was this guy?Once he’d gotten his candy from the bag, he contentedly traipsed out of the kitchen chewing on his Twizzlers like it was nobody’s business, leaving the contents of the bag scattered across the kitchen island. As I’d carried off his stuff to my room and began packing them in places where he could easily locate them, I’d come to the realization that Lovello was a man who liked it when people took care of him. He was untidy and didn’t care to clean up after himself, and that characteristic was the antithesis of me.I’m super organized and absolutely detest a messy place. It was another reminder that trying to work us into anything more than sex partners was an unrealistic goal. Not a chance on earth would this work. I’d go ballistic if I had to deal with this every day. Fortunately, he was only staying one night.Lovello’s cellphone rang just as I was laying sliced plantains down in a skillet. He muted the television and put the phone on speaker so I could hear the conversation. He’d been answering his calls on speaker all day, and I deduced he was doing it on purpose because of my silly accusation this morning. It really wasn’t necessary because I really didn’t care. Did I?“Love, where the hell are you, man? Just went by your place only to find your ass ain’t there,” came a melodic male voice.“By Axia’s,” Lovello answered simply.“Huh? Who the hell is Axia?”“My … uh, lady. Maybe.”The disembodied voice released a great laugh. “You’re shitting me, right? Since when did you give a shit about having a lady? The fuck is this? And you’re at her place?”“What do you want, Trev?” Lovello shot in a perturbed tone.“Kadina’s been bugging my ass about you, man. She keeps blocking my cock whenever I try to get through to her aunt. Some shit ‘bout you being a liar and an asshole. Don’t know what the fuck you did to that dumb bitch, but I wanted you to come with me to Sass tonight, hoping you’d shove your cock in the bitch’s mouth and shut her up so she can keep the hell outta my fucking way. But now I’m curious. Where does your lady live? I’ve got to see this shit.”Lovello peeped his head over the edge of the sofa, sought for me in the kitchen with his eyes, checking for my expression no doubt, and then answered, “Crissida Cove.”The foul-mouthed voice, which I now learned was of his brother, Trevillo, coughed. “My Crissida Cove?”“Is there another?”“Ah, now I see why she’s your lady. She’s older, isn’t she? She’s got to be if she can afford one of my fucked-over priced houses at Crissida Cove. Told you older women are the shit, man. Now I really need to meet her. I’m coming over.”Older woman!“Her mother’s coming over for dinner, Trev. Hold on, lemme check if it’s okay with her first.”Lovello peeped over at me again with a brow raised in question and I shrugged. My mother loved company more than anyone I knew, so it was unlikely that she would have a problem with it.“Green light.”“Great. There better be enough food for me ‘cause I’m fucking starving.”Lovello ended the call and tossed his phone on the coffee table, then got up and padded over to me with his sexy male model gait. In faded blue jeans that were flapped open at the waist revealing a small peek of dark hair, a black, close-fitting Polo shirt, and with his messy hair sticking every which way, he looked like walking sex. He was the definition of everything male; everything dreamy, steamy, heart-meltingly male. Damn. He owned ninety percent of the population of women in this world and didn’t even know it. How? Because there aren’t a lot of women out there who’re strong enough to look upon this man and resist him. If I couldn’t resist him … point made. Just one look, and you’re owned.My knees jellied as he neared me with each step, making me immobile. The gusty look in his eyes, along with the sly grin tugging one side of his mouth, told me that he knew just how affected I was by him at the moment. And he hadn’t even touched me yet.Frozen to the spot in front of the refrigerator, I closed my eyes briefly when he halted in front of me, then took a deep breath and pressed my palms flat on his chest to keep him at a distance. “Lovello, please don’t. My mother will be here any minute now.”He leaned in closer, slowly curving a hand behind me. “Please don’t what, beauts?”His scent of Tom Ford soap and male invaded my nostrils. Real male. “Please don’t touch me. Not now. I can’t manage…”Lovello made three slow, lazy blinks of his eyes while he leaned in closer and closer, then revealed a devilish smile and pulled on the handle of the refrigerator with the hand that he had behind me, causing cool air to rush out around us. “I just came to get a drink, is all,” he whispered, pressing his chest in my face as he leaned further in to take avitamin water from the refrigerator behind me.My face remained buried against the hardness of his chest as he took longer than normal to take the damned bottle of vitamin water out. Finally he closed the door and stood back, unscrewing the cover of the bottle and quaffing half its contents, then wiping his lips with the back of his hand, releasing an “Ah” sound. In slow movements, he replaced the cover on the bottle while giving me an impish grin. “I was really, really, really, thirsty…”He set the bottle down on the countertop and started out of the kitchen. Just when I started to release a calming sigh, he pivoted and pounced on me, pushing me up against the cold stainless steel of the fridge and crashing his lips down on mine, his tongue making a massive invasion of my mouth.Savior …“But apparently the only thing that can quench my thirst, Axia, is you,” he mumbled against my lips, bracing himself against me, his arousal digging into my stomach.As always, I melted, whimpering in his kisses and clawing my fingers through his hair. His lifted my left leg and hooked it around his waist, bracing himself more forcefully against me while emitting faint groans. The minute he started running his hand up between my jeans-clad thighs, the doorbell rang.“Shit,” Lovello grumbled.My lips itched to grumble the same thing, too. I was high on arousal and in dire need of him. When I tried to pull away, Lovello pushed harder against me, grinding me up the fridge. “No,” he muttered.“Love…” I was breathless. “We can’t keep my mother waiting.”Right on cue, the doorbell rang again.Lovello released a frustrated grunt and pushed away from me. “To be continued…”I laughed and tipped up to give him one last kiss. “I’ll be tuning in.”“Just give me a minute to go and calm down this excited boy. I’m afraid your mother might have a heart attack if the first thing she sees is my dick pointing straight at her.”He turned and left, awkwardly adjusting his crotch area in an attempt to abate the big boy. Clearly he had no idea who my mother was to think she’d have a heart attack at the sight of his arousal. The over-sexual woman was more likely to be the one doing the attacking.I swung open the front door, and there stood Seleste D’costa-Blacksille. Her curvaceous, sun-kissed body was poured into a V-cut, leopard mid-thigh dress that had her natural D-cups perching impeccably on her chest. Her coal-dark hair tumbled in waves around her shoulders, her full, bow-shaped lips painted a deep, dark red. Her lashes were lengthened and highlighted by smoky eyeshadow, and her nose was as straight and cute as mine. The woman was, unequivocally, stunning. She didn’t look anywhere near her age and people tended to pass us off as sisters — though her rump was a whole lot bigger than mine. The difference was that she was sensual, and I mean sensual. The way she walked with an exaggerated swing of her hips, the way she talked at a slow lingering pace, the way she dressed in the most provocative apparels and delighted in male attention, was everything opposite to me.“Axia, baby,” she drawled, throwing her hands around me.“Hey, Mom.”She air-kissed my cheeks and pulled away. “You look flushed, are you okay?”Shoot. Damn Lovello for getting me all worked up. “Of course. I’m fine. I’ve just been fluttering about the kitchen all day, that’s all,” I replied, moving aside for her to enter the house.“Dios, yes. My mind has been on that meal all day. Dina can never prepare it the way you do. I need to hire some —” Seleste stopped on a gasp and I turned to see Lovello standing a few feet away from us, looking like his usual Adonis self with a small smile on his face, his eyebrows slightly raised. No doubt surprised at the sight of my mother and her unimaginable curves.“I should have known you were lying, baby,” Seleste said, her eyes glued to Lovello. “You’re the calmest when you’re in the kitchen. This ball-of-orgasm posing as a man is the reason you’re flushed, aren’t you?”Now I was actually flushing. Typical Seleste. “Mom, stop.” Stepping between them both, I made hand gestures. “Love, meet my mother, Seleste D’costa-Blacksille. Mom, this is Lovello Nelson.”Seleste held out her hand and Lovello took it with a lopsided smile. “Nice to meet you, Miss Blacksille.”Seleste shook Lovello’s hand in her usual languorous manner. “Were you born like everyone else or were you hand-fashioned by a group of horny female deities?”Lovello bit down on his lip, a sign that he was grinding down a laugh. “Born like all.”Seleste finally released Lovello’s hand on a dramatic sigh and turned her eyes to me. “Dios mío, Axia. ¿Dónde encontraste este hombre? Es ridículamente hermosa.”She had to tell me in Spanish that Lovello was ridiculously beautiful, when she was already being so blatantly flirtatious? “Mamá, deja de hacer el hombre incómodo. Y no hay nada grave pasando con él y yo. Es sólo diversión. No se habla más en español.”Lovello raised a curious brow at our Spanish exchange, which was of nothing but me warning my Mom to behave.“Okay. Okay.” She turned to Lovello. “It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Nelson.”“Lovello, please. Shall we eat?”Before we could move a step, that doorbell rang.“And that would be Trev,” Lovello squeezed through a smothered smile, clearly enjoying some private joke.I swung open the door to find the handsome face of Trevillo Nelson peering down at me. Trevillo was around the same height as Lovello. He had neatly groomed black hair, dark and fluffy eyelashes with pale blue eyes that sparked with a glint of something wicked. His jaws were high and defined, giving him a sharp-edged look. Neat and sharp, but with a hint of something fiendish. Just like his brothers, he was dangerously handsome. The smile he had on his face disappeared as he stared at me, his eyes narrowing with clear disapproval. He made a bored perusal of my body then shifted his eyes past me and towards Lovello. “She’s pretty and young.” He mumbled a “Hi” in a bored and dismissive tone and pushed past me. “The food better be good.”Standing shocked-still at the door, my mouth agape at this man’s insolence, I glanced at Lovello questioningly. But he only revealed that grin again which said he was enjoying a secret joke and shrugged. “He has a strong aversion to younger women.”“Jesus!” Trevillo exclaimed. “Is this her sister, Love?”Lovello didn’t take his eyes off me when his odd grin widened as he said, “No, Trev. It’s her … mom.”I watched as Trevillo stepped up to my mother, giving a gentle sweep of her hair from her shoulders and trailing his knuckles down the length of her arm. “Good evening, gorgeous. I’m Trevillo. I bet you got a pretty name. What is it?”Seleste, who had already turned up her sensuality a notch, tossed her hair and spoke in her famous seducing tone. “Seleste. SSSeleste with an S.”Inertia had me grounded, and Lovello hadn’t taken his eyes off me the entire time. He just stood there in front of me biting down on his lip, his back turned to Trevillo and Seleste as if he already knew that this was going to happen so he needn’t look. He leaned in to whisper in my ear. “But he has a strong appetite for older, married or divorced women.”Finally having the ability to move, I slammed the door with a loud bang and huffed off into the kitchen. This was gross and appalling. And Trevillo had no manners. This dinner was not going to be good. “Whoa!” Trevillo laughed when I set a large plate of Bandeja Paisa before him, just minutes after we finished our cream of leek soup. “This is a lot of food.”“It is. It’s my favorite dish,” Seleste purred.My mother loved it when I cooked. She wasn’t a kitchen person in the least. I learned all my culinary skills from her sister, my aunt, who’s the head chef at my mother’s top restaurant back in Colombia. Next to fitness, being in the kitchen was something I enjoyed.Lovello had requested I leave the poached eggs off his dish; everything else he was attacking with his fork. The evening seemed to be going well for everyone except me, because Trevillo and my mother were being highly inappropriate and Lovello was enjoying every minute of it.“This is really good,” Trevillo mumbled around a mouthful of food. “I guess you’re not just pretty, then.”Placing my elbows on the table, I leaned over into Trevillo’s face. “I don’t like you. Not one bit.”Trevillo flashed me a wicked grin, looking like the devil’s advocate. “Good. ‘Cause I don’t like you either.”“My Mom’s in love with my Dad.”“I like it that way. Nothing gets me more excited than a little game of hide-and-seek.”Seleste called my name in warning at the same time Lovello called Trevillo’s name in warning. But Trevillo and I sat still, trading death-stares at the other. On his side, it was pure enjoyment. While on my side, I wanted to smack that smug look off his face. Without breaking eye contact with me, he tenderly placed his hand on my mother’s arm and said, “Would you like me to cut that steak for you, Beauty Queen?”Of course, Seleste simpered. This was her. All her. She loved the attention. And now that she was pissed at my father, it was without doubt that she would be seducing Trevillo as equally as he was seducing her. She liked to have fun, but refused to get entangled with anyone because of her undying love for my father. And it was clear that Trevillo steered clear of younger women, and took delight in women who were already tangled in order to avoid commitment.“Axia, no puedo creer que hay dos de estas criaturas divinas,” Seleste directed at me with sparkling eyes.“Tres, realidad,” I muttered. “Pero no se puede dormir con el hermano del hombre que me estoy acostando.”“¿Por qué no?” she retorted. “Usted dijo que no había nada serio entre ustedes dos. Que es sólo por diversión. Nunca des tu corazón a nadie, pero Zane. ¿Por qué no puedo tener un poco de diversión, también?”My mother’s mention of Zane made me shift uncomfortably in my seat. I raised my eyes to find Trevillo glaring daggers at me and then at Lovello who was staring down at his plate, a slight frown creasing between his brows.“Oh for crying out loud, entendemos españoles, Axia,” Trevillo shot at me.Crap …“Seleste says she can’t believe that there’s two of us, and you said no, there’s actually three of us, but that she can’t sleep with the brother of the man you’re sleeping with. She asks why not, since you and Lovello are not serious about each other and your heart belongs to some other dude.” Trevillo shook his head. “Jeez, can you really look at us and think we don’t understand a common fucking language like Spanish? We speak seven different languages, silly girl.”This man was detestable! My disdain for him was growing vaster by the minute. He’s just so … blatant and impertinent.Instantly, I could hear Romaine’s voice laughing in my head and saying ‘you’ve met your match, hermana.’Only because I hated this man so much, I chose to play this off Axia-style. “And your point, Assface?”He heaved a breath to retort but Lovello halted him. “Chill, Trev. It’s what she said it is: Just fun.”Trevillo gave me a true glower now, which meant that earlier he was just messing with me when he said he didn’t like me either. But now, this glower told me I was on his shit list. Oh well, he’d been on mine since he’d dismissed me with bored eyes at my door.He leaned over to Seleste, who didn’t seem to care that her loose lips had caused potential problems with me and Lovello, and had also led Trevillo to think that I was playing his brother. “So, Seleste, what do you do? Are you a trophy wife?”My mother gave her known take-me-to-bed sigh and I rolled my eyes. “No. I’m divorced, actually. But I still bear my ex-husband’s name. I own a chain of restaurants back in Colombia. I’m just here for a little while to visit my kids…”Morbidly irritated, I tuned them out, and shifted my eyes to an expressionless Lovello who was sitting calm and collected beside me, devouring almost everything from his plate. I, unfortunately, had lost my appetite. This was not the evening I had anticipated. And I was hoping Lovello wasn’t affected by any of the inane bickering, because I was eagerly looking forward to a night of thorough and complete bed-romping. Hell, just thinking about having his huge head pressing inside me had me squirming under the table.The impetuous heat that attacked my core had me squeezing Lovello’s arm unconsciously. He needed only to look at me once to know what was going on with me. Noting my need, his lips twitched with a smile. A fiendish smile. He dipped his hand beneath the tablecloth and cupped me with such aggression that an unexpected gasp flew from me. My eyes shot across the table, but Seleste and Trevillo were too caught up in each other to notice us.Lovello leaned in and bit down on my ear lobe while dragging my hand under the table and over to his crotch. His erection was as hard as steel, heat seeping through the thickness of his jeans and into my pores. “All you have to do is look at me and this happens, Axia.” He bit down harder on my ear lobe. “Listen, and listen good: I don’t give a shit who your heart belongs to. Your body belongs to me. And that…” he circled his tongue around to the sensitive part behind my ear, “ … you can’t deny. Am I wrong, beauts?”My eyelids fluttered like butterfly wings, closing down like window shutters as I bit down hard on my bottom lip to stifle a moan. “No.”Lovello trailed his tongue down the side of my neck. “Your body belongs to who, Axia?”Jesus, I’m melting … “You.”“Only?”And now I’m a puddle … “You.”“Who else can make your bones dissolve just by breathing on you, Axia?”“No one. Just y-you.”“Just … ?”“You.”Trevillo harrumphed as a probable reminder that we weren’t alone in the room, and I tried to open my eyes but my brain wasn’t accepting the command, it was completely consumed with lust. Lovello didn’t even budge. He continued nibbling on my neck and ear as if no one was there.Trevillo’s voice mumbled something and then I heard the scraping of a chair against the floor tiles. But I didn’t care to open my eyes or say goodbye to anyone. Lovello had me in a trance. A spell that couldn’t be reversed. It was unreal.I heard mumblings from Seleste and Trevillo, and then Lovello telling them to lock the door on their way out. Sounds of feet clicking away on the floor tiles. The door closing.And then Lovello’s hands left me bereft to shove the dishes to one side of the table, then tossed me up on it. He rid me of my slippers, then my jeans and then my panties.“A continuation,” he growled. And like a starved animal, he was there between my legs, having me for dessert.Slithering like a snake at the intense pleasure he was giving me, my arms flailed about, knocking the crockery off the table and sending it crashing to the floor. My head thrashed from side to side as my lungs overworked on filling the room with echoes of incomprehensible jabberings.“See what I can do to you, Axia?” Lovello hissed between licks. “I can make you lose control … Lose control … .couldn’t even say goodbye … to your own mother.” He plunged two fingers deep inside me, then sucked hard on my bud.“Holy, holy, holy shitttt!!!” I screamed.The fiend was purposely being wild. Driving me insane. Driving me to a place I’d never been before. Making me scream like I’d never screamed before. And I knew, without a doubt, that I was about to come like I’d never come before.“I hope she saw … that this between us isn’t just fun. That I own you!” Hard and fast, he began plunging his fingers in and out. “Don’t I own you, Axia?”Mierda. He was affected by the bickering. And this was his way of proving a point. “Yes! Yes you do.”A wicked laugh sounded from his throat. “I know I do. Because now, I’m going to tell you to come, and you’re gonna come. All over my tongue, baby. All over my tongue.”He lapped his tongue back and forth, around and around, driving me up the table. With one strong hand he hauled my wriggling body back in place, lapping continuously at me. Then he took my bud between his thumb and forefinger, squeezing tight. Instantly my legs started shaking so hard I could barely feel them. “You will come now, Axia … in three, two…” and on ‘one’, his mouth covered my bud and with one hard pull, I exploded like a firebomb. Just like that. Flattering about the table like a fish caught on a bait. A string of garbled words pouring from my lips without end.The aftershocks had scarcely left my body when Lovello whispered, “Take what you own now, baby” and yanked me down on his waiting erection …


XIV“Don’t piss me off, Trudy. I said fifty!”Trudy made an exaggerated moan, rubbing her hands over her stomach like a woman in labor. “My abs feel sore, Axia. I made it to thirty-nine. Can’t I just —”“No. Eleven more.”Tish’s laugh sounded behind me as she entered the workout room. “She’s tryna see how much she can get away with. Seeing how blasé you’ve been about everything all week.”Trudy made a face at Tish and wordlessly resumed her sit-up reps.It was a fresh Thursday morning and I was feeling more contented than ever. Don’t ask me why, because I wouldn’t admit that it was because of Lovello. Of course it wasn’t. The untidy bastard hasn’t slept at his own house ever since he entered mine two Saturdays ago. Without permission, he’d taken my spare key from the key rack and slipped it onto his keyring.When I was leaving for work in the mornings, it was usually around that time that his alarm started bellowing for his daily devotion. And by the time I got back home at night, most of the time he was already there, fresh from his workout in my basement gym, and either working on his laptop or watching CNBC.His growing pile of clothes had started eating up the space in my closet so much that I had to relocate them in the walk-in closet upstairs. His wristwatch, aviators and wallet could always be found tossed carelessly onto the kitchen counter, while the clothes he wore for the day were scattered in various parts of the house. The man was like a mini-tornado. Not even Timo made mess as much as he did. I’d leave the house spick and span in the mornings and come home in the evenings to a littered mess. Especially if he attempted at helping himself in the kitchen.Yet for some baffling reason, I wasn’t irritated, but blithe. Everything between us felt natural, there was no awkwardness. In truth, cleaning up after him wasn’t a bother. I felt like I’d been doing it forever, as if we’d known each other all our lives. That I enjoyed him being around and all up in my space made me panic sometimes, wondering what the heck was going on with me. But for the most part, it felt right.There was no way to understand why a young, good-looking billionaire like Lovello Nelson would prefer to be around an intemperate witch like me, rather than being single and free in his bachelor pad. But hey, I wasn’t complaining. Not at all. Not with all the crazy monkey-sex we’d been having! Just last night I was partly nude in only my bra and lace panties, bent over on my knees trying to reach for Timo’s rawhide from under the couch, when I heard the front door open and close. Lovello had gone drinking with Natalio and Trevillo, so I knew it was him returning.Excited that he was back, I started to get up from my position but Lovello’s voice shouted at me like I’d committed a crime. “Don’t you dare move, Axia. Jesus Christ. Don’t you dare move!” And then there was the sound of keys hitting the floor, shoes skittering across the tiles, pants dropping with a mild thud, and before I knew it, my panties were yanked aside and he was inside me …“You’re doing it again,” Trudy sang, hauling me from my pleasant thoughts.“Doing what?”Coming back to the present, I turned my attention back to Trudy who was sitting up on the workout mat with her hands resting casually on her knees while Tish massaged her shoulders. On a raised brow, I cocked my head to the side and nailed Tish with a what-the-hell-are-you-doing glare. She dropped her hands immediately then mumbled something about checking emails and scuttled out of the room.Trudy watched Tish’s retreating form as she answered me. “You’re zoning out again. You’ve been doing it for the past two weeks. You get this girly look on your face and then you just zone out. Not at all like you.” When Tish was completely out of sight, she finally turned her gaze to me. “Where’s Axia? Because this person standing in front of me is an impostor.”“I haven’t a clue what you’re talking about ‘zoning out’. I’m still me.” I raised a censorious brow at her and scolded, “You know that if you continue to allow Tish to do stuff like that, she’s only going to think you’re interested in her crazy lesbian world.”Trudy averted her eyes to the doorway. “She knows I’m not into all that, Axia.”“Stop encouraging her, then. Can’t say I didn’t warn you.”Trudy trained her eyes on her floor, chewing on her bottom lip as she was wont to do whenever she was mulling over something in her head. She opened her mouth as if to say something, then closed it. Opened it again, then closed it. I wished she would just spit out whatever the hell was bothering her. She shook her head slightly as if deciding against a thought, then lowered her slender frame back down on the workout mat and fixed her eyes on me. “We were talking about you. What’s up with your ‘it’s-all-good’ attitude lately? And, sweet Lord, what’s up with all those bite marks on your arms?”A smile spread across my face as I regarded my arms. Teeth marks, some fresh, some fading, were scattered about my arms. There was nothing attractive about them to the public eye, and they should most definitely be covered up, but sometimes I got dressed in sleeveless tops, forgetting that they were there until someone asked about them. I wasn’t abashed to admit that I absolutely loved it when he bit me. But I was afraid he might eventually start biting me hard enough to leave scars. So we needed to work something out about his biting fetish. Maybe I could buy him a leather ball or something to shove in his mouth whenever he was climaxing. “Your boss bites when he comes.”“Savage!”I sank down to the floor beside her, lying side-by-side, arms folded behind our heads. “That he is. I thought I told you the man’s like a stallion.”“You did.” Trudy turned her face to me, staring at me for a minute too long. A strange look swirling in the blue depths of her eyes, her cherry-red lips parted slightly. Then she laughed nervously. “I hear he’s got a frickin’ anaconda in his pants. Is it true?”I burst out laughing. “Anaconda is quite right!” But then I frowned at a thought. “You heard that from whom?”Trudy shifted her eyes to the ceiling. “Carla.”“I thought you said Carla never slept with him?”“She hasn’t. But she was there when he was banging the brains out of one of the McKel sisters a couple of weeks ago.”“Weeks ago? When exactly?”“On the same Tuesday he’d returned from Los Angeles.”That was after my photo shoot. After the bike show. After he touched me. After his cold exit the Sunday morning. Hell, after he touched me. He screwed someone else after he touched me. “I thought you said he’d never left the building since his return that week. That he’d been refreshing Tellit.”“He hadn’t. But that Tuesday he had gone straight from the airport and into a meeting with the McKels.”“Who the hell are the McKel sisters anyway?” My voice came out a bit harsher than I wanted it to.“Typical you to not watch the news, Axia.” Trudy rolled her eyes. “McKel Security software company? You’re not familiar with them? The building’s just a few blocks away from Coded Solutions.”“Oh. Yeah, I know that company.”“Well, the proprietor, Michael McKel, died of stroke a month ago. He left the company to his two clueless, materialistic daughters who don’t know their asses from their elbows. He had a nephew who’d been by his side and knows absolutely everything one needed to know about the business, staff and all. You would’ve thought he’d leave the business to his nephew, right? Nope the idiot left the business to his two imbecilic daughters, who have been running around the business in pink pencil skirts and platinum blonde hairdos with poodle puppies in Louis Vuitton bags, as they try to play boss. It’s been all over the news. Apparently all the employees have already started sending out applications to other places in preparation for the inevitable crash of the company.” Trudy sighed. “The smartest thing they’ve done yet is taking the advice of their father’s adviser. He advised them to ally with MEU, Lovello’s software company.” She snorted. “Nelson had been outraged by the stupidity of Michael McKel from the very beginning, and when he was approached about alliance, he merely laughed. He went into the meeting with his intimidating self and took advantage of the situation, making only one offer, and that was to buy seventy percent of their business in shares. Knowing that this meant the business would be his, the McKels’ lawyers tried to advise them against it. But the two Barbie dolls were so caught up in Lovello’s charm that they agreed, the older sister keener about it than the other. Everyone’s overjoyed about Nelson’s takeover.” Trudy laughed. “But Nelson doesn’t really give a shit about their company. Carla says he plans on selling half of his shares to McKel’s nephew and putting him in to run the business. That’s the whole reason why he bought into the company: to help the nephew. Apparently his parents died in a car accident and McKel was the only person he had left. Yet McKel left nothing for him.”“That’s all very sweet, Trudy. And boring. Once again, you’ve dragged me through another boring business tale that I don’t give two cents about. What does all this have to do with Lovello screwing a sister?”Trudy laughed out. “How can you be sleeping with a man high and mighty in the business world and not care to know what’s happening?”God, was she going to tell me or not? “Trudy!”“Okay, okay,” she said, laughing at my frustration. “It was after the meeting. Carla told me that the older sister had been all over Nelson in the meeting. Nodding in agreement to everything he said even when it was clear she had no idea what was being said. When the meeting ended, the older sister insisted that she had a word with Nelson. Of course, everybody knew what that ‘word’ would be. When everyone was filing out, Carla said she’d hurried off to the bathroom, hasting to finish so she could leave them to their ‘word having’. But it seemed the McKel sister hadn’t realized that Carla was in the bathroom, because as soon as the others were out the room, McKel attacked Nelson. Carla cracked the bathroom door to see what the hell was going on.“Nelson had been in a shitty mood that day, she told me, and he was trying to get the girl to back off, tossing her aside and then making his way out. But the girl was shamelessly persistent, even taking out her own condom. So Nelson finally grabbed her and bent her over the conference table and began nailing her from behind like a wild ox. Carla said she’d never heard a woman scream that loud in all her life. Nelson was ruthless and the chick was all but shedding tears. On and on for around fifteen minutes without pause. Until Nelson gave a frustrated grunt and said, “Damn girl, I can’t even come“, then spun her around and pushed her head down on his cock and said, “Blow me. Maybe your mouth’s better?” Carla said —”“Stop!” No more. I honestly couldn’t listen to any more. My head was spinning and my chest felt vacant. This was not a feeling I was familiar with. It wasn’t jealously, but something worse. It was also a feeling that I had no business feeling, because I wasn’t supposed to care whatever or whomever he did. I wasn’t supposed to care. Axia Blacksille was not supposed to care! Yet, I felt as if I’d been trampled on by an elephant.Trudy was in a fit of laughter beside me, oblivious to the internal damage her little story had caused. “But I haven’t even got to the fun part —”“I don’t wanna hear it, Trudy.”“Okay, lemme just fast-forward to the end, then,” she hiccuped. “Carla said that after Nelson was done and McKel sat on her heels before him with his sperm all over her face, that she was wondering how the hell she was going to get out of the bathroom without them knowing that she’d seen everything. She said she nearly jumped out of her skin when Nelson called out, “Carla, get out of the goddamn bathroom so the woman can clean herself up!““ Trudy howled in another fit of laughter, then began sucking on her water bottle to quell her hiccups.“Jesus, he’s horrible,” I whispered unconsciously.“That’s Nelson for ya. It’s a good thing you’re just as much a bitch as he’s a dog.” Trudy carried on with her laughing, but when she realized that I sat inert, not a trace of humor on my face, her eyes widened. “Oh no. Oh no. Oh no!! No, Axia. No. Don’t tell me that you’re falling for him? No. Not Lovello Nelson.”When I didn’t answer, she shot up to her feet, her eyes bulging from her head. “Axia, are you freakin’ insane? Nelson is not the kinda guy you fall for. He’s the kinda guy you screw and then piss off with! You fuck guys like him only because he’s hot and sexy and stinking rich. And what girl doesn’t want to be screwed by a hot billionaire? But falling for…” Trudy trailed off on a hefty sigh and began pacing the room. “Where’s my friend? Where’s Axia Victoria Blacksille? My strong, confident, sensible best friend? Where is she?!”I’d never seen Trudy this worked up. It was also strange the way she was making a big deal out of nothing. Of course I wasn’t falling for the guy, I was just shocked … and disappointed … and hurt. I’d grown attached to him, yes. I’d grown used to having him around, yes. I was utterly and completely addicted to him, yes. But was I falling for him? No.Stomaching the thought of him touching or having sex with someone else was something I couldn’t do, that’s all. When it was just a thought, I hadn’t a problem with it. He’d asked me repeatedly and I’d told him no. That I didn’t care. But now, hearing it, having a vivid picture painted before my eyes sent me into the depths of a dark, dry well. The feeling that was stabbing in my chest wasn’t one I could comprehend or name. It was awful. “Trudy, calm down. I’m not falling for anyone.”“Like hell you’re not! Look at your face. You look as if you’ve just seen a ghost!”Reaching for my true self, I stood up and pinned her with one of my no-nonsense glares. “Trudy, I said, calm.the.hell.down.”She sighed and walked up to me, taking my hands in hers and bringing them to her cheeks, closing her eyes on another sigh. The woman was seriously overreacting. It was baffling. “Don’t fall in love with him, Axia. Don’t. I don’t want you to get hurt. I absolutely adore my boss, but I’d rather you go back to Zane and all his kinkiness than be with Nelson. He’s a complete dick with women.”The man who Trudy had always been describing to me was nowhere near the man who resided in my home. Lovello was sweet with me. Tender, caring, and open about his feelings. Wasn’t closed off as if he had something to hide. Liked to cuddle, liked comfort, loved making me come. I was confounded. “Don’t worry, Trudy. I won’t.”She dropped my hands and picked up her water bottle. “You better not. ‘Cause if you do, I guarantee I’m gonna be dragging your ass out of a shit-mire in the end.”Even though I tried, I was unable to complete my day at work after hearing Trudy’s morbid tale. So I’d canceled my classes around three o’clock, left Tish in charge and fled the gym. I headed straight home and changed into my bikini, ran out to my backyard and dove off into the swimming pool. Swimming was one of my best ways to ease tension. Some people drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes, I swim for hours. Ask me what the hell I was tense about, and I still wouldn’t have been able to explain. All I knew was that I wasn’t myself anymore. No longer a woman. I’d become a girl. A sappier girl than I’d been with Zane.To think I’d reconstructed myself, post-Zane, as a firm bastion, with high impenetrable walls. Never needing anyone. Never feeling for anyone. Never caring two cents about anyone but myself. But then came Mr. Lovello Nelson like a giant Wrecking Ball, breaking down my walls. Crash. Crash. Crash. Each day a piece of my wall crumbles. And I was allowing it. Unbelievably so, I was allowing it. I never objected to his gradual move in. I never objected to his taking his own key. I never objected to his browsing through my cellphone and emails. I never objected to anything he did because it felt too natural to object. Nothing about it felt wrong. Nothing about him felt wrong. Everything felt right.But reality was starting to kick in and I needed to put a cap on the lid before everything crashed in, leaving a thick cloud of dust behind that would take a while to dissipate for one to see clearly again. Feelings were not supposed to be involved in our fun. Yet they were.Night had fallen and I was sitting in my jacuzzi, eyes closed and head back, feeling tons better than I did a few hours ago. That’s just what I needed, a few hours of slowing down. I’d been going too fast. Speeding straight ahead, disregarding all the road rules with music on high blast to drown out all rational thoughts. And now I was braking to a screeching halt.Enough peace and placidity had seeped through my pores by then, so I was pretty sure I could face Lovello without remembering Trudy’s tale. I was back to being a woman again. A woman who didn’t care what or who her … fuck mate did. No longer a girl. Yes, that’s it, I didn’t care.“What did I do?”At the voice, my eyes snapped open. Lovello was standing over me at the edge of the jacuzzi, hands in pockets and looking as beautiful as always. His suit jacket and tie were missing and the cuffs of his shirt were loosened. His face was expressionless, apart from a slight frown line between his brow.“I don’t know. What did you do?” I replied with a fake smile. The peace and tranquility I’d soaked up over the hours just leaked right back out through a huge gap that I hadn’t realized was there.Lovello stooped down to level his eyes with mine as he dipped an idle finger in the bubbling water. “This morning I saw lamb chops in the fridge that you pre-seasoned for dinner. Been anticipating it all day. I get here, and nothing’s cooked. You always cook. Every single day. So, Axia, what did I do?”On a scoff, I grabbed my towel and stepped out of the jacuzzi. “Dinner’s been on your mind all day and yet you’re here a heck of a lot later than usual.”I attempted to walk by him but he grabbed my arm and kept me in front of him.“I texted you and told you I was going be late this evening.”Yeah, but why are you late? Some other office fuck?Woman, Axia. Remember. You’re a woman, not a girl. No whining.I slapped a smile on my face again. “Love, you didn’t do anything. I’m just tired, that’s all. Sorry. Never saw the message.”“Axia,” he began in a patient tone. “Your smile is fake. Your eyes are distant. Your calm demeanor is strained. And your left pinky-finger is twitching, just like it always does when you’re trying to restrain your anger.”Holy hell, I needed to get away from this man. He was beginning to read me like a book. This was dangerous. This was trouble. This had to end. Immediately.When I wrung my hand away from his grasp, he didn’t fight me. I flounced off into the house leaving him staring after me. I couldn’t do this. I couldn’t. We’d barely been together a month and already we were sounding like a jaded married couple. What the hell? No way. This had to stop.Tightening my towel around my waist, I busied myself, pouring food into Timo’s already full bowl, and fixing what wasn’t messy in his lair. I went into the kitchen to find Lovello sitting at the breakfast bar with his head in his hands. Sensing my presence, he raised his head and looked at me with impassivity. “Axia, will you please tell me what you’re upset with me about?”Avoiding him, I went to the fridge to fetch a Snapple. I downed it all in one drink and then turned to face him, my mouth speaking of its own volition. “After you touched me.”Lovello’s face twisted in confusion. “Huh?”“I let you seduce me in L.A. I let you touch me, kiss me, have your way with me.” Jesus, I sounded like a stupid, whiny bitch. “And just days later, you’re bending someone else over a table.” Shut up, Axia! You sound like a blasted idiot. “After you touched me.”Lovello’s eyes drifted to the ceiling in thought, and I could see him connecting the dots: Carla to Trudy, Trudy to me, me to Vexation. “Axia, that was —”“You don’t need to explain. I don’t care. Really, I don’t. I was just —”“Will you just shut up?! Just shut the hell up and stop saying that!” he yelled. “It’s goddamn obvious you care!”I reared back my hand with the empty Snapple bottle and pelted it at him, but he timely ducked and the bottle went smashing into splinters against the wall. “Don’t you dare raise your voice at me, you promiscuous piece of shit!!”“Christ, Axia. I’m sorry,” he said in a placatory voice. “I didn’t mean to. I just wish you’d stop saying stuff like that.”That he didn’t try to touch me in any way was appreciated. Because if he did, it would be my undoing, angry as I was. And I didn’t need to be distracted from reality right now.“Listen, Axia. That Sunday in L.A., you pissed me off. When I left, I’d left you for good. I didn’t plan on seeing or pursuing you again. I was monumentally pissed off. I thought you’d realized that. That’s why I was surprised when you showed up in my office. I thought you were done with me, too. My mood had been in the bitters for the entire time after that Sunday … until you came to me.” He got up and came around the counter to stand in front of me. Thankfully, he kept his hands to himself. “That girl … she was a damn plague. Hard to shake. But I promise you, Axia, I haven’t been with anyone but you since you appeared in my office. I swear.”“Then why were you out late this evening?”“My father. He called a family meeting. I went straight there from work and then here.”My stupid actions, my stupid questions, my stupid feelings were irritating the shit out of me. It’s as if I had no control over my own self. Never, in all my life, had I been this feeble. My anger was now directed at myself for showing such weakness. This whole thing was just ridiculous. Sidestepping him, I went to other end of the room and busied myself, cleaning up the shards of the shattered bottle. “We need to take a break, Love.”“What do you mean?” His footsteps started in my direction but I remained crouched with my back to him as I picked up the broken pieces of glass. I didn’t want to see those beguiling slate-grays staring back at me. It would weaken me further.“We need to take a break. This is going too fast. Just like your fast cars and bikes, this thing that we have going on between us is taking off with too great a speed. We need a break.”Lovello’s expensive black leather shoes appeared in the periphery of my vision, his tall frame towering over me, making me feel inferior. “And what do you define ‘this thing that we have going on between us’ as, Axia?” The man was eerily calm.Still avoiding his eyes, I straightened up from the floor and went to dump the shards in the trash bin, then grabbed the dustpan to sweep up the splinters. “It’s nothing. It was supposed to be nothing. I don’t want it to be anything more than what it is. And it is quickly growing into this ‘thing’ where we are having arguments like ‘why are you coming home late this evening?’.” The dustpan clattered on the floor as I aggressively swept up the splinters. “For Christ’s sake, Love, we’re young. We should just be having casual fun. We don’t need to be having these arguments that lame-ass people in real relationships do. You’re twenty-eight, personable and filthy rich! You shouldn’t be coming here straight from work like a dutiful, bald-headed, pot-bellied husband who’s only attractive in his wife’s eyes.” I emptied the splinters from the dustbin in the trash bin. “What a hot, young, wealthy and wanted guy like you should be doing is taking home hot twins, sexy best friends, video vixens, girls with fake tits and round asses to your bachelor pad every evening after work, and have them lick you from your cock head to your asshole. Feeding you grapes and sucking your toes. What the hell are you doing here? Answering my inane questions and giving explanations? C’mon, Pretty Boy, you don’t really want this.”Lovello grasped my arm, stopping me from fluttering around the kitchen like a madwoman. “So you’re saying we don’t have a relationship?”“No, we don’t. And I don’t want us to have one. I don’t want to care about you or anything you do.”“I thought we’d agreed to try.” Lovello was strangely calm and sounded quasi-sarcastic in tone. His entire stance, face and eyes were impassive, which made it impossible to read how he was feeling towards all this. Was this what he wanted, too? To take a break? His attitude sure seemed like it.“Well, I changed my damn mind!”He placed firm hands on my shoulders to keep me still. “Look at me, Axia.”Finding a modicum of my waning strength, I did. His impenetrable eyes were a darker gray than usual, the streaks of blue almost imperceptible. Three-days-old stubble shadowed his face, and his neglected hair had grown a bit too long, hanging recklessly over his right eye. He’d been saying all week that he needed to get a haircut but kept forgetting. The man was noxiously beautiful, and it took every bit of fight in me not to grab his face and suck all the air from his lungs.“Is that really what you want, Axia? For us to take a break?” A small, jeering smile capered on his lips. He looked almost sinisterly.My tongue fought not to form the word, but I managed to squeeze it out. “Yes.”Lovello released his hold on me and gave a short laugh that had no connection with humor. “No.”The word was round, firm and was left floating in the air long after it had been said.“What do you mean, no?”He turned and stalked into the living room with long, cool strides and retrieved his suit jacket from where it was tossed over the arm of the sofa. “Axia, I’m sorry for just barging in on you like this. Not really asking or discussing, but just doing instead. I’m sorry, but it just felt natural, easy and … right. I’m sorry if I got carried away with making myself too comfortable and frequent in your space. I can swear on my life, along with the testimonies of everyone who knows me well, that this is not me. It’s not my style. But I can’t seem to control myself. Better yet, I don’t want to control myself. I like being around you, I like being with you, I like breathing your air.” He shrugged on his jacket with easy leisure and scooped up his car keys from the coffee table. “I’ll stop habituating myself at your place and give you your space. I’ll try to come here as little time in a week as I can manage or you can just come to my place. But there’s no way in hell we’re taking no goddamn break. You’ve got to be shittin’ me.”He walked up to me with his male model gait as he brushed back the mess of hair that was flopping over his eye, but it only fell right back in his face. Dios, I wanted to lick him all over like a lion. “You don’t get to say if we take a break or not. I allow you to control a lot of things between us because I realize you need control. That’s just you. And I let you be you. So I’m gonna let you do your thing and kick me out of your house. Women tend to feel this sense of power and independence when they are allowed the capacity to play tough. So I’ll allow you that power. That’s another energy bar for you. Start chewing.” — Holy hell, where was my sweet, charming Lovello? — “However, where this re-la-tion-ship goes or doesn’t go is not up to you, baby. I can be the sweetest guy on earth for you — every woman’s dream. I can also be cruel, controlling, reckless and insensitive — every woman’s worst nightmare. And I can be both in one — a neat little combo. So take your pick of me, Axia: rare, medium rare, or well done? Either way, you’re going to have me and I’m going to have you.”He grabbed my face with one hand, holding my jaws locked in place as he crashed his mouth down on mine, assaulting my mouth with his aggressive tongue. He held my face so hard that I could hardly return his kiss. Ripping his mouth away, he brought his lips around to my ear, biting on the lobe just like he always does, then whispered in my ear like a serpent. “You know all too well that I can take back all the power I’ve given you, Axia. Remember who owns you.”He pulled away from me, stalked off towards the door, wrenched it open then glanced back at me over his shoulder. “I haven’t gotten the lamb chop I’d been anticipating. So I’m gonna be stopping by Sadie and Natalio’s to get some home-cooked meal and then head on home. I’ll call when I do. Be sure to answer.” And with that, he was gone.My knees wobbled and I fell to the ground in a crumpled heap.Holy Mother of Moses. What the fuck just happened?


XVThe next morning I woke up feeling void. Something was missing. There were no warm, muscled arms wrapped around me. No hard, masculine frame spooning me. No soft breathing on my neck. No hands pulling me back when I tried to get out of bed. No nothing. It was just me in the center of my California King on my Egyptian cotton covers. For the first time in what felt like an eternity, I was immersed in that dreadful thing called loneliness. The piteous feeling wasn’t one I was willing to embrace. It made me feel empty and useless, as if I were just a space blending in with space. Which meant I didn’t really exist.I missed him. I needed him. I cared.There, I said it, shoot me!The energy to go to work wasn’t there, and as I sat at the breakfast bar eating Honey Bunches of Oats for breakfast that morning, I decided against going to the gym until noon. I would stay home and find cleaning or something to do until some semblance of life came back to me.Lovello had phoned last night like he said he would. But I’d ignored the call because I could control myself when he wasn’t in my presence, and that was my way of telling him that he had no effect on me with distance, so I didn’t have to answer. It seemed he’d known that I wouldn’t answer, for he’d only rang me once, followed promptly by a text message “LOL“. Oh, the imp! Everything was all fun and games to him while I was an emotional wreck.Finishing up my cereal, I washed the bowl and set it to drain, then phoned Tish to have her open the gym for me and schedule Meredith to instruct my morning classes. All simple, mechanical gestures that didn’t take much energy.I plugged my iPod to the integrated music system and browsed through my playlists, wondering whose music might grant me a jolly morning. Ah, Beyoncé. I selected my Beyoncé playlist and started swaying as Scared of Lonely flowed through the system throughout the house. Pirouetting away (yep, I do shit like that when no one’s watching), I decided I’d start with the bathroom first. I pulled on my cleaning gloves and went straight to work.It was some thirty minutes later while I was moving on to the vanity that I caught a glimpse of something shiny in the bottom of the toilet. Stepping back, I crooked my neck to see what it was. It looked like a piece of jewelry. I made a quick trip to the kitchen to grab a hook from beneath the sink and then tried fetching the piece of jewelry from the toilet. When the hook finally caught hold of the jewelry and I fished it out, all I could do was shake my head.The jewelry was the Cartier necklace that Zane had sent me in Los Angeles. Finding the necklace in the toilet only pointed to one person: Lovello. He found it and tried to flush it. Was he serious? The man had the temerity to come into my house and flush my jewelry. Who the hell did he think he was?After cleaning and drying the necklace that I was pretty sure cost Zane a couple of thousand, I returned it to my jewelry box. Lovello was starting to take the piss now. Yet, as angry as I was at the moment, I had the nerve to contemplate if I should be mad and confront him about it. My anger from yesterday was yet to abate, and this necklace thing would be an additional reason for me to malice him. So, I decided on checking back with my tangled mess of emotions in a few hours and resumed scouring.An hour later, I was in my bedroom changing the bedcovers that were bathed in Lovello’s scent for fresh ones that held no memories of him. Singing along to Beyoncé’s Poison, I noticed my cellphone dancing across the nightstand, about to slide over the edge. I launched at the nightstand and caught the phone just before it fell to the ground, and answered.“Where are you?” Lovello’s worried voice snapped on the other end. Damn me for not checking the caller ID. I was in no frame of mind to talk to this man.“What do you want?” I all but growled at him.“Axia, don’t take that tone with me. Where are you?”“Why?”“Because I’ve been calling you all morning to no avail. Just passed by your gym and you weren’t there. Where are you?”Sensing the concern in his voice, I sighed and flopped back supine on the floor. Timo came bounding towards me and leaped onto my stomach. He was always watching out to see when I would assume his favorite position so he could cuddle on my belly. I knuckled his head just the way he liked it as I breathed “Home,” down the phone in answer to Lovello’s question.He released a sigh of his own. “Why? Don’t you have classes?”“Yes. But I didn’t feel like going to work. I’m my own woman and I do my own thing. So stop with the damn questions!”Lovello chuckled. “So, what are you at home doing? Playing with that tight little pet for lack of loving last night? Hmmmmm?”“I don’t have to pleasure myself. I know exactly where to —” I stopped myself, knowing that talk like that always pissed him off. But then, he should be pissed off. I was tremendously pissed off; it was only fair that he was pissed off, too. Yet deep down, I knew I didn’t want him to walk away from me again like he did in L.A. “I’m cleaning. Just finished with the master bathroom and on to the bedroom now.”When he spoke again, the good humor he’d had in his voice was gone. It seemed that even though I hadn’t completed the sentence, I’d still managed to irk him. “Cleaning? Why are you cleaning?”“What kind of stupid ass question is that? I’m cleaning because the house needs to be cleaned.”“That’s not what I meant. Why are you cleaning? Don’t you have a housekeeper or something?”Is this guy for real? The man had been living in my home for over two weeks and he’d never once seen a housekeeper here. Now wasn’t that question stupid? “No, Lovello, I don’t have a housekeeper and I don’t need one. I live alone and can take care of myself. I’m not inept or handicapped.”Lovello made an exasperated sound. “Axia, you’re too beautiful and delicate to be scrubbing tiles and scouring toilets. Your hands should always remain soft and callus-free. I’m gonna call Rosa’s agency and have someone assigned to your place.”“I don’t need a frigging housekeeper! You didn’t seem to have a problem when I was walking behind your messy ass picking up your shit from every crevice and corner of the flippin’ house and cleaning up your bloody mess as if I were babysitting a damned toddler.”Lovello’s sudden mutism had me checking the phone screen to be sure the call was still connected. “Axia I … Jesus, I’m sorry. I’m so used to having Rosa around that I wasn’t even … shit.” And then he burst out laughing. The deep waves of his laughter sent chills down my spine. God I missed him. “No wonder you wanted a break!” he managed, laughing so hard that I eventually broke into a grin. I loved it when he laughed, and I was wishing I could see how bright his face might be at that moment. “I’m sorry, Axia. Why didn’t you say anything? I would’ve tried to monitor my, um, behavior. I’m aware that I’m a slipshod, that’s why I have a live-in maid. And Rosa doesn’t even keep my place clean on her own, she gets help on the weekends. God, I’m so sorry, baby. But you need a housekeeper, though. No more cleaning. I’ll get Rosa’s agency to send someone over within the hour.”Ugh, was he even listening to me? “I told you, I don’t want a freakin’ maid. I’m good.”“No more, Axia,” he steadied. “And oh, expect a call from my cousin, Lori, later this evening. She’s a stylist and she’ll be calling to find out what time she can stop by your place so you can choose a dress to accompany me to Sadie and Natalio’s wedding next week. She’ll hook you up with any brand you like, Gucci, Prad —”“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down there, Pretty Boy. First of all, you didn’t ask me if I would accompany you to your brother’s wedding. Second, I have my own money to purchase my own clothes if I were to accompany you anywhere. So I don’t need a damn stylist. And third, I don’t wear dresses — in case you haven’t noticed.”Lovello grunted a sound that implied I was the most incorrigible person on earth. “You’re my woman. I don’t need to ask you to accompany me. You know the wedding’s next week, of course I’m going to take you. And yes, I have noticed. But what are you going to wear to the wedding? Short shorts and tank top? Be logical here.”“Dios, you are so…” Gah!“Beauts, you’re making everything that used to be easy all of a sudden complicated for no damn reason. You seem to be afraid of something and I don’t know what it is, so I’m giving you space and time to sort your shit out. But I won’t allow you to ruin us, and I won’t allow you to complicate what is not complicated, okay? So grab a breather and chill the hell out.”And that was Lovello Nelson. The man who was the observer of all observers. He remains quiet when needs be, sits back, observes and analyzes. He wasn’t keen on arguments, neither was he keen on anger. His favorite game was playing the fool — just like he did when my mother and I conversed in Spanish, thinking he didn’t understand — and he simply watches on with his favorite expression of no expression and calculates everything. There you are, with no knowledge that you’re being calculated. And whenever he decides to speak, the hammer hits the nail right on the head, just once, but with such force that the nail plunges right through the surface.That was my Pretty Boy.It had taken me a while, but I was getting to know him and the way he functioned.“I like it when you’re silent,” Lovello’s voice broke through my thoughts. “It means you’re thinking sensibly. Expect your new housekeeper within the hour and expect a call from Lori. If Lori doesn’t have anything you like…” he trailed off in a cadence that heralded a jest. “Then we can fly to Paris. And if Paris doesn’t have anything you like … Hmm … I don’t know. Nowhere beats Paris. So, we’d probably have to buy our own island and…” The sonuvabitch was humoring me.“Why did you flush my necklace?” I asked in a calm voice, even though I was anything but.That seemed to have taken him by surprise, because it took him a few moments to reply. And when he did, he chose to be an a-hole. “Ah shucks, the damnable thing didn’t go down?”I swear he drives me barmy. “You had no right to flush something that didn’t belong to you! Why didn’t you flush your frickin’ head instead?”“No, it doesn’t belong to me, but you do. And you won’t be wearing anything that some other man got you.” His tone began tracking down a serious path. “So I suggest you give the cheap shit away, flush it so it goes down this time, or hide it somewhere I won’t find it.”This man can’t be serious. “Just who the hell do you think you are? Are you trying to control me? You can’t dictate to me what I can or cannot wear, assface! Since when did you become so forceful?”Lovello heaved an exaggerated sigh down the line. “You see, Axia, sometimes a man’s got to be a man in order to keep the woman he wants. I want you. Badly. But you’re like a snake, always trying to wriggle your way out of my grasp and darting that venomous tongue out at me. You’re hardcore. And it has taken me a month too long to realize that a woman like you don’t need a Prince Charming. You need a Hulk.”My hand left Timo’s hair to twist a fistful of my own hair and pulled. Hard. “Jesús Cristo, you’re overwhelming me!”“I am, am I? You think I’m like poison, too?” he asked, referring to Beyoncé’s song, Poison, that was playing through the integrated system.There came a sound like a knock on a door in the background. Lovello requested I hold for a minute, then I heard him telling the person that they could enter. But I didn’t ‘hold on for a minute’, I hung up. The man was driving me berserk and I was grateful for whoever disrupted our conversation that was on a train to Nowhere-ville.He constantly accused me of being difficult when he was the one being difficult. One minute he was sweet and flattering, making me just want to grab him and eat him. And the next minute he was forceful, making me think twice about being mutinous. Was I the one making him so variable? Was I hard to put up with? Reasonable was how I’d say I’d been over the past few weeks. I hadn’t been difficult, had I?My cellphone began hollering again but I declined his call. Just one phone call from him and he had me threading down another lane of anger. My phone declared a text message and I did that girly thing of rolling my eyes as I opened it, knowing it would be him.It’s hard to believe you are the daughter of Vince Blacksille; you possess no decorum whatsoever. You are VERY ill-mannered, woman! How could you just hang up on me? I thought I was your Pretty Boy. Not happy :( Enjoy the rest of your day, beauts. And no more cleaning! Love, Love **See that? With this guy, you get Love x2. Can only win if you choose my team, baby. You can only WIN.**Unbelievably so, after that maddening conversation with him, all I wanted to do was see him and have him. God, I needed help.Waking Timo from his peaceful sleep on my belly, I peeled myself from the floor and resumed cleaning, disregarding a certain order from a certain someone, while singing along to Beyoncé’s Halo. Within the hour, as Mr. Nelson had promised, Bill rang the intercom receiver to declare the new housekeeper, Donna. She was a petite Hispanic like Rosa. Polite, all smiles, and eager to start working. Though I was loath to succumb to Lovello’s orders, I briefed Donna and left her to work. Then I got dressed and headed out for the gym.Friday at the gym was, well, Friday. Packed, springy and sweaty. As I began preparing for my two o’clock Strength class, my cellphone howled, and I groaned, praying it wasn’t Lovello. A number I didn’t recognize blinked on the screen, but I answered nevertheless because this was my personal phone; all impersonal calls went to Tish.“Axia, hi, it’s Natalio.”Natalio? Why was he calling me? “Oh God, did something happen to Love?”Natalio chuckled. “No, no. No need to panic. Love’s good. He just gave me your number, actually.”A puff of breath that I hadn’t even realized I’d been holding whooshed through me as I waited for Natalio to continue.“There’s a new all-in-one gym station that I have coming out called Musclix Trainer. The launch is in a few weeks. I’m doing a few television commercials and I want you to be the face.”Lovello couldn’t have informed his brother that I wasn’t interested in these kind of things? “Why? Is it because I truly have a great bod, or is it because I’m Vince Blacksille’s daughter? ‘Cause a lot of people seem to want me to do all kinds of shit because I’m my father’s daughter. It’s seriously annoying.”Natalio was laughing even before I had finished my last sentence. “Love told me to expect this attitude from you. And you’re just like he said. The coward vehemently backed out of asking you for me.” Natalio paused and asked that I hang on a second, then I heard him barking a string of obscenities at someone in the background and mumbling something about an “inept dolt” before he came back on the line. “A bit of both, Axia. You know PSFC is the most luxurious and acclaimed training center in SF. If I were you, I’d open branches in New York and Los Angeles, too. And, Christ, have you seen your abs? They’re pretty damn impressive. I’ve seen your photo on the cover of Prime Size magazine and you seem to be a hot take right now. So I wanna snatch you first. What do you say? We can shoot on Thursday?”Brilliant men like Natalio Nelson always know just what to say to get what they want. It’s as if he’d dipped his tongue in a glass of honey before he made this call. “Sounds like you’ve already planned the shoot and put everything in order as if I’m a foregone conclusion.”“You can play nice and say I’m optimistic, or be a bitch and say I’m cocky. The latter is more fitting.”“Why bother to call me, then? You could’ve just turned up on my doorstep, bundled me up and taken me to the shoot.”Deep chuckles flowed down the line. “Just protocol. So Thursday, then?”“I’ll get back to you on that.”“Would you now? Thursday, Axia,” he affirmed. “I’ll have my people contact you tomorrow to discuss the contract and such.”“You’re a heck of a lot more commanding than your brother,” I grumbled, appalled at the man’s assertiveness.“Welcome to the Nelson family. Have a lovely day, Axia. Bye.”And that was it. Another phone call where I had no say.What in God’s good name had I gotten myself into? Later that night, I lay stretched out on my sofa with Timo snoring softly on my belly. I was idly texting on Blackberry Messenger with Trudy, while Lovello’s svelte cousin flurried around in my living area, laboring to find a dress on her racks that I’d like. Being my usual self, I showed no interest in getting to know her and only responded in monosyllables to her queries. Her discomfort and irritation were translucent. Without even fitting on the dresses she suggested, I kept wagging my head with the words “Nope. Don’t like it”.What she didn’t know was that I was never going to like any dress she showed me because I didn’t like dresses, period. Ever since I’d been able to dress myself, I’d only ever worn tight jeans, short-shorts, yoga pants or athletic wears. If the occasion was one that required showing your sexy, provocative side, then I’d normally go with leggings and six-inch-heel thigh-highs or breast-enhancing corsets, short leather shorts and thigh-highs. For me, thigh-highs always beat a cocktail dress. Or maybe I just enjoyed looking like a nasty little stripper. It didn’t matter, I just downright hated dresses. Dresses were too much of a girl thing. And I didn’t like feeling like a girl. A woman. But not a girly woman. Just a woman who’s in a category all by herself. I was just me. Axia Blacksille.While Lori fussed herself, I thumbed away on Blackberry Messenger, giving Trudy the low-down of Lori trying to find a dress I’d like. Trudy: Lmao! Why don’t you just tell the woman you don’t wear dresses, Axia?Axia: Heck no! It’s too funny watching her.Trudy: You know, sometimes I wonder how is it even possible that you’re straight. What woman doesn’t like dresses other than a butch?Axia: Well I’m not a butch. I just don’t like the damn things. Btw, did you do your full routine this morn?Trudy: Stupid woman. Smh. You weren’t there, of course not!Axia: Typical you. Taken any more massages from Tish? Trudy didn’t answer right away and that gave me time to turn my attention back to Lori. My eyes were instantly drawn to an open suitcase that contained the kind of garments that I obsessed over. My fetish. Why didn’t she open that suitcase all along?“What brand of lingerie are those?”Lori glanced up from where she was riffling through another rack, and followed my gaze to the suitcase with the lingerie. “Oh, um, Bordelle, Carine Gilson and La Perla.”In a millisecond, I was crouched over the suitcase, selecting everything that was in my size.Say lingerie and you’ve said my name.


XVIEven though I’d silently hoped for it, Lovello didn’t visit me that night. The weekend came and went without him making a single visit. He did, however, message me when I played stubborn and ignored his calls. Whenever I did answer, it would always escalate into some stupid argument where I’d be accused of being “difficult” and he’d be proclaiming himself to be “freakin’ frustrated”.Difficult wasn’t what I was. Pissed was more like it.Pissed at myself and my silly emotions for chasing him away. Now when he was giving me my ‘space’, I was miserable beyond all measure. I wanted him to be around. I’d grown accustomed to waking up next to him, curling up with him on the sofa, having breakfast and dinner together, talking crap, arguing, and humping like bunny rabbits. Even cleaning up his mess.On the night I’d last seen him, he’d sent me an email titled ‘Home’ that enclosed his address, landline, and pass code. But I was more than reluctant to use it. Didn’t want to be the thousandth girl getting nailed in his debauched bachelor pad. As the days slipped by, however, and he continued giving me space that I really didn’t need, I began contemplating using the address.By Wednesday night as I sat at the dinner table eating dinner alone, the weight of loneliness became so unbearable that I almost wanted to cry.Cry.That weakness thing that I hadn’t done in years.Timo was curled up in a furry ball at my feet under the table, breathing contented rhythmic breaths as he reaped comfort and companionship from me that I was craving from someone else. I pushed the half-eaten plate of scampi away and picked up my phone to call Lovello, but then decided to just swing by his place instead. After bundling a disgruntled Timo in his lair, I grabbed my car keys and fled the big, cold and empty house.Like a beast, I wove through the traffic as Celine Dion’s Drove All Night blared in my ears. Ever since Zane, I’d vowed never to allow myself to become weak enough to fall for anyone again, nor depend on anyone for my happiness. And yet, I’d heedlessly broken my vow. Lovello had prized his way into my life and had made me need him. Had made me fall in love with his kisses, his touches, his scent, his smile, his beautiful face. Had made me fall in love with taking care of him, feeding him and giving him comfort while receiving. Had made me want him. Need him. Had made me fall in love with him? Nah. Just things about him. Not with him.As I pulled up outside a stately, wrought-iron gate, I cursed my jeep’s GPS for being unreliable. Wasn’t I supposed to be turning into a complex of some skyscraper building, where I’d then hop into an elevator that would whisk me up to a penthouse suite on the 99th floor? But when I checked the address again, I realized the GPS was accurate.Spotting a security monitor on a column, I powered down my window and hesitantly punched in the code from the email and was surprised when the gates started opening at their own lazy pace. Once they were fully opened, I drove down the gravelly, tree-lined path to the sprawling, Mediterranean-style, two-storey house that more resembled a family palace than a bachelor pad. This was unforeseen.I parked next to a gushing water fountain, hopped out and mounted the crescent of limestone steps that led to an imposing double-door entrance. A few seconds after I rang the doorbell, Rosa swung it open and broke into a smile. “Ah, Miss Blacksille, so nice to see you.”She remembered my name? Lovello must’ve trained her to mark all his women’s faces in order to prevent any kind of cock-blocking blunder. “Hi, Rosa. Is Lovello in?”“Oh yes, yes. Come in, come in,” she fussed, beckoning me forward with a stumpy hand, her Spanish accent heavy. “Mr. Nelson upstairs. I go get him for you.”Rosa bustled away on her short legs with her huge butt rolling behind her, while I took in my surroundings. The flooring was of high-polished marble tiles and the ceiling was rather high, granting a palatial aura, while a tremendous chandelier glowered down in extravagance. A grand stairwell with golden banisters wrapped the wall on the right, winding its way up to the second floor. It was quite exquisite. Nothing that I wasn’t used to. Just not what I expected a man like Lovello to reside in.“I see someone’s finally checked their email inbox.”The sound of Lovello’s voice prompted me to look up. He was standing on the landing at the top of the stairs, half-naked in only black silk pajama bottoms. The light gold tone of his skin glistened under the sparks of the chandelier. His abs and muscles were prominent as always, a sexy trail of hair disappearing down his silk bottoms that hung right below his hipbones … Jesus.“Hola,” I greeted as I started up the stairs towards him. “This is not the ‘bachelor pad’ I was expecting. I thought a guy like you would be living in a cloud-covered penthouse made of glass and stainless steel, with uncomfortable furniture and insipid decor. How do you woo your girls with this?”“This is my home. I don’t bring women here. My penthouse in the city is who they want me to be. But this here is who I am. I’m sorry if you weren’t wooed,” he deadpanned.“So why am I here, then? I’m a woman.”Lust whispered across his face, darkening his gaze as I halted in front of him, only a foot apart. “I don’t know. You tell me.”I frowned when I noticed that he’d finally cut his overgrown hair, but not really, because it wasn’t his usual haircut. About an inch had been clipped so that it wouldn’t keep falling into his eyes. “Who was it?”“Who was what?” he asked with a puzzled expression.“Who told you that you look damnably sexy with your hair like that?”“What made you think —”“Love,” I sighed with impatience. “You’d been carping every darn day about your hair being in your face and eyes. Yet when you finally found the time to cut it, you only clipped an inch, leaving it as is. So someone, and my guess is a woman whose opinion matters, commented that she liked your hair like that. Who?”Lovello’s hand reached up to caress my cheek with his knuckles. “What on earth took you so long to come by?”I slapped his hand away from my face and glared. “I’m the master of the distraction technique, so it won’t work on me, Pretty Boy. It’s just a damn compliment, you know. I’m not gonna start breaking dishes because someone complimented you on your hair.“He grabbed my hand and started down the hall and into what I believed to be his master suite. “Just a friend,” he muttered, as he pulled me inside the room.“Does this friend have a name?”“Netta Williams.”“The pop singer Netta Williams?”“Yes.”Oh. A compliment from a very famous and very hot person. “When did you see her?”“Last night in New York.”I wrung my hand free from his grasp. “You were in New York yesterday? How did I not know this?”When he spun around to face me, his eyes were swimming with irritation. “Maybe if you’d call me sometimes or answer the goddamn phone when I call, you would know my whereabouts,” he snapped.True. “So you two were together … where?”Lovello released an exasperated sigh and flopped down on a red velvet love seat situated at the foot of his ginormous bed. “She was at a gala I attended.”“And she just told you that she liked your hair? Is she really a friend?”“Not in so little words. And no, she’s not really a friend. I only met her last night,” he mumbled.Ha! “Ah, so she came onto you then?”Lovello tossed an arm across his eyes as he stretched out on the love seat. “Can we change this subject, please? This is just silly and pointless.”There was something I’d recently discovered about myself. A shocking discovery actually: I, Axia Blacksille, was a jealous bitch. A seriously jealous bitch. An irrationally jealous bitch.I never knew I had that ugly green monster dwelling inside me until I met Lovello. It was when I met Lovello that I realized I didn’t like sharing. I didn’t want anyone else to have what I was having. Not even to compliment what I assumed was mine. My jealousy, I believe, was bordering on lunacy. That I might drive my own self into insanity. Yep, I also discovered, in that very minute, that I needed help.“Did you fuck her?”Lovello shot up to his feet, displaying his annoyance. “Jesus, Axia, no!” He fixed his hard, penetrating eyes on me. “I’m not going to screw every chick that comes on to me. You are who I’m about. Can’t you see that? Do you not trust me?”Honestly … “No. I don’t.”“Huh, well, that’s nice to know. Does that mean I shouldn’t trust you either?”“No. You shouldn’t.” And I was as serious as a judge.“Maybe you should just leave then,” he growled, gesturing towards the door, his eyes frosting over. “There’s no point if we can’t trust each other.”My heart lurched in my chest and my insides felt lacerated. This time I was the one being kicked out. It pained me. And not even the sight of his all-male sexiness in front of me could temper that pain. Not even the way his pecs tightened with every angry breath he took. Not even the way his silk bottom had somehow slipped lower down his hipbones and was displaying a good amount of his dark hair. Not even the thought of knowing that just an inch further beneath that silk, was the source of my pleasure: a very large, venous, beautiful cock. If anything, it made the pain worse. Knowing that he was done with me and my shit. Damn you, jealousy. “Fine! I will, hijo de puta! I shouldn’t have come here anyway. You’re a double asshole!”Flouncing from the room in a fit of pique, I power-walked down the hall trying to reach the exit as fast as I could. Apparently I wasn’t moving fast enough, because Lovello’s hands grabbed me around my waist from behind, lifting me off the ground as he walked backward to his room with me wriggling about, fighting to get free. “Te odio! Let me go! Te odio!”Lovello kicked the bedroom door shut once he was inside and tossed me onto the bed like a stuffed animal. Before I could command my body to move, he launched his masculine hardness on top of me, pinning me to the mattress with his weight and glaring down at me with anger blazing in his eyes.“Stop screwing with me, Axia. Stop. One of these days you’re going to push me over the edge and it won’t be pretty. You don’t want to meet the ‘asshole’ side of me. Trust me. Stop,” he ground out, his jaws clenched.Not caring for his anger, I pelted slaps at his hard chest while trying to free myself from beneath him — even though beneath him was exactly where I wanted to be. “Let me go, Love!”He grabbed my wrists and manacled them above my head. “Would you stop behaving like a freakin’ madwoman? What the hell’s your problem?”“You! You’re my problem!”“How? What on earth did I ever do to you to make you so damn turbulent? You’re frustrating the shit outta me, woman.”Ceasing my fighting, I stared him straight in the eye. “You stayed away from me. You made me grow attached to you, and then you just disappeared.”Lovello released my hands along with an exasperated grunt. “Axia, you kicked me out of your house. I gave you the space you said you wanted. I gave you my home information so you could come to me whenever you need me. I can’t understand…” he trailed off, then nailed me with an accusing glare. “Are you trying to drive me insane or something? ‘Cause I think it’s working.”His inky-black hair partially curtained his eyes as he held his head down, and I brought my hands up to cup his beautiful face. Tracing my fingers over his stubble and along the angles of his jaws, I prevaricated, “I don’t like your hair like this.”“Fine. I’ll cut it.”Just like that. For me.“Okay, I lied,” I said, watching as his face contorted into confusion. Maybe I was truly driving him insane. “I love your hair like this. But I don’t like it that you’re keeping it grown because Netta Williams complimented it. I want to be the reason for everything you do. When you cut it, and it starts growing again, I’ll compliment it, and then you can keep it grown for me.”Lovello dropped his forehead to mine and closed his eyes on a sigh. “Jesus, Axia, you’re crazy. You. Are. Crazy.”“Only because you make me.” Right. He makes me crazy. He’s turned me into an irrational, hopeless sap. Yet I felt no remorse. I liked being crazy for him. “I missed you.”Lovello opened his eyes and gazed down at me through his curtain of hair. “Obviously. Or else you wouldn’t be here screaming my ears off about inconsequential crap.”Lowering his lips to mine, he whirled me into a deep, impassioned and renewing kiss. Possessing my mouth and taking it whole. Lips locked, tongues tied, breathing ceased. I ran my fingers through his hair, stopping at the nape of his neck to pull him deeper into the kiss, even though we couldn’t get any deeper than we already were. But I wanted to be so much closer than this to him. I wanted to crawl inside his body and become one with him. Make him a part of me. Of one flesh. Right then, I had to accept the truth I’d been running from: I was falling in love with him.He broke the kiss when I suggestively thrust my pelvis up to meet his hardened arousal. “No, beauts. We need to wind down.”“No. Please, I need you now. It’s been too long,” I mumbled, pulling his mouth back down to mine.“Exactly. Which means we’ll be too savage with each other. I want to enjoy you thoroughly tonight. And the only way I can do that is to take some time to wind down. There are still vestiges of anger, induced by you, in my veins. And you need to get rid of your maniacal streaks,” he said on a half-smile while getting to his feet and bringing me up with him.“Fine,” I pouted. “What’s your idea of ‘winding down’? Can we make it quick?”Lovello bit down on his lip, repressing a smile. “You’re absolutely adorable when you pout. Not something I’ve ever seen you do before. You should be a girl more often.”“Don’t make jest of my sexual frustration,” I said, smacking his chest.He pressed me to him, his erection rock-hard against my stomach, and planted a kiss on my nose. “We could head down to my theater den and watch a movie.”“Action?”“You’re not the typical girl, are you? I thought you’d say romance.”My face twisted in revulsion. “Yuck.”Lovello shook his head, chuckling as he led me out of the bedroom. Shoving his hand down his pajama bottom to adjust his insubordinate erection, he groaned, “Goddammit, this is gonna be painful.”“It doesn’t have to be,” I sang, reaching over to pat his bulge.He slapped my hand in mild reproof. “Stop it. Shut up. And…” he tried subduing his member again, “walk faster.” “Holy shit!!” Lovello exclaimed for about the hundredth time since the movie Shoot ‘Em Up started. We were lying in a tangled heap on the zebra-striped carpeted floor. I fell in love with the carpeting the second I entered the theater den, and insisted we lay on the floor. I’d also insisted on choosing the movie. Lovello’s choice was Takers while my choice was Shoot ‘Em Up, and, of course, I won the battle.Even though it was my third time seeing the said movie, it had me rapt just as much as it did the first time I’d seen it. There was something about seeing bad guys getting their marrows blown and guts blasted that I enjoyed. Lovello, however, didn’t seem to be enjoying it as much as I was. He’d yelled “Holy shit!” and “Fuck!” so many times that I’d begun tuning him out. When he’d first seen Clive Owen slam a long carrot through a man’s mouth which lanced straight through the back of the man’s head, he’d leaped up in sitting position with wide eyes, leaning closer to the screen as if he wanted to climb inside the movie and shout, “Cut! Cut! I said freakin’ cut!”His reactions told me that he didn’t watch movies often. Especially this kind. This was probably a once-a-month indulgence for him. After all, the only thing I’d ever seen him watch when he was at my house was CNBC.“Okay, beauts, this movie is just way too intense for me,” Lovello said, tossing an arm across his face. “This is not helping me wind down.”“You’re such a girl, Pretty Boy. This is light action. And that Takers movie you wanted to watch, I’ve seen it and it’s whack. It’s just a lame version of the Jamaican film Shottas.”“I guess I’m a girl, then. You call this light?” he asked, moving his hand from his face to point at the screen where Clive Owen was spraying bullets at his attackers while naked and straddled by his partially nude lover. “All I’ve been seeing since the movie started is scads of people getting blown open with bullets. Oh, and there’s a newborn baby involved! I don’t even know why people are dying. Everyone’s just getting shot because of this one man who stuck his nose into something that doesn’t concern him.”“Dude, what’re you complaining about? It’s your blu-ray, not mine,” I laughed. He really wasn’t enjoying my choice of movie.Lovello frowned. “I honestly have no idea how that got there. But I can bet it’s Natalio’s. He’s the one who likes watching shit like that.”“Oh shoot,” I said with mock disappointment. “I chose the wrong brother. I need to plot a way to snipe Sadie.”He narrowed his eyes at me, which only served to make me laugh harder. Taking up the remote, he paused the movie and then hauled me on top of him. “Who’re your favorite T.V. stars, hardcore girl?”I thought for a second. “Favorite actor is Al Pacino. Favorite actress is definitely Jennifer Lopez. It doesn’t matter how shitty the movie is, as long as J.Lo is in it, you can’t get me to move from in front of that television. Who’re yours?”“Don’t think I have any. I can probably count on my fingers the scant number of movies I’ve seen. I’m more of a computer person, if you haven’t noticed.” Frowning in thought, he attempted at answering. “Leonardo DiCaprio, maybe. Marlon Brando. I dunno,” he shrugged. “But I can tell you who annoys me. That idiot who’s only funny because he’s not funny. What’s his name? Ah, yes, Will Ferrell! My mother and my sister love watching his films. But I just can’t understand why producers continue to put him in their films. The guy’s just … not funny.”I guffawed, rolling off him onto my back as hard laughter waved through me. “Oh my God, I know right! Have you seen him in Step Brothers, where one guy was like: ‘There’s just something about your face that makes me want to punch it. You need to change your face or I’ll change it for you’?”“No I haven’t, but there is something about his face that makes you wanna punch it for sure,” Lovello said, gazing down at my laughter-racked body in amusement. It’s the same look he’d had when I’d laughed uncontrollably at the bike show. One that told me he loves it when I laugh.“Well, I can manage to watch Will Ferrell, he’s funny because he’s not funny. But the actor that annoys me the most is Steven Seagal.”“Why? He’s an action star, I’d assume you’d love him.”“Nuh uh. It’s like he’s Mr. Indomitable or something. No matter what he gets embroiled in, he always walks away with not even a scratch. His clothes clean and neat, his hair in place, everything impeccable. I swear it irks me. I mean, I’m all for heroes, but not even a little scratch over the eye? Really? Really? I’m sorry, but I like it when my heroes get knocked around a bit, and nothing ever seems to happen to him in his movies.”Lovello chuckled. “I’ve never noticed.” He hauled me back on top of him. “So, you like it when your heroes get knocked about, huh? Is that why you insist on driving me insane?”“Are you my hero?”“If you want me to be.”“What I want…” I whispered, slipping my hand down his silk pants and grasping him. “ … is for this hero to rescue my libido that you’ve left in limbo.”Lovello sucked in a sharp breath as my fingers tightened around his arousal that grew harder with each breath. “You can feel him muscling up, can’t you? Means he’s more than ready to attend to your rescue.” He rolled over so he was on top of me, pressing his erection against my core. “I want to taste every inch of you tonight.”“And I want you to,” I replied in a short breath.“Axia,” he began, dropping kisses on my eyes, my nose, my cheeks. “I want to try something…”“Hmm?” was all I got out, as I melted into a human puddle beneath him.He scraped his teeth along my jaw and trailed his tongue down my neck. “I want … I want to make love to you. Nice, and slow, and long. I want to feel closer to you.”Even if he’d said he wanted to bring in half a dozen men and have us all a gang-bang orgy, I don’t think I would’ve objected at that point. My lower half was in turmoil, sprouting arousal after arousal with every flick of his tongue.As he went about making sweet, passionate, savoring love to me that night, wrapping me in such tenderness and gentleness that I’d never felt before, fulfilling his words and tasting me all over, every crevice and corner, extending our leisure of pleasure into infinity, my heart could only melt and pool at the pit of my stomach. And with each drop of pleasure that he sent flowing through my veins, I whispered words deep, deep down inside me where I knew he would never hear them:Te Amo


XVIIWhen the sound of Lovello’s alarm went off, I knew I’d have to call Tish and have her open the gym. At this hour of the morning, I’d normally be leaving for work, but I’d been so wrapped up in Lovello last night, that I’d neglected setting my own alarm. Since I met Pretty Boy Nelson, I’d morphed into a rather negligent business owner. Not complaining, though.As his alarm wound on and on, Lovello grumbled something incoherent and stretched across me to silence it. He smelled of sleep and overnight sex, and a smile curved my lips as I sniffed his firm frame that was stretched across me. His movements paused, and I opened my eyes to find his sleepy ones staring down at me with a lazy smile.“Are you sniffing me, Miss Blacksille?”“Guilty, your honor. What’s my sentence?”He ground his hips into me so I could feel his good-morning-hardness. “Oh, I could think of numerous penalties.” He ground harder against me and groaned. “But for now, meeting’s adjourned. I’ve gotta go pay homage to the Big Guy. You know, the guy that’s bigger than this Big Guy,” he said, as he lifted my right leg to grind his erection deeper against my core one last time before he gave me a swift kiss and rolled off me, snatched his Bible off the nightstand, and vanished through the bedroom doors.He was going to do devotion with a hard-on? I mused. I could imagine that being a very awkward moment for God.Fumbling for my cellphone, I made a quick call to Tish, giving her instructions to get the gym open and running. The woman had been more than overworked ever since I started humping Lovello’s third leg. I needed to remember to give her a raise. A huge raise.As I started for the bathroom, I gained a new knowledge: prolonged lovemaking will leave you far more sore than thirty minutes of jackhammering. Yet, though I was sore, I was starving for more. For two people who’d never made love before, last night was out of this world. The way his tongue had … his lips had … his touch was so … the slowness of it all was … Gah, I just couldn’t explain how great it felt. It was a moment I’d never forget, that’s for sure.Denuding myself in the opulent en suite bathroom, I sluggishly aimed toward the rain-shower, grabbing a washrag from the towel rack on my way there. While I turned the taps and waited for the shower to heat, I noticed my favorite Balenciaga Paris Shower Gel. Lovello didn’t buy that for himself, I’m sure. For one, it was for women, and two, he didn’t like shower gels. All he used were those Tom Ford soap bars — and yep, there was a reduced bar right next to the shower gel.Did he buy that gel for me, or was it someone else’s? It couldn’t possibly be for me when he didn’t even know I’d be coming here. Or did he? Looking around the capacious bathroom, I also noticed a replica of my purple robe on the hooks outside the shower. On one side of the large double-sink vanity, there was an exact purple Oral-B vibrating toothbrush like I had at home, along with the face wash and moisturizer that I used. Lovello had said he didn’t bring women here, so maybe he knew I’d turn up eventually?On a shrug, I hopped under the amazing rain-shower. Heavens, this felt good. I could swing by every day just to use this shower, or maybe I could install my own. Some fifteen minutes had ticked by before I decided to let the shower be and headed to finished freshing up.When I emerged from the bathroom feeling fresh and revived, I cursed myself for not thinking ahead in bringing an overnight bag. Boxers and T-shirt would have to suffice until I could get home to change for work. Glancing around the man’s vast bedroom, I tried to guess which piece of furniture he stored his boxers in.I padded towards a chest of drawers and slammed it shut the very second I opened it. Panties? I opened the drawer to double-check and slammed it shut again. Yep, they’re panties. I opened the second drawer. Bras? Yep, they’re bras. Slamming the drawer shut, I began fumbling around for my clothes from last night.Silly me for thinking that the stuff in the bathroom was bought for me. The man was a notorious liar. He claimed he’d never brought any women here before, but clearly, not only has a woman been here, but — hold that thought. I ran towards the closet and wrenched open the doors. Yep, you can let go of that thought now. Someone lived here with him.Walking into the closet, which more resembled a mini-boutique, I stared in disbelief at the lines of women’s clothing that consumed the entire left side of the closet. Rows of shoes: thigh-highs, sandals and sneakers. Top-brand handbags lined off on the top shelf. And a semicircular vanity in the corner with MAC make-up products and various hair accessories.My skin felt like as if it had been flayed as my heartbeat galloped. Turning to what was his side of the closet, I eyed the rows of color-coordinated suits and shoes. Neatly folded sweaters and jeans. Hats and leather jackets, neatly coiled belts. The typical. Knowing the mess of a man that he was, it was either Rosa or his mystery woman who kept this closet tidy.I darted back into the bedroom, dragged on my clothes in record time, grabbed my handbag and fled the room. How did I end up being this imbecilic? Love had made me idiotic. I’d known and had also been warned that Lovello was not the type of man to fall in love with. Nevertheless, I’d recklessly done just that.Halfway down the hall, I collided with a hard wall of male. “Whoa, slow down, beauts. What’s the rush? Is the gym on fire?”Avoiding his eyes, I tried to sidestep him. “No, I just … gotta go.”But he wouldn’t let me. “Beauts, are you okay?”I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. Fearing that I might do that abominable, girl-like thing called ‘crying’. Axia Blacksille didn’t cry. Especially over a man. “Yes, I’m fine. Will you excuse me, please?”The sigh that he emitted said that he was growing impatient, but I didn’t give a heck. He held my chin firmly between his thumb and forefinger and tilted my face so I could look at him. “What. Is. It. Now. Axia?”“You couldn’t have told me?”“Tell you what, Axia?”“That you live with someone…”Lovello’s face frowned in bewilderment. “That I live with someone? What in God’s good name are you talking about? Aren’t you the one here with me?”Knocking his hand away from my chin, I swung my handbag straight at his face. “Stop treating me like you think I’m a damn imbecile!” Smack! “Half your closet is consumed with her stuff!” Smack! “Your drawers, your bathroom!” Smack! “And you have me right in the center of it, just like another one of your bimbos!” Smack! “I am not…” Smack! “a brainless bitch!” Smack! “I’m a woman!” Smack! Smack! “A woman!”Lovello’s self-control seemed to wane as his anger waxed. He grabbed the swinging handbag from my hand and tossed it down the hallway, causing it to land with a loud clatter as all its contents scattered about. When I started to pound my fists at his chest, he grabbed my hands and shook me so hard that my eyeballs jiggled in their sockets. That made me wide-eyed and inert.“Yes, Axia. You are a woman. A crazy woman who needs to see a goddamn psychiatrist!” he bellowed, his deep voice echoing down the hall and reverberating through the walls. Weals began forming on the side of his face that I’d abused with my handbag.Lovello swerved me to the side, pinning me against the wall with his hips and restraining my hands by planting them to my sides. “How is it possible for me to live with someone here when I was living at your house for almost three weeks? Do you think so little of me to believe that I would have some ‘bimbo’ sleeping in the bed that I share with my woman and using her stuff? That I would give you all the information to the home where I lived with another woman? Oh, and where the hell is the woman?”He had a point. But … “So how do you explain the stuff?”Lovello sent his eyes heavenward. “Jesus, Axia, are you that dense? They’re yours.““Mine? But … how?”Vibrating with exasperation, he hauled me off toward the bedroom, while using his free hand to feel the weals on his face. “I swear to God, Axia. Sometimes I wonder what the hell I’ve gotten myself into with you. You’re more than a handful.”“I wonder the same about you, too. All the time,“ I whispered in a meek voice. But Lovello only glanced back at me over his shoulder with a cold stare and shook his head.Pulling me into the closet, he stood on the left side where all the female things were. “Just look and tell me, Axia. Aren’t these all brand new things with tags? Aren’t all these things your style of clothing?”Gliding my eyes over the apparels, I saw the tags that my stupid eyes didn’t let me see earlier. That there were no dresses. Thigh-highs as the only heels — because those were the only heels that I did wear. Loafers that I absolutely loved, sneakers and sandals — all that was my style. Well, once again I was left feeling stupid. But how did he know what to get? “Who —”“My cousin, Lori — with information from your housekeeper about your size and such — arranged this wardrobe for you. Lori’s a lot more shrewd than you think. She detected that you’re not a dress person, so…” Lovello went to the end of a rack, pulled off a brown garment bag and laid it down on a black leather bench situated in the middle of the closet. “I picked your dress for the wedding.” He stood back and folded his arms across his chest, waiting for me to take a look.Murdering the cat with curiosity, I unzipped the garment bag and lifted out a flowing, ivory silk dress which had straps made of rhinestones. I peeked up at my genius and he smirked back at me. Of course, he made a brilliant pick. There were no frills, no twisty fuss, no leg splits, no bows, lace or puffs. Just simple elegance, with the rhinestones being that small touch of fuss. This is how you get a reluctant woman to wear a dress. “You want your pound of flesh, don’t you?”He chuckled, and I was glad that his anger had subdued. “From you? Hell, yes.”Placing the dress back in the garment bag, I made a tsk tsk sound. “I would, Mr. Nelson. But I’m afraid you’ve made one tiny error. You see, this dress is ivory, which makes it too close to the bride’s color. I’m pretty sure the bride wants to be the only one in white.”Lovello laughed as an expression fleeted across his face as if he were remembering something. “Trust me, if it was up to the bride, you’d be wearing a rainbow-colored dress. You should’ve heard the argument Sadie and Natalio had about the color code for their wedding,” he said, shaking his head and laughing as if the argument was one that would never be forgotten. “Of course, my brother won. It’s an all-white wedding, beauts. So stop finding excuses and give me my damn pound of flesh.”“I will, but not the way you want.” I stepped up to him and threw my hands around his neck. “I want to give you your pound of flesh in a more physical way.”Lovello’s eyes darkened and his lids lowered, but he remained obdurate. “I’m still mad at you, Axia. I can’t believe you’d think —”“I’m sorry, okay? I was just … I didn’t think you’d buy an entire wardrobe for me and have it here where I don’t even live. Why’d you do this anyway?”“Because I want you to feel at home when you’re here. I want you to never have to leave here to go home for anything, because you already have everything here. I want to share my space with you.”“And how did you know I was even gonna use the address?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.His lips quirked. “Call me The Optimist.”“I’d say you’re too damn sure about yourself.”“That, too.”“Can I kidnap you for the day, Pretty Boy?”He locked me against him and circled his hips. “Maybe for an hour. I have to work and you have a commercial shoot in two hours.”Mierda. I’d forgotten about that entirely. When Lovello felt my body stiffen, he laughed. “You forgot, didn’t you?”I groaned. “Yeah. Maybe if your brother wasn’t so damn bossy about it…”“That’s Natalio for ya. I’m surprised he even called you and not just show up at your doorstep demanding you come with him.”My head fell back as a laugh bubbled its way up my throat and through my mouth. “That’s exactly what I said to him! Asked him why’d he even bothered to call me and not just show up at my doorstep.”Lovello chortled as he nosed my hair, then breathed a heavy sigh. “Axia?”“Hmm?”“I need you to trust me and stop flipping out at me every two seconds, okay? You’re all I’m about. You make my mind calm — well, until you start yelling and throwing things at me.”“I can’t promise you that I will,” I whispered in his chest. “I don’t know if I can.”“But you must.”Te Amo … so … “I’ll try.”“And you just accepted everything?” Tish butted in, as I regaled Trudy of last night to this morning’s events.We were at Natalio’s commercial shoot, and Trudy and I were blabbing our faces off as a make-up artist did retouches in an attempt to conceal Lovello’s most recent bite marks. Trudy’s boss, my lover, had granted her request to leave at noon so she could come to the shoot. Advantages.Though we ignored Tish, she prodded on, “Doesn’t that make you feel —”“Cheap? Like she wants him for his money?” Trudy snapped, before Tish could finish or I could even answer. She was a tad more acidic than necessary, and the tension between her and Tish all day hadn’t gone unnoticed. But I’d merely pretended not to notice, because I conjectured that Tish had started hitting on Trudy and Trudy was probably annoyed by it. Whatever it was, I wasn’t about to ask. “In case you haven’t noticed, my friend’s worth millions. She doesn’t need Nelson’s money. If there’s something Nelson can afford that she can’t, her daddy can!”Tish’s face grew ashen. “I-I didn’t mean … I’m only —”“It’s okay, Tish,” I said, narrowing my eyes at Trudy who was firing ice pellets at Tish with her eyes. Something major had gone down between these two. “I’m not the type of girl who cries, ‘oh, I can’t take this. It’s too much’ or ‘you shouldn’t buy me stuff, it makes me feel cheap’. Why? Because it’s obvious to the man that I’m independent and can afford whatever I want. Therefore, if he buys me something, it’s because he wants to do something nice for me, not because he pities me. And to turn down his effort is an insult.” I uncorked a bottle of vitamin water and took a few gulps, then continued. “What most women don’t seem to understand is that a man needs to feel like the man. And sometimes just throwing your arms around him with a resounding ‘thank you’, or even feigned excitement with whispered words like ‘you’ve made me the happiest woman in the world’ is just what a man needs from a woman, so he can buff his chest and feel like the man that he is. You don’t ever want a man to feel like he’s helpless with you. He’ll only leave or cheat on you with the woman who makes him feel like Hercules. Like the king of her world.”“Amen!” sang the stylist over my head, causing everyone to direct their stares towards her. She rolled her large eyes and gave an exaggerated shake of her pixie-haired head. “That’s exactly what I’d been trying to tell a friend of mine, but she wouldn’t listen. Waiting tables and living in a dingy ass apartment, she’d been fortunate enough to catch the eyes of a self-made millionaire. And every goddamn time the man buys her something, she whines about how cheap it makes her feel and that she thinks he’s pitying her, blah blah blah. He tries to buy her an apartment and not even that the stupid woman would accept. The man soon got fed up and left her for a struggling model who was all too willing to accept everything he had to offer. I swear some girls are just dumb. Don’t know a blessing when it comes.”The stylist seemed peeved beyond measurement, as if she wished it was her who’d met the man. Trudy and my gazes met as we stifled our laughs. “I know right, so dumb,” I said for humor, which made Trudy burst into a fit of giggles.The director hollered for me and I was off to shooting again. On my third break, where I was finally allowed to eat — yeah, I’d been restricted from eating because they claimed it would make my stomach look ‘bloated’ — I resumed chattering with Trudy in order to take my mind off the annoying demands of this shoot. But not much later I was being aggravated when a certain person appeared.“Hi there, stepdaughter.”Dressing my features in a full-on scowl, I raised my gaze to the vanity mirror in front of me to meet the eyes of the bumptious Trevillo who was standing behind my chair with his face smothered in smugness. “Hello, dick.”Leaning down, he placed his hands on either side of the vanity, caging me, then rested his chin on my shoulder with his eyes still locked on mine in the mirror, as he tutted. “You need to have a bit more respect for your elders, little lady. I could be your real stepfather one day, you know.”I jerked my shoulders in a back-the-hell-up gesture. That only served to make him emit a sinister-like chuckle as he grabbed a firm fistful of my hair, tugged my head backward and stared down at me with a nefarious gleam in his eyes. “If you weren’t already my brother’s, I’d tether you up on that lovely wooden cross in my bedroom and show you just how much of a woman you are, and just how much of a man I am.”Tearing his hand away from my hair, I shot up to my feet and spun around to face him. He was almost a foot taller than me, but I wasn’t intimidated. “Do you really want to prove how much of a man you are, Nelson?”Trudy emitted a long sigh behind me, accompanied by an “oh dear”. In that same minute, Natalio barged into the room demanding to know what’s the deal. But neither Trevillo nor I glanced in his direction. Trevillo was gazing down at me with mild amusement, while I was glaring up at him with pure hatred.“What do you have in mind, little miss? I have a penthouse just two blocks away. Chains, cuffs, whips and all that shit, baby. Just for you.”“What the hell, Trev?” Natalio shouted.But he was yet again ignored.“That sounds very tempting, Kinky Boy,” I smooth-talked. “But first, you have to earn that luxury.”Trudy, ahead of everyone else in knowing exactly where this was heading, had disappeared, and was now bustling back into the room with the help of some unknown guy as they shoved a high-table between us. Trevillo glanced down at the table with a quizzical lift of his brow.“If you can beat me in an arm-wrestle, then you get to show me the many other ways you’re a ‘man’.”Trevillo looked at me with incredulity, then shifted his eyes over to Natalio. But Natalio merely folded his arms and leaned back against the wall, ready for the show. Trevillo shifted his eyes back to me and burst out laughing. “You want to challenge me into an arm-wrestle? Are you serious?”When I folded my arms across my chest without so much as a hint of humor, Trevillo noted my seriousness and shrugged, removing his jacket and pushing his shirtsleeves up to his elbows. “Okay. You asked for it. My little brother can kiss that sexy roun’ ass of yours goodbye.”I fought the urge to roll my eyes. Men: always feeling the need to put on a show. Cricking of the neck from side to side, muscling up the arms, cricking the fingers. Ugh. So typical.Natalio shuffled in his pocket for his cellphone as he laughed. “This has got to be recorded. Better not lose, Trev, or I’ll ruin you with this video.”Already set in position, I waited for Trevillo to complete his pointless warm-up. By this time, everyone had gathered around in the dressing room, phones pointing towards us. But Tish and Trudy merely sat back with knowing smirks on their faces. They knew this was my forte.Trevillo finally set his arm in place, clasping his hand with mine. Trudy counted down, and set us off. Planting a smile on my face, I watched as Trevillo channeled all his energy in the aim of bringing my hand down, lacking the knowledge that the trick was to stay concentrated on keeping his hand stationed upright. When his veins started bulging and he began straining, I knew his strength was almost out. This was the time to take him down. “Make sure you get this, Natalio,” I squeezed out. And in one go, I slammed Trevillo’s hand down.The room erupted into a disbelieving clamor, while Trevillo shouted, “Rematch!”“Really?” I snorted. Men: they could never own up to losing. Heaving a sigh, I repositioned my hand. “Okay. But lemme give you a tip so it can feel more like a challenge this time. Concentrate, Kinky Boy. Concentrate. Think palm tree against the storm. They bend, but they never break.”Trevillo narrowed his wicked blue eyes at me, looking way too hot with his new determined expression. These brothers were unrighteously gorgeous. It wasn’t fair to women.Realizing that my mind had drifted out of the game, I quickly snapped a lid on my wayward thoughts. Trevillo clasped my hand again, his eyes locked on mine, his sharp jaws clenched. He had a new aim.Trudy counted down again and set us off.Trevillo came much stronger this time around, staying focused. Great, now it was beginning to feel like a challenge. Our gazes locked, his blue eyes flashing with a gleam of something indescribable. He then revealed a devilish smile, licked his full, sculpted lips and winked at me.Mierda. My breath hitched and my hand faltered a bit, but I hurriedly gathered my wits. Was he trying to use his smoking hotness to distract me? Suddenly I felt murky for being affected by my lover’s brother. This needed to end. “Playtime’s over, Kinky Boy,” I whispered — but it shouldn’t have been a whisper — in a voice that shouldn’t have been raspy.I slammed his hand down on the table, much harder than necessary, and turned my back to him in the same second. The room erupted again, everyone seemingly oblivious to the peculiarity of the last sixty seconds — everyone except Trudy who was glaring at me with a “what the hell?” expression.Grabbing my half-drunk vitamin water from the vanity, I quaffed the remaining liquid then chanced a backward glance at Trevillo, only to find him staring straight at me. A serious expression on his face, with a slight frown line jagged across his forehead as he slowly pulled down his shirtsleeves. He knew exactly what had happened, and seemed to be just as befuddled as I was.Almost imperceptibly, he tilted his head in question. And I returned a subtle shake of my head to send a message that said “not at all”. I was positively, unequivocally, one hundred percent, head over heels in love with Lovello Nelson.The deep, resounding sound of Natalio’s voice rocked through our silent conversing like a roll of thunder instantly followed by a strike of lightning. “Trev! C’mon, we need to talk.”Both our gazes shot to Natalio who was nailing Trevillo with a death-glare. And I was all too eager to get back in action when the director yelled for me. The commercial shoot was overwhelming, and I was growing dreary and drained and ready for it to be over. Alas, there was one last segment before I was free. Once again, I slumped down into the stylist’s chair while she made a fuss of me. Trudy looked bummed, too, as she swept into the dressing room with Tish behind her yammering in pleading tones. I’d warned her but she didn’t listen, and now Tish was being as annoying as constant dripping.Trudy plopped down beside me with raised eyebrows that said she was waiting for me to give her some explanation about the Trevillo spectacle. But there was nothing to tell. Some dumb shit happened and it’s now forgotten. At that moment, I was yearning for Lovello. He hadn’t called or messaged me all day and with every tick of the clock, I missed him harder.In the same second that I reached for my handbag to retrieve my cellphone, the director’s assistant strolled into the room with two burly security guards in tow, one brandishing a rifle. They came up to me and I ran my eyes over them, wondering what on earth this was about.“Miss Axia Blacksille?” the taller security rumbled.“Yes?”“We’re from Mic Securities. We have a delivery for you and we’d like for you to sign here, please.” He thrust a small monitor towards me.As I scribbled my signature across the screen, I asked, “So what’s with the rifle for a simple delivery?”The security took the monitor when I handed it back to him and nodded to the other guy. He unlocked what looked like a steel briefcase, withdrew a small, black case and handed it to me. “It’s just orders, ma’am. Any valuables passing half a million dollars have to be heavily secured and delivered.”Over half a million? What the hell? From who? My fingers instinctively tightened around the case in a protective gesture. “And this is valued at … ?”“1.1 million, ma’am.”“Holy shit!” Trudy exclaimed, while the stylist started coughing uncontrollably over my head.I, on the other hand, held my composure. I was going to kick Zane’s ass if it was him again. “Okay. Thank you.”The guards nodded and bounced out of the room, while Trudy, Tish and the stylist all leaned in with wide eyes, burning with impatience for me to open the case.“Would you guys just back the hell up?” I laughed, and they all crackled, too.Sliding the black velvet covering from over the case, I opened it and found a smaller velvet case. My eyes were almost blinded when I opened the smaller case.“Sweet Baby Jesus, the Star and the Three Wise Men,” Trudy whispered.It was a Chopard white-gold watch, square-faced and covered entirely, dial and all, in baguette diamonds. It was exquisite, extravagant, extraordinary. An over-the-top piece of jewelry that some leggy, red-carpet socialite should be wearing. I wasn’t a jewelry person, especially a million-dollar jewelry person. I espied a slim note sticking out from the corner of the larger case that read:Anything he can do, I can do better …It was then that I knew it was from Lovello and not Zane. Of course, he had to prove a point about Zane’s Cartier necklace gift at my last shoot. My God, the man was ridiculous! Who spends this much on a watch? I snapped the case shut on a huff. Trudy pounced and snatched it from my hands and resumed gawking with the other two. Over a stupid necklace he had to go and do this? Yes, this time I was pissed.Natalio’s firm footsteps clocked into the dressing room. He’d vanished from the shoot with Trevillo for some time now. “I heard there was security and shit here?”Pointing at the watch that Trudy and the stylist chattered over, I yelled, “Your brother’s impossible!”Natalio, hands in pockets, walked towards us in his cool, confident strides, peered down at the exorbitant piece of jewelry and shrugged. “Looks a lot like Love to me.” Then he merely sauntered from the room.Okay, so all three brothers were impossible!Then I wondered, did Natalio’s statement have a double meaning? Was he saying it was a lot like Love, as in Lovello, to do things like this? Or was he intimating that this gesture was a lot like someone in love? Oh, how I wished it were the latter.I fished for my cellphone and typed a quick message to Lovello:Are you INSANE????A few minutes passed before he replied:Only because you make me …And I replied:This wasn’t necessary. It’s way over-the-top and screams insanity. You could have wooed me with something less extravagant, like, let’s say, something ten to twenty thousand dollars in value? The cockiness needs to stop!His reply was instant: You’re not a ten-thousand-dollar girl, beauts. You’re my million-dollar prize. Know your worth and stop bitching. In the middle of a meeting now, señora loca. See you later?I didn’t reply. Of course I wasn’t going to see him later. The man was unreformable and overwhelming. A few minutes ago I was aching for him, now he had me fuming with his superfluous extravagance. Yet, all I could think about as I closed my eyes and tossed my head back on the chair was: Lo amo, Lo amo, Lo amo.


XVIII“ … we all come to the end of our lives as naked and empty-handed as on the day we were born. We can’t take our riches with us. And this, too, is a very serious problem. People leave this world no better off than when they came. All their hard work is for nothing — like working for the wind. Throughout their lives, they live under a cloud — frustrated, discouraged, and angry. Even so, I have noticed one thing, at least, that is good. It is good for people to eat, drink, and enjoy their work under the sun during the short life God has given them, and to accept their lot in life…”Expelling a contented sigh in Lovello’s chest, the deep vibration of his lungs traveled through me as he read verses of Ecclesiastes to me. We were snuggled up on our favorite sofa in my living area, our ‘winding down’ after arguing for over an hour about his ridiculousness with the million-dollar gift, and with him accusing of me being difficult and unreasonable by avoiding him all evening over a simple gift. Simple, he says. Simple!The culmination of our argument, however, was being enmeshed in passion, steamed with aggression and simmered with starvation for each other. Our final destination after a sexed-up shower was here, cuddling together on the sofa in a Bible read. Weird, right?Lovello was dedicated. But he’d never questioned if I prayed or not. He knew that I didn’t even own a decent Bible and even brought me one, but he never questioned if I read it. He didn’t force anything on me and I appreciated that.My father’s a firm believer in Christianity. However, I’d spent the majority of my formative years with my mother after my parents’ divorce, and she never once spoke about God. I’ve found myself to be the same, just living one day onto the next without caring who rules the earth or who keeps me alive. I don’t think I can ever remember even uttering a word of prayer in my life. I wouldn’t know how to even begin. When Lovello reads verses from the Bible to me, though, it was always enjoyable and issued such profound wisdom for me to latch onto. So, if he was the one to lead me to truth and wisdom — even though he was somewhat hypocritical with his more than immoral life — then I’d follow.My cellphone hollered for about the fiftieth time since we’d been here, causing Lovello to pause on an impatient breath. Knowing that it was Tish again, I rejected the call and signaled for Lovello to continue. Tish had been ringing me all evening to ask the same question, “Is Trudy there with you?”, and had been receiving the same answer, “No. Trudy has a number, call it.” I figured that Trudy’s innocent lead-on had given Tish high hopes that were now deflated, and now an annoyed Trudy was trying in earnest to avoid her. There was no mistaking the hostility that Trudy kept spewing at her today at the shoot. Still, it wasn’t enough to keep Tish from following her around like a lost puppy.“Tish again?” Lovello asked.“Hmm hmm. Gosh, she’s annoying. This is what happens when you get friendly with your workers.” It was only because I treasured Tish so much that I hadn’t flipped out yet. She was a trustworthy, dependable, ready-on-call assistant. I’d not lose her. No way.“Why doesn’t Trudy just tell them she’s moved on? I guess she likes the chase,” said Lovello.Huh? “Tell them who, what? Chase?”“Tish and Carla.”Double huh?? Bracing up on my elbows, I brought my gaze to meet Lovello’s. He looked so serene with his facial muscles relaxed, eyes warm and droopy, hair tousled and sticking all about. “What’re you talking about with Tish and Carla?”Lovello tilted his head to the side, frowning at me as if I’d grown a third nostril. Then his eyes widened a fraction. “Don’t tell me you don’t know, Axia. I’ll never believe you.”“Know what?” I asked, barely balancing on a thin thread of patience.“That Trudy’s a dyke.”An incredulous snicker flew through my lips. “Yeah, right. You’ve got jokes. Back to reading, Pretty Boy.”It was Lovello’s turn to chuckle with incredulity. “I can’t believe you have a best friend and don’t know she’s crooked. Axia, I dare say you might be the only one in SF who doesn’t know that.”So shocked, my heavy tongue couldn’t even form words to speak. Trudy was gay? And she kept it a secret from me? Why? Now that I thought about it, I couldn’t ever recall Trudy dating a guy. Ever. And I’d never really paid much attention to that area of her life, because she’d always go on about focusing on work and career goals and having no time for relationships. Knowing Trudy as being an intensely focused and goal-adhered person, I’d believed her. Scratch the “knowing Trudy” part. I’d just realized that I didn’t know her at all.“Beauts, are you still here?” Lovello teased at my silence and shocked expression.“What do you know?” I demanded.He shook his head vehemently as he chortled. “Oh no. This is girl stuff. My mouth doesn’t belong in it. If I’d known you were oblivious to your best friend’s sexuality, I wouldn’t have opened up my gargantuan beak.”“Well, you did. So tell me what you know. About Tish and Carla.”“No,” he said firmly. “Go call your friend. Let her tell you.”Straddling him with quick economic movements, I grabbed his flaccid cock which instantly began hardening under my fingers. “Tell me. Or I swear to God, I’ll rip this baseball bat and its two game balls off your body!”My beautiful lover threw his head back and shook with a cathartic laugh. “That would be a sad story for both of us, Crazy Girl.”“A sad story for you. I can always find another guy with a comparable size. But you’ll never find a woman to love you as a eunuch in this century, Pretty Boy.”Lovello’s smile vanished and I knew that he was pissed off by my ‘another guy’ statement. The man really couldn’t take a joke about me being with someone else. “Didn’t I warn you to stop saying shit like that, Axia?”“Okay. Okay. I’m sorry. But can you just please tell me? I feel like I’m standing out in the cold in the middle of Alaska on a dark and lonely night, wearing nothing but a pair of Uggs boots, and staring from a distance at a cozy-looking log-house that’s jumping with music and loud screams and laughter from my friends who tricked me into a bet of running a full lap around the building, nude. And the minute I’d run out of the log-house and into the cold, they’d closed the door and began pointing and laughing at me. And so, I’m left standing there in the snow, knees knocking together, my arms over my boobs and genitals, looking through the window of the log-house, wishing I knew what everyone knew, and could laugh about what everyone else was laughing about.”Again, Lovello tossed his head back in laughter and slapped his palm to his forehead. “My God, woman! Have I ever told you that you’re crazy? What exaggeration! I’m pretty sure that what the people in the log-house are laughing about is you. And what you should be wishing for is a blanket.”I smacked him. “Would you just tell me and stop laughing at me? Ass! You’re just like those in the log-house.”Lovello pulled me back down to him, tucking me under his arm. “You calm me, beauts.” He kissed the top of my head and sighed. “Trudy and my assistant, Carla, have been together for about two years. Carla’s head over heels in love with Trudy. But Trudy’s, well, a beast. They say she’s good enough to turn a straight woman gay.”“And how do you know all this?”“They’re all my workers, everything comes back to me. Even when I chase away the damn gossip, I always end up hearing it involuntarily.”“Oh.”“You really need to just call Trudy. Telling tales like this makes me feel emasculated.”“Just tell me what you know and cut the bullshit, Love.”Lovello made an annoyed grunt. “Trudy’s sneaking around with two other girls from two separate floors, but Carla and Trudy are known as an official couple so the others keep quiet about their trysts. Anyway, Trudy started yet another affair with your assistant.” His speech accelerated as if he were bored and wanted to be done. “Someone found out about Tish and told Carla. Carla — thinking that Tish is the only other girl — went by PSFC to warn off Tish. Sparks fly between Tish and Carla. They had sex. News got back to Trudy, she dumped them both, and now they’re both trying to get her back. While Trudy is busy seducing the new and straight receptionist on the first floor.”My whole body shook as I bubbled into laughter at the way Lovello sprayed the story faster than an auctioneer at a bidding war. Now I felt guilty for forcing him to do what he felt uncomfortable doing. “Okay, baby, you don’t have to tell me any more.”“Good. I was beginning to feel like a sorry excuse for a man.”Laughter continued to rock my body as I eyed his sullen expression, his eyes narrowed treacherously at me.“My God, I love yo —” I quickly snapped my mouth shut when I realized what I almost blurted. Lovello’s eyes locked in on mine, but neither of us said anything for what felt like an eon. My brain scrambled around for an idea to cover up my gaffe, but was struggling to present something plausible; while Lovello stared at me with intense, unblinking slate-grays, imploring me to complete my sentence. There was something in his intensity that told me he needed to hear it, as if it would soothe something riotous inside him.Saved by the bell.Literally.There was a constant dinging of the doorbell, accompanied by a loud banging of fist on wood. Who the hell was that? And how did I not get an alert from Bill? Lovello held me back when I tried to get up and went to answer the door himself, never minding that he was wearing just his boxers.The door opened, and a minute later there was a sudden outburst of angry shouting which made me shoot from the sofa and run towards the foyer, tightening my silk robe around me.It was Natalio, and he was standing nose-to-nose with Lovello, his face tight and red with rage, his hands balled into white fists, the veins in his neck threatening to explode. “Where the fuck is she, Love? I know you know!! I have no doubt you helped her!”Lovello stared back at his brother, his composure held, his voice level and deceivingly calm when he spoke. “You have no doubt I helped her? You honestly believe I’d do something like that to you? Me?”Natalio’s eyes fell for a count of two seconds as he seemed to waver on his accusation, then he raised them with steeled resolution. “Yeah, I do. You’ve been predicting this all along. Always trying to ‘caution’ me. She’s always whining and complaining to you. And you always seem to have the uncanny ability to tell when my own woman is acting irrationally with the aim of getting my attention. I wonder how? Hmm? You encouraged her to run. You! So you can pride yourself in your ‘cloak of wisdom’ singing the old ‘I told you so’ song!”Lovello’s features turned to granite, his eyes glacial, his gritted teeth almost printing through the flesh of his cheeks. I’ve never seen him look this lethal before. It’s obvious he was hurt. He made a strong, forceful step to Natalio. “Get the hell out of my girl’s house, ASSHOLE!”Natalio’s angry face rearranged itself into a deep frown, as if not used to his brother being so scary. He almost looked apologetic, but Lovello gave him no time to speak as he pressed his palms hard on Natalio’s chest and gave him a mighty shove through the door, then slammed it and turned the lock.Lovello breezed past me with giant steps back to the living area as if I weren’t even there, while I remained in the foyer wondering what on earth I was supposed to do with myself. He was so infuriated, I was afraid to even blink, thinking he might take his anger out on me.As I thought about fetching something from the fridge for him to drink in the hope of cooling him down, the doorbell rang again, followed by a light knocking instead of heavy banging this time.“Don’t answer it, Axia!” I heard Lovello bark from the living area.The correct thing to do, because of his anger, was to obey. But this side of Lovello scared me, and I knew it was because he was deeply wounded. Lovello cherished Natalio like no other, and to have this person whom he loved so much accusing him must have been painful. Also, it was obvious in the last two seconds that Natalio had realized the hurt he’d inflicted on his brother; his anger had dissipated entirely. I didn’t want the two brothers to be at war with each other or to have any protracted fury left to fester. And the problem, which I suspected was a missing Sadie, would never be solved if they didn’t have the support of each other.On that thought, therefore, I ignored Lovello’s order and opened the door, revealing a contrite Natalio running a long-fingered hand through his silky, dark hair. Stepping aside for him to enter, I jerked my head in the direction of the living area, then followed suit as he stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his jeans and made a beeline to where Lovello sat fuming on the large, red sofa, watching a muted television.“You never goddamn listen, Axia,” he ground out, without looking in our direction.Choosing not to reply, I stole away to the furthest corner of the room, leaving the two brothers to sort their crap out.“Love, brother, I’m sorry,” Natalio started in a calmer tone, as opposed to his harsh barking a few minutes ago. “I’m just mad, agitated and frightened, okay? I didn’t want to ask you for help because I didn’t want to give you the satisfaction of being right. Again. I’ve never seen you this angry before and I —”“How did you even get past Bill?” Lovello snapped, cutting him off, showing no care for his brother’s apology.“Trev.”Lovello’s teeth gritted so hard I could almost hear them from where I stood. “And Trev is … ?”“Outside.”Lovello gave a contemptuous snort, then spoke through a screen of sarcasm. “Outside, huh? Interesting. Very interesting. “What on earth was going on with these brothers? Was I missing something? Everyone had seemed perfectly well and good today.“Hey, this is about my girl, okay? Your girl is in here with you. My girl is missing, two damn days before the wedding.”“And you think I helped her leave you. So why aren’t you out looking for her with your brother and your gangsters? What’re you doing here chatting up her accomplice? Go on, you and Trev can drive around and grumble about how much of a ‘know it all’ I think I am. When you find your runaway bride, let me know.”Natalio shifted on his feet, agitation marring his handsome features. “Are you going to be a dick all night, Love? I need your help and you’re damn well making me beg for it.”“So now you’re asking me to be a renegade? First I’m on her side and now I’m supposed to just be a turncoat and hop on yours?”“Christ, Love, I said I’m sorry! Could you just quit being a supreme douche and call her? She’ll answer you.” Natalio frustratingly dropped himself down on a sofa chair opposite his brother. “She won’t answer anyone, and Kelsy’s not letting off. She’s not by her mother’s, I checked. I don’t know if she’s still here in SF, if she’s in L.A., New York or wherever. She left earlier than usual for work this morning. I made nothing of it because of her prolonged sulking: she refuses to tell me what about. I went home this evening and … she’s gone.” Natalio rubbed his eyes, looking overly distraught. “She’ll answer you, Love. She tells you every damn thing.”“She won’t answer me,” Lovello said stubbornly.Natalio lifted his eyes to burn his brother with a fiery glare. “I want so badly to bash your fucking head in right now for being a total ass. If only you weren’t my brother…”Lovello bit down on his lower lip, struggling to suppress a smile and taunting his brother with a jeering expression.“Don’t laugh at me, Love, you’ll only piss me off further,” Natalio said, pointing a finger in his brother’s face, but the humor that colored his voice betrayed the austerity of his threat. Until he chuckled. There was no way on earth to maintain anger around a jovial Lovello. Whenever he smiled, the world seemed brighter.Lovello collected his cellphone from the coffee table, punched a few keys, then waited as the other end started ringing on speaker. When the call merely rang out, he smirked. “See?”“Ring her again,” Natalio snapped, tapping his right foot nervously.Lovello rang again and a hoarse-voiced Sadie picked up on the first ring. “Love?”“Hi, Rainbow,” Lovello greeted in a smooth voice. “My brother told me you hit the tracks. Threatened to bash my head in for helping you.”“He’s an asshole,” Sadie spat, her voice breaking at the end.“I know,” Lovello agreed, casting a smug glance at his brother, who was by then chomping on his thumbnail. “But you did it wrong, you know. You ruined the script by running two days before the wedding. Julia Roberts is probably pissed as hell at you right now. You should’ve let the asshole walk to the altar first. That’s when you run. On a horse, in a FedEx truck, a hot-air balloon…”Sadie made a raspy laugh. She almost had no voice, as if she’d been crying for days. “Thank you, Love.”“For what?”“Making me smile for the first time all day.”Lovello ran a hand through his hair and sighed. “Where are you, Rainbow?”“I’m in —” she stopped short. “You won’t tell him, will you?”“I can’t promise you that. This is stupid. Running away won’t solve anything. You love him and he loves you twice as much. What do you hope to achieve from this?”“He loves his billions and myriads of businesses more than he does me. He’s always out of the country, Love. He’s not budging on his decision to take over ZIFT in Japan…” she sniffed. “What kind of husband would he be then? What kind of father would he be to his children?” She broke down and started crying. “How do I know that in all those times he’s away, he isn’t screwing around on me when his cock calls for attention? Maybe with those tight-ass, gray-suit bitches who he works with. How can I ever feel like I’m the center of my husband’s universe, when half the time I’m not in his freakin’ radius?!” More sniffling and crying. “He’s not ready for marriage or a family. He can wait maybe until some chronic illness like cancer starts eating into his bones, or when his overused jet spirals from the sky during one of his ‘oh so important’ business trips and lends him a near-death experience. Oh, scratch that, I forgot he already had one of those near-death experiences! Then maybe when his —”“Rainbow, calm down,” Lovello defused.By this time, Natalio was pacing the length of the room, back and forth, running a hand through his hair repeatedly.“Come home. You and your fiancée need to talk about this. Just tell me wher —”“Talk?” Sadie yelled hoarsely. “Have you met your brother? There’s no talking with him. His domineering ways won’t allow him to listen to anything I have to say!”Lovello rubbed his forehead, seeming overwhelmed by the entire situation. “Sadie, do you want to be with my brother?”Her voice was almost inaudible. “Yes.”“Because you love him, right?”“More than my next breath.”“Do you want to cancel the wedding?”And then there was silence. A heavy, burdensome silence. It took a millennium for her to answer. “Jesus, no. No. No, I don’t.”“Then come home, Rainbow.”“Okay,” she whispered. The sound of keys jingled in the background and her breathing kicked up as if she were moving fast. “Okay, I will.”“See you soon, then?”“I’m in L.A. at Kelsy’s parents’ house. I’ll book a flight for tomorrow morning.” The woman started crying again. “Oh God, I promised him I wouldn’t run from him again. Do you think he hates me now?”Lovello’s eyes glanced over to a room-pacing, nail-nibbling, agitation-ridden Natalio, and he tried to smother a smile. “I highly doubt it, Rainbow.”It was amazing to see how love could unnerve a man as intimidating and forceful as Natalio. Love had unlimited power, I found out that night, to reduce the strongest and mightiest to powerlessness.As soon as Lovello wrapped up the call, Natalio bolted towards the front door.“And what idiotic move are you going to make now?” Lovello asked with a shake of his head.“I’m gonna get her myself,” Natalio replied simply.“Damage control, dude. Give the woman a breather. Let her overthink things. Let her have all that thinking time as she goes to sleep tonight and travels tomorrow. Overthinking will have her believing she’d been wrong in a lot of areas where she was actually right. And that can only be good for you, since you’re the one who messed up. When she’s back, all thought-out and calmed down, she’ll be in a clear frame of mind to talk to you without feeling intimidated or pressured. So just go home, have yourself a glass of scotch and chill the hell out.”Natalio made a disgusted face at Lovello, and actually rolled his eyes as he muttered, “I hate the shit out of you,” then disappeared through the door.It was ridiculous how exhausted I felt, even though I was just an onlooker. I could only imagine those who are a part of the situation. What I’d discovered a few weeks ago, about Lovello having keen discernment, was now clear to me that it was an intrinsic quality he possessed, and was seemingly despised for it. His shrewd judgment was awe-inspiring.As I made my way over to the sofa where he was now sprawled out and rubbing his forehead with his eyes closed, I kept remembering Natalio’s words: ‘this is about my girl, okay? Your girl is in here with you‘, and Lovello’s tenseness at the mention of Trevillo being outside. Did he see the video or did Natalio tell him?He hadn’t said a thing to me about my arm-wrestling encounter with Trevillo at the commercial shoot. But it was clear, based on Natalio’s words, that there was tension between the two. And the fact that Trevillo had stayed outside the entire time strengthened my conjecture.As I snuggled up beside Lovello on the sofa, feeling his arms automatically tighten around me, I tried to receive confirmation in a furtive approach. Landing a soft kiss among the small scatter of hairs on his chest, I asked, “Did I tell you that Trev came by the shoot today?”Lovello stilled, then gave a perfunctory, “No.”I wasn’t deterred. “Oh. Well he did. And I challenged him to an arm-wrestle. Kicked his ass twice. Did Natalio show you the video?”A full sixty seconds passed before I realized he wasn’t going to answer. I knew that he saw it. And knew also that he saw more than just the wrestling.A slimy feeling crept over me. What happened to me with Trevillo was something that would happen to any breathing woman, I’m sure. That didn’t mean I wanted the guy. Did Lovello think I’d go for his brother? I couldn’t even stand Trevillo and his irreverent self. And the fact that he was sleeping with my mother made it all the worse.I breathed a heavy sigh. Lovello asked me this morning to trust him, and I’d really appreciated it if he would do the same. But then I thought about that fact, that he hadn’t said anything at all to me about it. So maybe he did trust me? Just not his brother? Maybe that was why he needed to hear me complete my sentence earlier?Lovello tightened his arms around me again, and kissed the top of my head as I lapped one leg around his. Yep, he trusted me.“Will you read to me again?” I whispered.Without hesitation, he recovered the Bible from the coffee table and started reading in gentle tones to me. “A gentle answer deflects anger, but harsh words make tempers flare. The tongue of the wise makes knowledge appealing, but the mouth of a fool belches out foolishness. If you listen to constructive criticism, you will be at home among the wise. If you reject discipline, you only harm yourself…”


XIXThe following night, I was in the kitchen whipping up a meal of seared Mahi Mahi with grilled mango slices and steamed vegetables, when I heard the opening and closing of the front door which signaled Lovello’s arrival. When a minute passed and he didn’t appear in the kitchen, I deemed it odd because, one: The first thing that’s normally on Lovello’s mind when he gets in from work is food. And two: By request, I was preparing one of his favorite dishes.While I continued slicing lemons, I listened as his footsteps echoed off the porcelain tiles and aimed down the hall — to the very end of the hall, where that third room used to be The Room. I listened as the door opened then closed some ten seconds after. Of all the times he’d been here, he’d never showed any interest whatsoever in the third bedroom of the house. We slumbered in my master bedroom and he did his devotions upstairs in the guest bedroom. So this sudden interest in the neglected third room at the end of the hall, which used to be my den of debasement, was rather eerie.For some reason, my heartbeat sped off on an erratic tattoo, drumming harder with each step his feet made back up the hall and towards the kitchen. There was something nudging at me, telling me that I should be worried. Lovello strolled into the kitchen, wearing his favorite expression of no expression while undoing his necktie. He didn’t speak right away. Just removed his tie, coiled it neatly and set it down on a bar stool at the same time as he occupied the stool next to it. He then removed his suit jacket and set it down, also with gentle care.If that peculiar and uncharacteristic behavior wasn’t a harbinger that something was wrong, then I don’t know what was. Lovello didn’t do neat and gentle when he unclothed himself. The real Lovello would have his suit jacket laying limply somewhere between the front door he came through and the kitchen. And his necktie would be found somewhere on the stove top next to the open flames. To top it off, he was ominously quiet.Nevertheless, I maintained a casual composure and continued adding the finishing touches to dinner, watching him from the corners of my eyes as he removed his wristwatch and pocket bearings, setting them down with precise care on the countertop. At one point I almost laughed out, thinking this had to be a joke.When I finally turned to ask him if he was ready to eat, I found him with his hands steepled under his chin, his impassive slate-grays almost nailing me to the kitchen wall. We had a stare-off for a few moments, as I tried to decipher what on earth he was about this evening.Lovello broke the silence by asking, “When you bought this house, it came fully furnished, didn’t it?”“Yes.”His eyes didn’t leave mine. “I know. Trev doesn’t sell unfurnished houses.”Sooo … ? What’s he getting at?He brought his steepled fingers to his lips, swaying his head back and forth so his fingers rubbed against his agonizingly sexy lips. “But that third room at the end of the hall, it’s empty. Stark. And the walls are painted such a dark purple…” He trailed off, gazing at me with expectant eyes that said I was supposed to pick up where he trailed off and finish by explaining why the room was empty.Did he know? Impossible. Maybe he was just screwing with me. “I was planning on using the space for something…”“Like a workout space?”Okay, now I was positive he was screwing with me: he knew I already had a basement gym. “No.”“Then, what?”There wasn’t a plausible lie that I could come up with yet. As a matter of fact, I didn’t owe him an explanation. It was my damn house. Therefore, I ignored his question, because I was my own woman. “Are you ready to eat? Or do you wanna continue playing twenty-one questions?”“What did you put in it?” he asked, without even a hint of humor.Was he serious? “In what? The room or the food?”“Both.”Now I was enraged. “If you don’t trust me enough to think I’d put something in your food — God forbid whatever that might be and for whatever reason — then you can just leave my keys and walk your despicable ass out of here!” I yelled, tossing the pot of steamed vegetables down the sink. I reached for the Mahi Mahi, but before I could dump it, Lovello’s unwavering voice halted me.“You toss it, Axia, and you’re only gonna end up spending time redoing that meal. Because I want my dinner. You might as well start replacing those veggies you just tossed.” His voice was so calm and controlled, and his demeanor unperturbed, that I was irked to the point of wanting to throw the damn thing in his face. Who was he to think that he could control me and tell me what to do?“I don’t have to do jack-shit!” Yet, my hands didn’t back up my words, because they didn’t make a move to dump the Mahi Mahi.As if I hadn’t spoken, Lovello reached over the kitchen counter, took up a slice of grilled mango from the tray and began nibbling on it. Then he continued, disregarding my bitch fit. “So, are you going to tell me what was in the room?”What did he know? What wasn’t he telling me? Was this some kind of test of honesty? Because I didn’t do very well at those. “What do you know?”He perfected an arched brow at me. “Is there something I should know?”And I chose to lie. Not lie, but say whatever I wanted. In all my adult years, I’d never had to answer to anyone for anything; and there was no way Lovello was going to take away my womanly independence and have me obediently answering when he questioned me, as if he owned me or something. “No. Nothing you need to know.”“Hmm. Funny,” he mused, as he reached for another piece of mango slice. “A few hours ago, I was in a meeting with a certain Jordon Livingston. Ever heard of him?”Holy shit …When I merely stared at him, immobile and speechless, he continued in an indolent tone as he munched on mango slices. “Internet millionaire? Founder of Seel shopping website? Tall, with ashy-blond hair? Still doesn’t ring a bell?”That idiot! What on earth did he say? Instead of answering Lovello — no, because I couldn’t answer Lovello, I turned from him and began rummaging through the fridge for vegetables to steam again. Not following his orders, just keeping busy … I told myself.Lovello rambled on. “He just so happened to be seated right next to me in that meeting. And you, my baby girl, called to ask what I wanted for dinner. Mr. Livingston didn’t miss your picture that flashed on my phone screen when you were calling, though.” Lovello’s lips made a loud ‘pop’ as he sucked the remnants of mango from his fingers. He could be such a dick sometimes. “Can you make more of these, babe? They’re so good.”The obvious play on his inflection and the words that he never, ever used like “babe” and “baby girl” made me want to start screaming again. There was just one mango slice left on the tray, but now was not the time to complain about him eating the whole thing without a thought that I might need some, too. I’d just have to grill more, as long as he continued to spill what he knew. So I grabbed a mango from the fruit basket as a silent answer to his request.That made him continue. “After the meeting, Mr. Livingston wanted to have a ‘private chat’ with me. A private chat that had him wanting to know just how I sustained having you as my Domme; seeing that he’d been your Sub some two years ago and had to quit because of your lack of passion, your lovelessness and your ruthless need to just punish without a reason.”The knife fell from my hand and skidded across the floor, but Lovello merely carried on in his leisurely tone as if nothing had happened, completely unfazed by my agitation. “You might imagine my confusion. But not wanting to have the poor sucker feel embarrassed by his misunderstanding, I feigned knowledge, thus having him spill everything. After all, he didn’t know the woman who was calling me to ask me what I wanted for dinner like a sweet and innocent girlfriend wouldn’t have told me that she was into that Domme/Sub, whips and chain shit. He couldn’t have known — like I didn’t know — that my girlfriend was a liar. He couldn’t have known — like I can’t believe — that my girlfriend would have the gargantuan balls to look me dead in the eye and lie to me.”I should’ve pulled that idiot’s tongue out when I had the chance. What dumb sod goes around blabbing about their very unnatural lifestyle to a total stranger? “I’m not a liar,” I whispered, unable to meet his eyes.“What are you, then? A phony? A fake? A cheat?” The indolence in his voice was slowly being supplanted by pique. It was evident that he was trying to steer clear of anger, though.“None of the above. That’s just something I used to do that I don’t do anymore. And would rather not talk about.”“And you didn’t think it was germane to tell me? Why would you want to keep something like this from me?”“Because I wasn’t a real Domme, okay? It’s not something that’s in me.”“You’re not making any damn sense, Axia. Why, then, would you do depraved shit like that?”“Because … I can’t tell you.”“You can’t tell me, or you don’t want to tell me?”“I can’t.”Lovello snorted and stood up from the bar stool. He stomped around the kitchen island towards me, grabbed my arm and began leading me out of the kitchen. “Well, you are. You are going to tell me. And now.”Unwilling to let him control me in my own house, I tried to extricate myself from his grasp, fighting and yelling for him to let me go as he hauled me towards the living area. Lovello stopped and gripped my shoulders to still me, looking me dead in the eye, his face hard, severe and … frightening. So much so that I stopped fighting instantly. “Axia, don’t push me. Tonight is not the night to throw one of your crazy fits. And if you hit me, I’ll know it’s because of your predilection for whipping around helpless men. I’m not helpless. So I won’t take it. Therefore, you’d do best to take my advice and chill the hell out.”He stared at me for a beat longer, daring me to retort, but I was so shaken by his threat that my tongue felt heavy in my mouth. There comes a time in a relationship when a woman is forced to acknowledge who’s the man and who’s the woman. This was one of those times for me.When I didn’t give a riposte, he pressed his lips in mollification, resumed his purposeful strides to the living area and sat us down on our favorite sofa. Stretching out so that his back rested against the sofa handle, he removed his shoes, shoved one long leg behind my back and set his other leg in my lap — a subtle way of caging me. As if I couldn’t just wring his big toe and run off, I inwardly snorted.With expectant eyes, he waited for me to continue, pinching the bridge of his nose.“Love, I told you that I can’t —”“Axia…” he warned.Zane was a celebrity, and shit like this just can’t get out. How on earth do I tell him? “You have to promise not to say anything to anyone.”Lovello glared at me with raised brows. “Have I ever come across to you as the kind of man who relishes in gossip? Or the kind of man who rejoices in someone else’s downfall?”“No,” I answered honestly. Taking a deep breath, I began. “Zane. He was the first man for me. And I loved him with all I had. I was desperate to give myself over to him, but he always insisted we wait. Strange, right? You wouldn’t have expected the most popular and desirable guy in school to play the gentleman with all kinds of chivalry when it came on to sex. But he did. Some six months into our relationship, he brought me to this den on one of his father’s neglected estates. Showed me all these canes, and manacles and chains and shit. Initially, I got scared, because I thought he wanted to do all that shit to me. But then he told me that he wanted me to do it to him. I refused at first, until he said that that was the only way he would take me — take my virginity. And that we could only be friends instead of having a relationship if I didn’t. I caved, of course. I didn’t want to lose him. And, at that time, I would’ve done anything to be with him. So … um … that’s how I got into that.”“And did you enjoy doing it?” Lovello’s face was impassive, as was his tone. Not a trace of anything being revealed.“Only when it was with him. Because, in truth, the only reason I did that stuff was because of him.”“What happened to your, er, relationship?”I swallowed. “He broke up with me. He’d found someone older who had years more experience than me. Zane was the one who trained me. But he loved pain. Brutal pain. And that person was able to provide that without him having to give instructions all the time.”Lovello gritted his teeth, a tic jumping in his jaw. “So, basically he just took a vulnerable young girl and introduced her to his screwed-up world, then dumped her.” He lanced hard, sulfurous eyes at me. “You claim it’s not in you and that you only did it because of him, right? So why did you continue with others?”Lowering my head, I began toying with the hem of his pants. “Because I was angry and needed something that would help me expel my anger. But mostly to become better at it, so he would … maybe want me again. You see, he’d broken up with me but he never really left me. He’d always been in my life, but just not the way I wanted him to be. He didn’t want to be with me, but he didn’t want to be without me.”Lovello scoffed. “You’ve got to be shitting me. He either wants you or he doesn’t. Lemme guess, you’ve been attending to his needs even whilst he was with this other person who he dumped you for? This said person who was so much ‘better’ at it than you were?”He marked my silence as approval. “And you think that you were the dominant in that relationship?”I frowned. “Well, yeah. I’ve bee —”“You weren’t the dominant, Axia. He was. He manipulated you into doing what he wanted. He knows how to control you, what to say and do to get you to cave in and play the dominant so he can receive his painful pleasure. The guy’s pretty damn smart.”Indignation swept over me. “You don’t know what you’re talking about. I was the domi —”Lovello held up his palms in surrender to cut me off. “Whatever you say, lady. You’re the one who played the game. Not me. So you should know.”I dropped my eyes to where my fingers fiddled with the hem of his pants, feeling, for the first time in my life, abashed and childlike. It angered me that Lovello could strip me this bare, tear me open and see right through me.There was one problem, though. For years I’d always thought of myself as someone who had to have control to survive. I’d thought the person that Zane had turned me into was who I really was. But then I met Lovello, and with him I was a different person: Someone who wanted all the girly hand-holding, couch-cuddling stuff. To feel emotions and to feel cherished. Someone who got jealous to the extreme over him. Someone who wanted to submit to him — well, not without a little half-hearted fight to show some self-preservation. And my love for Lovello was not desperate and depraved like the love I had for Zane. My love for Lovello was soft, natural, vibrant, real, without the need to do anything to feel wanted by him. My love for him was slow and lingering, flowing and easy. I loved him. With all of me. I loved him.I looked him straight in the eye. “Do you know who I am?”He frowned. “What do you mean?”“Well, I don’t know my own identity. I-I don’t think I know who I truly am. At first I was that girl with Zane, then that girl with my other Subs. Then this girl with you. Sometimes I get so confused, I … I just don’t know…”Lovello tugged my arms so I fell forward onto his chest. “Well, I know that you’re beautiful. Not just beautiful, but ‘oh my God she’s an illusion’ beautiful. That you’re sexy. Not just sexy, but with a one–of-a-kind body and, sweet Jesus, an ultimate ass.”A smile broke on my face. Trust Lovello to be jocular in serious situations.“I also know that outside you are determined, goal-adhered, tough, controlled and sometimes, no, most times, bitchy. But under the roof, you are all woman. Soft, caring, attentive, domesticated, sex-crazed — hmm, that I like. And deeper within, you’re emotional — though you try to hide it. Jealous — though you try to hide it. Delicate — though you struggle to hide it.” He sighed, however. “But to be honest with you, Axia, up until thirty minutes ago I trusted you with my life. Now, you can say I’m disillusioned. You disappoint me. If you can look right at me and just lie to me, I … ah, I don’t know.”Liquid heat burned my vision as tears threatened to roll down my cheeks. Tears of disappointment in myself. I could’ve just been honest with him. But no, he had to force me. It was less than twenty-four hours ago that I was lying here on his chest, one hundred percent sure of his trust in me, because he assured me.But now my lying tongue had ruined that. He should be furious. He should be ending things and telling me to fuck off. But he was still here, holding me. His heart beating at its natural pace. So maybe there was a chance. “I’m sorry. I should’ve just been honest.”He expelled a breath. “Would you have eventually told me if I hadn’t found out on my own?”And there came another chance to be honest. “No.”Lovello raked his fingers through my hair and tilted my head, staring down into my watery eyes. Whatever he was looking for, I hoped he found it. He lowered his head and brushed his lips across mine before slipping his tongue inside, giving me a soft, assuring kiss.When he parted, I laid my head on his chest again, disliking the conviction that I felt when I looked into his eyes. “You know, there’s one thing that you don’t know.”“And what’s that?” his deep voice rumbled, sending the strings of my tender heart vibrating.“That I love you.”


XXI’ve always tried to avoid these types of functions because they tend to bring out the emotional side of even the most hardhearted person. Truth be told, I’ve only ever been to one wedding in my entire life, and it was of an aunt of mine some years ago. I didn’t realize that I’d been grinning throughout the entire thing, until my facial muscles began to hurt.A sheer white canopy intoned with gold stretched over our heads, housing decors of large gold vases stuffed with white roses, pomander balls scattered everywhere, crystal glasses and heavy silverware glistening, while the awe-inspiring sound of the maid of honor’s voice belted out the words of Celine Dion’s Power of Love. Like the majority, I sat back and watched the bride and groom as they locked themselves tightly in each other’s embrace on the dance floor, dancing their first dance which had started some fifteen minutes ago and didn’t seem as if it would be ending anytime soon.Sadie and Natalio’s wedding was phenomenal, which left me all but crying. Their all-white dream was held outdoors on father Nelson’s estate. The man owned so many acres of land it was impossible to believe. His acres went on for miles, and it felt as though we were in our own world at this wedding. It wasn’t a huge wedding, just close friends and family. It was, however, grander than the average ‘close friends and family’ wedding. For as it is, the wealthy tended to have tons of ‘important’ friends. One of those friends being my own father, who I’d been walking sideways like a crab all evening to avoid. Just as I’d been avoiding his calls for the past couple of days.Romaine had phoned me some days ago to give me the news that my father, Vince, had seen Trevillo in some restaurant with my mother all over him, and that Vince was monumentally pissed about it. Ergo, when I saw him phoning me a few hours after Romaine did, I knew he would bombard me with a barrage of questions, so I ignored him. My mother, who’d claimed her visit here was to see me, hadn’t been seen by my eyes ever since she started gallivanting with Trevillo. She’d make sporadic phone calls, promising to stop by, but never did. No bigs, though. It wouldn’t be long before she and Trevillo grew bored of each other.I cut my eyes over in the direction of my father, who had father Nelson yapping in his ear. When he caught me looking in his direction, he narrowed disapproving eyes at me, which made me quickly avert my eyes back to the bride and groom. Natalio was looking like a million bucks, fresh and crisp from the bank, in his all-white tux. His overgrown hair was brushed back neatly from his face, his bright blue eyes lost in the watery cognac-browns of his new wife. Sadie had changed from her fuss of a wedding dress and was now wearing a flirty, bust-enhancing white dress that whispered above her knees, her overly long hair cascading down her back in wild fluffs of curls. The couple were simply stunning.Natalio bent his head to whisper in her ear, and I watched as twin tears rolled down her cheeks before Natalio smiled and claimed her quivering lips. That, right there, was love spelled out in bold capitals.“Hello there,” came a deep voice from above me.The sound of the voice startled, and I snapped my head up to see Trevillo giving me one of his diabolic smiles. Everything about him was so cheeky, it wouldn’t surprise me if he told me that he and the Devil were pen pals.“Hi, Trev,” I answered.He took the seat next to me, and my eyes instinctively darted around in search of Lovello, but he was nowhere to be seen. He’d wandered off on some “important” phone call over thirty minutes ago and was yet to return.“You look bored and unimpressed, pretty thing. Wanna challenge me to another arm-wrestle? I hear that sparks tend to fly during the harshness, labored breathing and energy burning of such a challenge. Kind of like an incendiary for unknown passion. Have you heard?” he all but breathed on me, putting extra emphasis on his H’s.“No.”I swear the man was like an open flame, and if one wasn’t careful, they’d end up getting toasted. Luckily, I was made of steel and not plastic. If I didn’t already have his sex-on-a-stick brother, who sent my heart hammering on super-bass every time he so much as looked at me, I’d envy the woman who managed to bring this guy to his knees.“Liar,” he shot back, his eyes shimmering with that wicked gleam. “You introduced me to it.”“Trev,” I began on an exasperated sigh, turning to lance him a square glare. “I’m with your brother. Nothing’s gonna happen between us. On top of that, you’re nailing my mother. So just forget what you think you felt the other day. It’s not happening.”A frown clouded his features. “So, you and my brother, you two are, like, serious?”Wow. If he had to ask, then maybe Lovello wasn’t acting like he was serious about me to others. That kind of hurt. I knew I was serious about him. Now. He’d remained silent last night when I opened up my heart and told him I loved him. It’s not like I was expecting him to return the words or anything. But being asked the question by someone else, if we were serious about each other, had me wishing he’d said something back, that way I’d know where we stood as a couple. “I know I’m serious about him. I’m in love with him. You’d have to find out from your brother if he’s serious about me.”Trevillo rubbed his forehead. “Oh, wow. I, um, I thought you two were jus —”“Thought I told you to stay away from my woman, Trev?”We both swiveled our heads to find Lovello glowering down at Trevillo, his eyes hard and implacable. He grabbed me by my arm and pulled me up from the chair, shoving me partially behind him in a defensive gesture.Trevillo shrugged, unperturbed. “She was bored. And I was merely keeping her company. You left her here alone and fucked off talking business while at your brother’s wedding. And then you wanna give us shit about putting work over everything else? Ha.”“She doesn’t need your company. Stay. Away. From. Her. Or I swear, Trev, no one will be able to recognize you by the time I’m done rearranging that face of yours.”Trevillo just sat back and stared up at his brother with a small smile on his face like a fractious, obdurate child that’ll never reform, while I was fuming. Fuming at the way Lovello was treating me like Little Red Riding Hood that needed protection from The Big Bad Wolf. Or as if I were that juicy piece of lamb leg lying between the lion and the tiger.I knew what the problem was, though. And I was beyond angry at myself for letting him lose all sense of trust in me. I wrung my arm out of his grasp with enough force for him to direct his glower to me. “Don’t speak on my behalf as if I’m some goddamned hare-brained child! I can handle myself.” I crossed my arms over my chest, staring him in the eyes. “Let’s say Trev decides not to stay away from me. What do you think is going to happen, Love?”Lovello averted his gaze from me, running a hand through his hair and leaving a mess of what was once neatly groomed. When he didn’t offer an answer, I asked, “Have I really screwed up that badly that you can’t lend me even an ounce of trust? Why don’t you save yourself the stress and just leave me, then?” My voice broke at the latter, signaling my weakness.Before I embarrassed myself further with any more of those dramatic, girly-girl outbursts, I flounced off from the reception canopy. I’d hate to be the one to ruin Natalio and Sadie’s big day.Wandering a few yards away from the merriment of the reception, I took a seat on a wrought-iron bench that was situated under a sprawling weeping willow tree. As much as I loved Lovello, maybe it was time for us to end things. It was senseless trying to have a relationship without trust. And I’d forever be feeling compunction for lying to him.It’s amazing how the breaking of one tiny string could ruin the entire structure of something that was deemed strong. I loved him with every inch of my being, and I’d never felt more remorse in life than for being dishonest with him the last night. So blatantly, too. Even though I’d suspected he knew something, I still lied.Now, his lack of trust in me was making him possessive, controlling and guarding. I didn’t want him to always have to be pissing on his hydrant and staking his claim. I wanted him to know, incontestably, that I was his, without a smite of doubt in his mind that I might do this or give in to that.“Been affected by Trev, huh?”My head shot up at the perceptive female voice. It was Sadie. She smiled at me and winked as she sat down next to me.“You should be up there with your new husband, Sadie,” I told her.“And you should be in there accompanying that angel of a man you have,” she grinned. “Alas, my ‘new husband’ is busy playing referee with your angel and Satan’s son.”My laugh couldn’t be suppressed. Glad I wasn’t the only one who perceived that Trevillo was a living rakehell.“It’s not a crime, you know,” she continued. “The first time I met Lovello, I was affected. I think I can recall asking him if he was legal — and at that time, Natalio’s arm was wrapped around my waist.”“Really?”“Yep,” she confirmed, nodding to emphasize. “And I was affected the second time, the third, the fourth and the fifth. It’s hard not to be affected by a face like that. And Love’s blatant flirting didn’t help much.”“Understandable. But at least Natalio trusts you enough to know you are his and wouldn’t do something dumb like sleeping with his brother.”Sadie scoffed. “Have you met my husband? Really, have you? See that over there?” She nodded towards the reception where Lovello and Trevillo seemed to be bickering at each other while Natalio made placatory gestures. “That’s like déjà vu for me. Only, Trevillo would be the one playing the referee between Love and Natalio.”“You’re kidding.”“Nope. Natalio used to warn off Lovello all the time. Telling him to stay away from me. But Love wouldn’t. And they’d always be in each other’s faces making empty threats. Now, as much as you see him playing the referee, Natalio is reveling in Love’s misery, saying that Lovello now knows what it felt like when he used to blatantly flirt with me.” She frowned as she said, “Although, I don’t know what the hell’s Trev’s problem, he doesn’t even like younger women. Strange.” Sadie shrugged and tossed her long hair over her shoulders. “It took some time for Natalio to get over his jealousy of Lovello, because he sure as hell wasn’t staying away and I simply loved talking to the guy. He listens and he gives wise advice. And now he’s like my best friend. You gotta leave them to their crazy display of jealousy and arguments. They’re brothers who love each other more than anything. But you can’t swallow the guilt pill because you’ve been affected by your guy’s brother. That’s just hormones. You know, unerringly, who your heart belongs to. Who makes you out of breath just by breathing in theirs.”I’d never imagined I’d be having chats like this with anyone other than Trudy. But Sadie was overly sweet and natural, and conversing with her brought no discomfort. It was easy. “Well, that’s something I didn’t know I needed to hear. Sure as hell just eased a lot of my tension. I was all but nailing myself to the cross.”Sadie opened her mouth to reply but then folded her lips, her eyes fixed past me. I followed her gaze to see Lovello striding towards us. She leaned closer to whisper, “Just look at him. All the guy needs is two white wings and a halo. Phew.”We giggled. Sure enough, Lovello, dressed in his white tux and looking as flourishing as white roses, was a pseudo-angel.“Natalio summons you, Rainbow,” Lovello said when he halted in front of us.Sadie rolled her eyes, gave a slight bow of her head and replied in a sarcastic tone, “And I’ll attend to His Grace.”I wasn’t aware that I’d been staring after her with a smile on my face as she walked away, until Lovello said, “She’s easy to like, isn’t she?”“Quite easy.” I refused to meet his eyes.“Are you coming back to the reception?”“Why should I? Aren’t you worried I might pocket your family’s expensive silverware?”“I don’t think you’re a thief.”I lifted my head to look at him. “How can you not? Every liar is a thief, and every thief is a murderer.”A muscle flinched in his jaw, and he made a mess of his hair again before crouching down to level our eyes. “Axia, you looked me dead in the eyes and lied to me. You can’t expect me to —”“Then just leave me, Love. It’s simple.” God knows I can’t leave you.“Will you stop saying that,” Lovello hissed through gritted teeth.“What do y —”“Just…” He lidded his eyes to shut me out, his face hard and tense, every facial muscle sharpened and rigid. When he opened them, his slate-grays revealed … absolutely nothing. “Just give me some time. I need time to rebuild what you’ve broken, okay?”Who was I to throw a bitch fit when he was giving me a chance? “Okay.”“He’s heading over here now, Axia,” Lovello whispered in my ear and nodded in the direction where my father, alongside his father, were making their path towards us. “You can no longer avoid him.”Although he was speaking to me, it sounded as if he were speaking to himself also. Excluding his father, I’d been introduced to all his family members here at the wedding. His mother, Melinda, was sweet and angelically beautiful. His sister, Princessa, was a tad snarky, but dealing with people like her was my specialty. Besides, her brothers shunned her so much — though I’m not sure why — that it was almost as if they didn’t have a sister. They fussed over Sadie more than they did her. Everyone else was warm and welcoming to me. But I was yet to be introduced to father Nelson, and I couldn’t shake the thought that Lovello had been trying to avoid his father, as I was avoiding mine.Melinda, whom we were chatting with at the time, followed our gazes and released a great sigh when she saw her husband and my father nearing us. “Son, I’ll leave you two now. Nice meeting you, Axia.” With that, she took off like a plane on a runway.“Axia, sweetheart,” Vince greeted when the two men finally reached us. “Do I dare say it’s a surprise to see you here? Seems you’ve been keeping secrets from me.” He shifted his eyes to Lovello to indicate what the secret was. “Last time this gentleman was in my house, you were throwing daggers at him.”Marcello roared with laughter, his steel-gray eyes twinkling at me with a comforting warmth. “Oh, that’s exactly what he needs. A woman, strong and independent enough to afford throwing daggers at him.”Marcello Nelson was of a towering height. His hair, though thoroughly silvered, was rich and thick atop his head. His steel-gray eyes were intensely intense, but captivating. With defined square jaw, a straight nose and full lips, there was no mistaking where his sons’ handsomeness came from.To answer my father’s question, “No, Daddy. I haven’t been keeping any secrets from you. It’s only because we haven’t been able to catch up lately.”“Any specific reason why you’ve been avoiding my calls?”“I haven’t —” I broke off, realizing that I was just about spew a lie with Lovello standing right next to me, the man who I was trying to get to trust me again. Best if I started practicing telling the truth in everything. Big or small. “Yes. And I believe you know why.”“Hmm” was all he said, pinning me with a glare that said ‘we’ll sure as hell be talking later’. He then cleared his throat and introduced, “Marcello, this is my blessed daughter, Axia.”Marcello gifted me an adoring smile and embraced me in a hug. “Nice to finally meet you, Axia — well, now, as a grown woman and not as a little, dark-haired girl with pigtails, in tights and sneakers running numerous laps around the horse tracks.”Vince gave a hearty laugh, his eyes glossing over. “My, my. She was an athletic little thing, wasn’t she?”“Sure was,” Marcello confirmed. “Your father here talks a lot about you. I hope you’re enjoying my son’s celebration of found happiness.”Lovello coughed a cough that didn’t sound authentic. It was then I realized that he hadn’t said a single word since the older men strolled up to us. Instead, his eyes were darting around the reception as if he were bored with the conversation.Marcello’s face grew hard and serious, if not intimidating. His eyes were cold as ice when he pinned them to a ‘distracted’ Lovello and yanked his attention back. “Son, are you going to be a gentleman and tell me about your date?”“Father, she’s right in front of you and her father’s right next to you. Who can give a more accurate description than herself and her father? I know only as much as you know.” Lovello’s tone was both reverential and acerbic at the same time.What was his problem? Why didn’t he want to introduce me to his father? My eyes slid over to Vince’s, whose features had arranged themselves into a confusing frown.“Miss Blacksille is a lovely young lady. From good roots and substantial enough to make you a good wife, son.”Lovello redirected his attention to the reception where everyone was dancing and laughing, then muttered in a bored inflection, “I’ll bear that in mind.”Deeply offended, and feeling as if an anchor had been dunked in my stomach, I slipped my hand from Lovello’s. Pretty sure my cheeks were a shade of crimson, because I was greatly embarrassed at how Lovello spoke of me like I was nothing. I couldn’t even look at my father, fearing what I’d see in his eyes.Lovello, feeling the break of connection, turned his face to me. That was all it took for him to recognize that I was hurting. Sighing, he snaked his arms around my waist, locking me to him. “Do you still want to take pictures of the cake before they cut it?”The passivity in his eyes told me that I should just agree to his silly cake question so we could escape our fathers. Fearing my pain might be exposed if I spoke, I nodded. Lovello mumbled a few words to the men and whisked me away.For the second time that evening, I had to question if Lovello was serious about me or not. He kept confusing me. Trevillo’s question, of course, had me questioning where we stood as a couple. And now Lovello’s plain out refusal to introduce me to his father — which didn’t even have anything to do with our relationship but manners.Since I failed us both last night, I had assumed the position of a weak and spineless submissive. For the sake of regaining the man’s trust, I hadn’t really been Axia Blacksille. Or maybe it was because I’d allowed myself to fall in love again? And much harder this time around? Yep. You fall in love, and you set yourself up for hurt and pain. There would always be displays of weakness and vulnerability.Now was the time to put a noose around my neck and stand on a block of ice for being so damn stupid! Stupid enough to inflict pain on my own heart by falling in love. Again. Harder. Harder. So much harder.We were a good distance away from our fathers when Lovello stopped walking and peered down at me anxiously. “Axia, I don’t want you to think that any of that was about you, okay?”“Really? Can you explain to me who or what it was about, please? Because you’ve just made me look like a complete idiot in front of my father!”He released me and began pinching the bridge of his nose, a habit I’d noticed only recently. “I’m sorry, Axia. I didn’t mean to. It’s just him … the man is just…”“Him who? Your father?”“Yes.”“What about him? He seems nice.”Lovello ceased his nose pinching and looked at me through eyes that were bulging from their sockets. “Nice? Did you just say nice?”“I don’t understand. He wasn’t mean to me, so I don’t get why you wouldn’t introduce me to him as your date.”“Axia, there’s nothing nice about that man. He’s a domineering, intimidating, high-handed bastard. The only reason he’s nice to you is because you’re of rich roots, with further strength that you’re the daughter of his good friend. I didn’t introduce you to him because he would only think I brought you here to seek his approval. And I honestly don’t give a shit what he thinks.”“Seek his approval? For what?”“Of you being eligible to date or marry me.”I tried to stifle a laugh and failed. “Are you serious? Isn’t that some ancient days thing?”“The man’s seriously archaic, Axia. He refuses to succumb to modernization. We believe he was erringly born in the wrong time period,” Lovello laughed.“You still could’ve handled the situation a little better than that, Love. My father was right there. And I imagine he’s just as embarrassed as I am.”Lovello raked a hand through his hair. “I know. I’m sorry. It’s just … you remember me mentioning an ex-girlfriend of mine, Nicole?”Oh, the first love. “Yeah.”“Well, I fell … I met her when I was around eighteen. Really liked her. We were together for about two years, going strong, until I made the stupid mistake of bringing her here. My father was rude and dismissive, making it clear she could never become a part of this family, accusing her of wanting me for money and all that. Both her parents were blue collars, so there was no possibility of him being nice to her. And because of his bullying, she left me.”“Wow, um, well that sounds like a scene from a historical film,” I strangled out, as I tried not to laugh. “Sans the eloping and committing suicide together.”Lovello narrowed his eyes at me. “Don’t make fun of this, Axia. If you don’t believe me, ask Sadie. Father gave her a helluva challenge when Natalio first brought her here. But trust me, that beautiful, long-haired girl you see over there is a lot tougher than she looks. She fought back. And now she’s like his ultimate daughter-in-law.” He wrapped his arms around me, pressing me up against him. “I’m sorry, beauts. Forgive me? I promise I’ll find your father later and apologize.”Forgive and you’ll be forgiven … “You’re forgiven.”With that, his lips crashed down on mine, blessing me with his sweet tongue that I hadn’t tasted in hours. He demanded. And I submitted. His tongue growing more acquisitive as the kiss lasted. Feeling my skin heat with sudden need, I threw my arms around his neck, tipping up on my toes to kiss him deeper while pressing my body harder against his.Dios, lo amo.When I felt his hardening arousal, however, I pulled back, mumbling against his lips, “We can’t get all horned up in the middle of a wedding reception, Love.”“Who says?” he grumbled, slipping his tongue back inside my mouth and digging his hardness further into my stomach.Pulling away for good, I smacked him. “I do, Pretty Boy.”He smiled one of his ‘life will be good after all’ smiles. “Did I forget to tell you just how sexy you look today with your hair down and blown out like that? You’re so … breathtaking. And this dress…” he trailed off as his hands traveled down to my ass. “Hmm, this dress. When we get home, I’m gonna —”“Hey, you two, knock it off! This is my wedding, not yours.”We both jerked our heads up to see Natalio a few feet away from us, grinning from ear to ear, while Sadie stood with her bouquet raised in the air. “I’m gonna throw the bouquet now, Axia. You coming?”Lovello shifted his eyes to me with a raised brow. He knew that was definitely not my scene. When he saw my expression, he laughed and waved off Sadie who just shrugged and assumed her position to toss the bouquet.Pretty Boy Nelson tilted my chin, and dropped a soft kiss on my lips before whispering, “You don’t need to catch a bouquet to hope you’ll hold your own one day, beauts.”


XXI“I just don’t understand. You don’t look, act, or speak like a lesbo. Forgive me, but I’m still in shock.”Trudy laughed, wagging her head at my bedazzlement as our feet pounded against the running belt of the treadmills. We were doing our customary early morning workouts, while rekindling our friendship that had been on a two-week break, due to the implacable anger I’d had towards her for keeping her sexuality a secret from me. She’d tried to explain, and I’d yelled and shouted disparaging things and had even slapped her. We’d infuriatingly lied about how much we hated each other and had been malicing for all of fourteen days.Our ire was now cold dead, and we were friends again. I loved Trudy to pieces, and not having my best friend to yap with had been murdering me. So there we were, back to our old selves as if nothing had happened.“You really want to rehash that argument, Axia? Just believe it, and shut up about it. I’m gay, okay? Never slept with a man in my life. Never been curious about it, either. And I go barmy for chicks. It’s that simple. I don’t need to have ‘lesbian’ slapped across my forehead. We know our kind. Now, can you just get over it?”“But I just don —”“Oh God, Axia. Please. Stop. You’re killing me,” Trudy groaned, cranking up the speed on her treadmill.“Okay. I’m done being shocked.” I cranked up my treadmill speed, too, and muttered, “Lesbo.“ We both burst out laughing. It was good to have my friend back. Just with a new quirk. “So, are you really gonna throw away two years of relationship with Carla just because she messed up once? I think you’re being unfair. You’re the one who was slutting around.”Trudy shook her head. “Carla’s more of a nuisance to me now, in all honesty. I’d grown bored with our relationship since we were nine months in. But I’d continued with it anyway, because I knew she loved me a lot, and I didn’t wanna hurt her. This mess-up of hers was the perfect opportunity for me to end it without looking like the bad guy. Sweet.”“That’s why you’ve been sneaking around with those other girls?”“Yep.”“And Tish?”Trudy’s face hardened, almost looking pained. She cranked the treadmill speed higher and started running faster so she couldn’t talk to me. Was she hurt by what Tish did? Did she have deeper feelings for Tish than the others? I slowed my treadmill to walking pace and leaned over to slow hers also, ignoring her scowl. “Tell me, what’s up with Tish? Are you hurt by what she did?”“I don’t wanna talk about her,” Trudy snapped bitterly, holding her gaze straight ahead.My eyes expanded in realization. “Holy shit. You love her, don’t you?”A long silence stretched between us, before Trudy finally admitted, “Yes. I do. She’s tough, focused, demanding and reminds me a lot of … you.”“Whoa. Whoa. If this is the part where you start telling me that you have or had a crush on me, then I don’t wanna hear it. Keep that tidbit to yourself. Please.“Trudy’s lips curved into a chagrined smile, and instead of denying it, she just said, “Okay.”Awkward. “Um, back to Tish.”“What’s there to say? Tish was a game-changer for me. I fell for her. Hard. Broke it off with the other girls and was gonna break up with Carla. Then she effed up. End of tale.”“Trudy, I think you’re being a bit unreasonable. You weren’t Mother Teresa. You were a supreme slut! Or in Love’s words: ‘a beast’. If anyone should be understanding, it should be you.”Trudy shook her head, her blonde ponytail wagging. “You don’t get it. I wasn’t cheating on Tish with anyone. I was cheating on everyone with Tish. She cheated on me with the same woman I was gonna break up with for her. She shouldn’t have cheated on me, just like I’d never cheated on her.”As much as I tried, I couldn’t stop myself from howling in laughter. “I’m not even gonna pretend that I understand any of what you just said. ‘Cause none of that makes any damn sense.”“Good, I’m glad it doesn’t. That way you’ll stop badgering me. Besides, that stalwart new trainer you have is making me rethink my sexuality,” she said, nodding in the direction where the new trainer I’d hired was heading towards us. I knew she was trying to throw me off the topic of Tish, and it worked.Cody had started working here just a week ago, and I’d be a lying scumbag if I said I hadn’t been stealing glances at him when he wasn’t looking. He was of average height, around six feet, with buzz-cut brown hair and sea-blue eyes. Of course, his athletic body was thoroughly built. He’d quickly become the women’s rewarding treat at the end of their vigorous workouts each day. They showed no shame in staring the poor guy down.“I know he’s nowhere in comparison to your lover boy, Axia, but you can’t deny that this guy is scrumptious,” Trudy muttered.“Will you stop contaminating me with your ‘wandering eye’ disease?” I hissed at her as Cody neared us, which made her guffaw.Cody stopped at my treadmill, wrapping his long fingers around the handle. “Axia, I was won —”“Miss Blacksille, please,” I corrected.Cody laughed nervously and ran a hand over his shaved head. “Okay, Miss Blacksille. That girl over there on the pink workout mat, is she yours? She’s doing everything wrong and I want —”“So what are you saying? That I’m a lousy trainer?”“No, I —”“You said she’s doing everything wrong. Which implies that everything I teach my trainees are wrong. You think you’re better then, right?”Cody ran both hands over his head this time, then narrowed his eyes at me. He was trying to figure out if I was serious or if I was messing with him. Of course I was messing with him. But I’d prefer it if he thought I was serious, so I kept my face impassive.“No, that’s not what I was saying. I’m just tryna find out if she belongs to any other trainer here so I can try to take her on.” As he said this, he didn’t seem to realize that his eyes had traveled from my face and got stuck on my breasts.“My face is up here, Muscle Boy,” I said, pointing at my face.He snapped his gaze back to my face and made another nervous laugh, then continued. “I-I just wanna make sure I’m not, um, stepping on anyone’s toes.” And yep, his eyes drifted down my body again.“Are we still talking about the girl over there?”Cody’s eyes flew to mine with a glimmer of hope and he flashed me a shy smile. Cute, he thought I was flirting with him.I almost rolled my eyes. “Here you’ll most definitely be stepping on somebody’s toe. A toe that’s like a landmine. You don’t even wanna try tiptoeing around that toe — or else you’ll be warranted a lost leg. But her over there?” I pointed to the girl on the pink mat that was pulling on her poor neck as she tried to do sit-ups. “Yeah, she’s free. She just signed up two days ago. So go ahead and knock yourself out.”Cody frowned, staring at me oddly as if trying to figure me out. Again he ran a hand over his head, muttered a “thanks” and carried himself away on his strong, muscled legs.“Jeez, Axia. You didn’t have to be such a bitch to him. He obviously likes you. And he’s seriously hot,” Trudy scolded.“Yeah, he is. But he lacks the balls to call me out on my bitchiness.” I powered off my treadmill and stepped down, grabbing my water bottle from the bottle holder. “You see, guys like him, I can have them eating from the palm of my hand by merely flashing them a smile. I can so easily toy them on my fingers like a yo-yo. They get nervous and intimidated if I’m bitchy. But with my Pretty Boy, there’s none of that bullshit. That sonuvabitch owns me.”Some four weeks later, Lovello and I swanned through the doors of his work building; I’d promised to escort and ensure that he got on the elevator safely. Uh huh, we were that goony about each other.With the time being just after noon, the atmosphere was subdued, as everyone was now settling back into their work spaces after lunch. Lovello and I had boycotted working for the first half of the day to stay at home and roll in the hay. I’d merely laughed and shook my head when I’d gotten a call from Trudy, who gave me the news that the popstar, Netta Williams, had popped up at Coded Solutions to visit Lovello. There’d been no need for me to play the jealous bitch, because my man was in my bed, with me. So there’s no possible way he could have known that the coveting Netta Williams was going to visit. She merely wanted what was mine. Flew all the way from New York for it. But she wasn’t going to get it.We finally reached the elevator, laughing inanely at how ridiculous we were being, and with Lovello asking me who was going to ensure that I got to work safely, seeing that I was playing the man in ensuring he got to work safely. Just one of our usual leisure days, it was. We were happy.Loving.Enjoying each other.Until the elevator doors opened.Until. The. Elevator. Doors. Opened …They slid open, revealing a tall, honey-skinned woman standing on smooth, long legs that went on for miles. Her medium-length, dark brown hair was scissored in an edgy style with highlights of platinum blonde. Her curvy figure did great justice to a cream-colored, square-necked pencil dress, and her feet were covered in a pair of turquoise pumps that I’m pretty sure were more than six inches high. Nice, this woman sure as hell put a lot of effort into her upkeep. She was highly polished, buffed and shined. To the ninth. If she wasn’t so copious in the boob and hips department, I’d have passed her off as a model.It took me a few moments to realize that time had somehow stopped since the elevator doors opened. The only thing that was moving were my eyes, back and forth between the woman and Lovello as I tried to decipher what was going on. The woman was staring at Lovello with amazement in her eyes, and he was staring back at her with what? Fright? Awe? Adoration?Some centuries later, after many great kings had reigned and died, after technology got more advanced to flying cars, and Kentucky Fried Chicken became a thing of the past, Lovello finally said, “Nicole…”The woman, who I’d now discovered, by Lovello’s one word, as his ex, didn’t answer. She merely gazed back at him through glossy eyes as she took slow steps from the elevator.As she got nearer, I slipped my hand from Lovello’s, and he didn’t seem to care that I did. Then, in one breath, Nicole pounced on Lovello, throwing her arms around his neck and exclaiming, “Oh, Ty! My God, it’s been so long! It’s so good to see you, Ty.”Ty? Was that short for his middle name Tyler? Well then, jolly, she had her own intimate name for him.“Um, Nicole, what’re you doing here?” Lovello seemed to have found his voice.Nicole pulled herself from the hug, smoothing out Lovello’s jacket with her perfectly manicured fingers. “To see you, of course.”“I can see that. But I mean, here, in SF? Aren’t you supposed to be getting married?”Nicole took on a woe-is-me expression. “Canceled. It’s a long story.”Lips folded, I stuffed my hands inside the back pockets of my jeans, thinking I could just leave right now and Lovello wouldn’t even notice. He’d probably even forgotten we’d come in together.Nicole slid her hand down Lovello’s chest. “Can we go up and talk, or are you busy now?” she purred, cutting her eyes over to me in question.Well, look at that! I’ve been visible all this time? Who would’ve thought?Lovello followed her gaze and his eyes widened a fraction as if he were surprised to see me standing there. So he had forgotten we’d come into the building together. He reached for my hand, but I kept it glued in my pocket. Narrowing his eyes at me, he wrapped his arm around my shoulders instead and tugged me closer to him. “Nicole, this is my girlfriend, Axia. Axia, this is Nicole.”Nicole’s eyes shot to Lovello with a surprised expression, as if not quite understanding the term ‘girlfriend’. She brought her gaze back to me, her light gold irises frosting over as she offered me a tight smile. “Hi.”With a perfunctory nod of my head, I was just as friendly as her. Turning to Lovello, I told him, “I better get going. Text me what your palate desires for dinner.”When I turned to leave, however, he pulled me back. “But you haven’t fulfilled your promise of ensuring that I get on the elevator safely, lady.”Could he not see that I wasn’t in a damn mood to be smiling right now? Not with Miss Polish and Shine freezing me with her envious eyes. “That game has been sent to ruination now, don’t you think? This is quite the day of unexpected visits for you, Pretty Boy.”Lovello sent his eyes heavenward, but refused to argue. He tilted my chin up and gave me a very inappropriate, tongue-dipping kiss. Was he trying to reassure me? Bringing his lips to my ear, he said, “Told you we should’ve boycotted work for the entire day. Don’t be mad at me, it’s your fault.”That made me smile, and I grabbed the edges of his jacket and kissed him quite voraciously, whispered my favorite words, “Te amo”, then sauntered away, leaving the long-legged flamingo looking sour-faced.It’s not that I was jealous of her. There was just something about her spirit that didn’t sit well with me.Nevertheless, the trust aspect of the relationship between Lovello and me was like a spider’s web fighting to sustain itself against harsh winds. Spiders’ houses were the most fragile of houses, and that’s where our relationship resided at the moment. We therefore needed to strengthen our trust in each other so we could graduate from the weakness and insecurity of a spider’s web to the secure hardness of a turtle’s shell, hopefully.Therefore, I gave my lover the benefit of the doubt and walked away, leaving him with a woman who, though I hated to admit it, was much too attractive for any sane man to resist.If I couldn’t trust him with his ex, then maybe what I thought we had wasn’t real. Or worse, maybe he was never mine. I’d be lying if I said the remainder of my day had been all mellow-jello like a vacation Sunday morning on the beach. It was anything but. What woman, as insanely in love as I was, would be able to maintain peace of mind knowing that her guy was in the company of his oh-so-stunning ex? That her long, smooth legs were probably locked around his waist as he rammed himself into her on his office desk while they both professed how much they missed each other. Heaven knows, I was not okay. Giving the benefit of the doubt wasn’t exactly the easiest thing in the world to do.The thing is, he’d mentioned Nicole to me on a few occasions, and from those bits I’d deduced that he either loved her or had profound feelings for her. He’d never actually admitted that he used to be in love with her, but he’d never denied that he was either. That’s what made me so disconcerted. Was he over what he’d felt for her, or was he not? What if she came to reclaim him, would he take her back? There was an inordinate amount of questions swirling around in my head, it was impossible for me to focus on any one thing.My insecurities, I believe, were on account of the fact that Lovello was yet to enlighten me just what I meant to him in this relationship. Whenever I love someone, I let them know. I never spare words, because everything I do, I do it wholeheartedly, to the extremity. So on a daily basis, I professed my love to him in profusion, but he never once returned the words. Veraciously speaking, it doesn’t bother me that the words aren’t returned, because I know that men are different when it comes on to expressing their emotions. In situations like these, however, it was hard to combat my insecurities, due to the uncertainty of what, truly, I meant to him.My phone buzzed, hauling me from my brain-slaughtering thoughts. Great, it was my ex this time, Zane. Over the past few weeks, he’d been perplexingly determined for us to get back together. I hadn’t informed him that I was in a relationship, like a real relationship, because I didn’t think I needed to tell him a damn thing other than that the possibility of us getting back together was nil. He wouldn’t believe me if I told him I was in love with someone anyway, because he clings tightly to the notion that I was his and that I’d never love anyone else but him. Cocky sod.His relentless pressing was beginning to be a bother, and I seldom replied. Like now, when the text message merely rambled on about how much he ‘loved’ and ‘missed’ me, I simply hit ‘delete’. That night, I ate dinner alone. For some strange reason, Lovello didn’t think it was important to inform me that he would be home five hours late. Not a phone call or text message had I received from him since I’d left him at noon. But I tried to assure my sighing heart that everything was fine. For the past month or so, he worked late on most nights because he’d started the ‘Trudy Green’ project, and this, I was informed, was the birthing stage where excess amount of work needed to be injected. Nonetheless, it had never been a detriment to our relationship, because he’d cared enough to always alert me that he’d be working late, and for how long. In addition, Trudy’s late-night working, too, would verify it all.I wasn’t mad. Just disappointed.Things like this needed to occur to remind us that we weren’t married, anyway. There was no bondage between us and neither of us owed an ounce of obligation to the other. We moved in sync much like a married couple, so simple things like a forgotten phone call were exactly what was needed to ring the Reality bell.As agreed when we left my house that afternoon, I was at his home in his bed — each day, you see, we agreed upon whose house we’d be sleeping at the coming night — but now I was wishing I was at my home instead, rubbing Timo’s ears. What was the point of being at his home if he wasn’t there?I managed to keep my eyes open, watching wrestling matches on ESPN, until sleep overpowered and claimed me at around 11:30pm.The next morning when I awoke, I was pleased to find Lovello’s arms wrapped around me as he breathed even, steady breaths on the back of my neck. It felt how it always felt to wake up with him wrapped around me: Right. But I had to get ready for work, so I stealthily peeled myself away from him, showered and made breakfast. As usual, at the time when I was shooting through the door for work, that was the time when his alarm went off.We finally exchanged words when he called me around noon that day — in all of twenty-four hours. Even so, the conversation was stilted and sounded somewhat obligatory.“Hey, beauts,” he greeted.“Hey. ‘Sup?” I tried to sound chirpy, though I was far from it.“I missed you this morning.”“Just this morning?”“Well, no. I’ve been missing you for the last twenty-four hours.”“Hmm, I miss you, too.”What ensued was something that never happened between us: awkward silence.“So, how was reuniting with Nicole yesterday?” I broke through our quietude.He cleared his throat. “It was … interesting. I was more than surprised to see her, actually. The last I heard, she was engaged to some wealthy political figure in Germany and was to be wedded next month.”“So what happened?”“Well, she claims she caught her ex-fiancé cheating on her — with a man. That he paid her off to keep quiet about it and leave the country. But I’m not sure I believe that. Nicole is just not the kind of girl that a man … whatever, it doesn’t matter,” he dismissed.“So she moved back here?”He cleared his throat again. What’s up with that? “Yes.”There was a sound of knuckles against wood in the background and he told the knocker to enter, then started talking to the person without even asking me to hold. “Is this the daytime one? … No, I’m pretty sure this one will put me to sleep in a minute, get the daytime … Yes … Oh fetch a pack of Halls, too … Who? … What does she want again? … Okay, send her up in ten.” Shuffling followed, and then he was back on the line. “Beauts?”“Do you want to be on this phone call with me right now?” I asked, annoyed.It took him a moment to answer. “What do you mean? I called you, didn’t I?”“Yeah. But you don’t sound like yourself. And it seems as if you’d much rather be doing anything else than discussing your ex with me, or even talking to me at all.”“You’re right, I don’t care to be discussing my ex with you. And I may not sound like myself because I’m sleep-deprived and my throat feels sore, as if I’m catching a cold. So to answer your question in truth: no, I don’t want to be on this phone call with you right now. I’d rather be at home with you in my bed wearing one of your sexy lingerie and feeding me chicken soup.”Oh. He knows how to make my stomach unfurl. “It’s your company, no one’s stopping you from taking the day off if you’re feeling sick. And I’ll be all too happy to play nurse.”“Hmm, I really, really miss you, Axia. I miss you.” He paused for a few moments, as if giving his words time to soak in. But all he said was that he missed me, there was nothing in that deserving of the pause effect. Though I wasn’t sure why he emphasized the ‘you’. “However,” he continued, “I have, not one, but two momentous meetings to attend today. So my day, unfortunately, lends no such leisure. But I sure as hell will be looking forward to you being my night nurse later.” He drawled the latter. “Be sure you’re in my bed when I get home.”Bed, he says. “Does that mean you’ll be in late tonight?”“Maybe. I’ll let you know.” A ringing sound went off in the background. “Gotta go, beauts. Later.” There was no night nurse playing that night, though, because Lovello had pulled another late night, and, again, hadn’t bothered to alert me. The following morning when I woke up with him wrapped around me like an ivy, I was once again leaving for work at the time his alarm began chiming. And that noon, I’d gotten a call from him that was far more stilted than the one the previous day. The same happened that night: empty promises, no Lovello at night and I’d be gone before he was awake in the morning.Once upon a time, I would’ve been playing the crazy card. Cursing, bitching, tossing missiles, and all things chaotic. But now, I honestly didn’t feel like wearing the mask of a monkey’s ass. We were drifting apart, and I was allowing it.Why was I the one who always had to fight for our relationship? If he didn’t want this between us, then I wouldn’t force it. So, after the fourth night of having dinner alone, I stopped going by his house after work and went to my own instead. He’d know where to find me if he wanted me. No way on earth was I going to assume the role of a boring housewife for a man who didn’t think alerting me that he’d be in late was requisite.It didn’t seem to bother him that we hadn’t really seen each other in over ninety-six hours. His dutiful afternoon calls would say one thing, but then his actions didn’t go in accord. Our conversations had become so succinct and tepid that I began entertaining Zane’s calls and text messages. At least I knew that his “I miss you’s” were true.Zane was the evil that I should’ve stuck with. He couldn’t have hurt me again because I knew what he was capable of and, consequently, I’d know how much trust and emotion to invest in him. Most grandly, nothing beat the fact that I would be the ex that he would dump someone else for. Just like Nicole was the ex that I was being dumped for.


XXII“Strike two, Axia!” Cody shouted. “I told you, this guy’s the best back in Austin.”“Shut the hell up, Cody,” I huffed through labored breathing, sweat beading on my forehead. “I haven’t completely lost yet. Got one more round to go. One more chance to prove that I can get at least one in.”“Dream on, cutie,” roared my contender from across the table in his heavy country accent.It was a typical Friday at the gym: lively, noisy, sweaty and packed. Free of classes, the guys and I were downstairs in the boxing room, enjoying our free time. Bets were being cast on an arm-wrestling match between me and a mountain of a man from Texas, Cody’s cousin. His head was spit-shine — tempting enough to make you want to spit in your palm and slap it — and his big-boned body was clothed in tattoos from the neck down. Quite intimidating, and I should be, because I was yet to conquer him. He’d been kicking me to the curb all week, and my determined ego just wouldn’t give up. Besides, it was good practice.Cody refereed the third round, and I tried like hell to conquer my contender’s hand, exerting all my physical strength. Oh yeah, I was giving him a fight. But just as I was halfway down with his hand, thinking that this game was mine, he brought my hand right back over and slammed it down.“Goddammit!” I yelled.The room erupted into loud chattering as wads of green bills tossed around, to each man his earnings. Almost everyone was grinning with their winnings, because very few had placed bets on me since Wednesday. The man was damn well exceptional. With more practice, I wasn’t far from becoming as good.“Next time you come to San Francisco, Country Boy, I’ll be ready for you.”He roared in rumbling laughter and rounded the table to wrap a heavy arm around my shoulders. “Don’t sweat it, cutie. You’re pretty darn impressive. Never had a gal brave enough to challenge me. An’ I mean challenge. I like ya. We’d make a strong team, eh?”Cody knocked his cousin’s hand from around my shoulders. “Back the hell up, cos. There’s nothing here for you.”“And ya think there’s somethin’ here for ya?” his cousin retorted.Cody gave me one of his nervous smiles. “I have my hopes. One day. I’m patient. One day.”If Cody and I hadn’t grown to be such good buddies, I probably would’ve bitched at him. But these days, I just ignored his helpless flirts.For humor, I smacked Cody’s chest and whispered sultrily, “One day, Muscle Boy. One. Day.”The room burst into whistles and chuckles as Cody grinned down at me. His smile suddenly faded and his expression changed to one that was serious and determined. For a moment, I thought he was about to do something stupid like kiss me. My fist automatically doubled, ready to meet his face if the idiot dared try. But then I heard Tish’s voice straining over the noise in the room. I swiveled my head towards the door and caught sight of her beckoning me. And standing next to her, arms folded across his chest, face red as blood, was Lovello. What the hell was he doing here? It’d been over a week, since I stopped going to his house, that I’d seen the guy. He’d never even bothered to ask why I stopped. He never asked because he didn’t care. In fact, his phone calls had reduced from noon each day to noon every other day — which I mostly ignored and answered Zane’s instead. Who would’ve thought the guy even remembered where my gym was located?Thing is, I’d been hurt and heartbroken before, so I knew exactly how to wall off pain the minute it begins seeping through me. When I’d realized that he was subtly dumping me for Nicole, I’d already broken up with him in my mind — a precautionary step. So there wasn’t much heat surrounding my heart at the moment, just shards of ice, keeping it chilled.I grabbed my towel from Cody’s hand and wiped the sweat from my face as I walked at my own leisurely pace towards the door. Because Tish was the one who called me, Tish was the one whom I directed my attention to. “What’s the prob?”Tish stared at me, confused. Of course I knew she came to get me because of Lovello, but I refused to acknowledge him. “Um, well, your boyfri —”“His name’s Lovello, Tish,” I cut her off. No longer my boyfriend.Before Tish could answer, Lovello grabbed my arm and pulled me off, taking large, firm steps as he made his way up to my office. Given our situation, I should’ve been kneeing him in the balls for grabbing me like that. But, as it was a Friday, the gym was peopled and I, as the boss, wouldn’t be displaying much professionalism by creating a scene. So I allowed the angry hand to lead me up to my office.Lovello slammed the door with a loud bang when we entered the office. I shrugged my arm from his grasp and walked, most causally, over to the fridge to fetch a Gatorade.“‘His name’s Lovello’?” he hissed out.I turned to face him as I uncorked the bottle. “Isn’t that your name?”“What’s wrong with the word boyfriend? Is there something you don’t want someone here to know? Perhaps that prick whose lips were inches away from yours?”“Oh, wow. Boyfriend? I had no idea we were still in a relationship,” I said coolly.“What the hell’s wrong with you, Axia?!” he barked at me, his hands fisting at his side.Sauntering over to my desk, I plopped down in my chair and tossed my legs over one handle. “Does it look like something’s wrong with me? I’m chirpy, dude.”Lovello’s face was tight with tension, his eyes sulfurous, his nostrils flaring. Good. “Is this what you do all day? Flirt with your staff while you’re virtually naked?”I glanced down at my tiny black gym shorts and black tube top. My impeccably raised abs were glistening from a thin sheet of sweat, and I leisurely trailed a finger down the deep seam that separated my packs as I answered, “It’s a gym. Everyone’s sweating. The less clothes, the better. And you don’t expect to be the only boss who’s allowed to flirt with their staff, do you?”I could almost hear his teeth grinding from where I was. “Put some goddamn clothes on, Axia. You didn’t see how those guys were staring at your ass!”Swiveling my chair back and forth, I depleted my Gatorade with an exaggerated ‘ah’ sound. “Again, Nelson, it’s a gym. Everyone stares at everyone’s ass.”Lovello raked a hand through his hair, bristling with tension in the middle of my office and firing bullets at me with his eyes. He was casually dressed in dark jeans and a black hoodie, which made me wonder if he’d been to work at all. His hair had a damp look to it as if he’d recently showered. He was all irresistible-male-and-divine-scrumptiousness as usual. He was also extremely pissed. But I didn’t give a shit. What was he even doing here anyway? “You wanna tell me what wind blew you to this side of town, Nelson? Hurry. There’s a party downstairs that I’m missing out on.”“Uh…” He eyed me uncertainly, as if vacillating whether he should say what he was about to say or not. “Nicole and I are going out for lunch … and I came to find out if you wanted to come, too.”It would have been better if this asshole hadn’t shown up here at all, because where there had been shards of ice chilling my heart, now there were huge chunks of hail.Was he serious? Was he purposely trying to hurt me? Who was I? The best friend third-wheeling the reunited couple? Not since age twenty-one when my father had given me my own gun had I thought about shooting someone. Yeah, I would shoot the fucker right there in the groin area that housed his oh-so-cocky cock.Alas, I didn’t have my gun here, so I just played the insouciant card. “And where’s Nicole?”“Out in the car.”Could bet she was stretching out those long legs in the passenger side of his Bugatti with a smirk on her face. Where would he fit me? On the roof? “Well, that’s thoughtful of you. Thought I was hungry?”“No, I —”“I’m well fed, Nelson,” I sliced, then got up from my chair and brushed past him towards the door. “Enjoy your lunch.” I hope you and the bitch choke to death.Before I could make it through the door, Lovello grabbed me, reeling me into him and pressing me up against his hard body as if his life depended on it. His passive eyes bored helplessly into mine as he whispered, “I don’t know what to do, Axia.”Cute, he was caught in a love triangle and didn’t know who to choose. Like the rolling dark clouds over the top of the mountains, I’d seen this coming. And that’s why I’d taken precaution in guarding my heart and getting him out of my system — well, not really, but still — before it got to this part. Smart girl, Axia. Smart girl.“The situation is not as difficult as it seems, Nelson,” I soothed, slowly pulling from his embrace. “I’ve saved you the trouble and have already made the decision. You’re free. There’s no bondage. There never was. Because I was never yours. And you were never mine.”Lovello frowned deeply, his brows knitting together. “What do you mean?”“I mean, you can go on your lunch date with a clear conscience. The eenie meenie miney moe part doesn’t have to be played. I’ve already pulled myself out of the game.”“What? Clear conscience?” he asked, rubbing hard on his forehead as if trying to wish away a headache.“Okay, since you’re playing obtuse, let me be a bit more lucid,” I drew out slowly. “You no longer have to worry about what to do, wondering if anyone will be left heartbroken. Because you are no longer here.“ I placed my palm flat over my heart. “None of you is left here, Love. Everything has been decimated. Nothing. Zilch. Cipher. Nada.”The idiot didn’t seem to realize that he’d made his choice just by coming here to ask me if I wanted to tag along with him and his ex. Had to say I was disillusioned. All this time I’d held this man in such high esteem as one of the wisest persons I’d ever come across. Turns out he wasn’t so wise after all. King Solomon was right, the wise man and the fool are not much different. They both suffer the same fate.Lovello’s face paled, his eyes bleak and slightly widened, looking as if he’d just seen an apparition. His voice was barely audible when he spoke. “I knew it. You don’t love me … anymore.”“No. I don’t,” I lied. It was wrong, but I had to protect myself.He blinked once, twice, three times, and then his eyes wintered. “Is it that scum downstairs? Because I swear to you, Axia, I will break him. I’ll break his fucking neck!!”I found his gaze and held it. “I know I’ve given you reasons not to trust me or my word, but this one thing is true: when I love, I love hard, so cheating is never in my cards. I’d rather leave someone before I cheat on them. I leave games like that to pros like you.”With that, I walked away from him. Not daring to look back and not daring to cry.Trudy was flabbergasted when I phoned her and suggested we go clubbing that Friday night. I wasn’t a party-goer and she knew it. Fitness and challenges were where I sought my entertainment. Clubbing and outing were a once-in–every-three-months thing for me. Of course, she leaped at the opportunity, because she knew that occasions like this with me were seldom.She’d scowled at me, however, when I went to pick her up with Tish in the back of the jeep. On purpose, I’d excluded the tidbit that Tish would be clubbing with us, too. So, yeah, I was surreptitiously playing matchmaking in the process — or, re-matchmaking, to say.Though Trudy didn’t want to admit it, she still loved Tish. She’d broken up with all her, ahem, women, and hadn’t been seeing anyone for over a month — a tad monastic for someone as nomadically lickerish as her. My eyes, also, were not purblind to the longing stares she stole at Tish when she thought no one was looking. But even so, she treated Tish as if she had some contagious disease that she didn’t want to catch.The secretive small smile that tugged at her lips when she climbed into the jeep didn’t go unnoticed, though. Of course the reformed slut was glad to see Tish, yet she feigned otherwise and gave the silent treatment when Tish greeted her with a polite “Good evening, Trudy” from the back of the jeep.Because I hadn’t chosen an exact spot to party when I’d impetuously decided I wanted to go clubbing, I ended up being outvoted by Tish and Trudy to party at ‘Stilettos, Poles & Holes’, a posh gentlemen’s club.“This is what I get for partying with lesbians. Damn strip clubs!” I joked with Trudy as we filed into a V.I.P. booth while Rhianna’s Please Don’t Stop the Music blasted through the speakers of the club.A petite, bronze-skinned waitress came in to take our drink orders.“What’s a good drink to have?” I asked Trudy before she made her order.Trudy’s eyes bulged at me as if I’d grown a second head. She knew I didn’t drink. But I needed to swipe the plaguing thoughts of Lovello screwing Nicole’s brains out from my head, and I thought alcohol would do the trick. Trudy tried to speak in objection but I held up my hand. “Don’t even bother, Trudy. Just order me a damn good drink.”Trudy turned to the waitress, resting her hand at the curve of the waitress’s shoulder and neck, and seducingly made languorous circles with her thumb on the base of her neck. The waitress didn’t seem to mind. In fact, she smiled brighter.“Two Black Labels on the rocks,” Trudy ordered deep in the waitress’s ear, and, if my eyes weren’t lying, she bit her on her ear lobe. The waitress dazed back with an expression that proclaimed she had definitely been bought. Trudy winked at her, then glanced over her shoulder in Tish’s direction. An unpleasant frown clouded her face when she realized that Tish’s attention was directed at her phone screen. It was apparent then that the seducing scene she’d enacted with the waitress was an attempt to make Tish jealous. But unfortunately, Tish missed it — or was pretending not to notice. “And a Screw Driver. Hard on the vodka, easy on the orange juice,” Trudy spat out, leaving the poor waitress mystified.Mystified was correct, because she couldn’t have known Trudy was just using her to make an oblivious Tish jealous.Trudy peevishly slumped down on the glowing white banquet next to me. Tish, finally stowing away her cellphone, stood up and tugged on my arm, pulling me up to my feet and walking me to the thick black rope that parted off our booth. “Pick one,” she said, gesturing to the dancers on the floor. “You need a lap dance.”“Oh no,” I began backing up. “This is all your shit, not mine. You want me to pick a dancer for you? Sure. You look like you could do with a lap dance. But none for me.”“Well, I was gonna get one anyway. But you gotta get one, too,” Tish grinned.“No stripper is coming in here to dance with anyone!” Trudy bellowed from behind us.Stifling a laugh, I turned to look at her peeved expression. What the hell was her problem? It was all fun for her to ignore Tish, but she obviously couldn’t bear it when Tish ignored her, huh?“You heard her,” I said, repressing a laugh. “No dance, for no one.”Tish rolled her eyes, muttering something under her breath and remained by the rope, while I went back to sit next to Trudy.A few minutes later, the waitress returned with our drinks. “Two Black Labels on the rocks and one Screw Driver,” she announced, setting the drinks down on the table.The waitress tried to continue the flirt with Trudy, but with Tish’s back turned to us, Trudy wasn’t playing that game anymore. Nevertheless, the waitress pressed a piece of paper into Trudy’s hand and sashayed away with exaggerated sways of her hips. Trudy unfolded the paper to reveal a phone number scrawled under the name ‘Sherry’. She crumpled the paper in her palm and tossed it aside. This woman was about no one but Tish. From ‘a beast’ to a lovesick puppy. Talk about transformation.“Don’t start, Axia,” she hissed, as she handed me one of the Black Label drinks and noticed that I was smothering a grin.That only made me burst into laughter. “Well, someone’s awfully miserable tonight.”“I really hate you,” she said on an eye roll, but I knew that her ‘I hate you’s’ were actually ‘I love you’s’.She cut her eyes to where Tish stood at the front of the booth, rocking to the high-tempo music blaring in the club. Tish’s long brown hair dangled around her bare shoulders and her lean figure murdered a short and tight purple dress — was quite possibly murdering Trudy’s brain cells, too.Trudy called for Tish all of three times to no avail. When she barked out her name the fourth time, Tish spun around and Trudy held up the glass of Screw Driver. “Your drink.”Tish smirked and raised a brow. “Would you look at that, you remembered my drink.”“Don’t flatter yourself, I remember all my girls’ drinks,” Trudy burned.Tish wasn’t fazed. She blessed Trudy with a saccharine smile, took the drink from her hand, and sallied back to the rope to watch the topless dancers on-stage. Taking a sip of my own drink, my eyes squeezed shut as it went down my throat. Christ, this was strong. I haven’t had alcohol since I was eighteen, and even then, it had only ever been beer. I would just have this one glass, of course, because I had to drive.“I don’t know how I feel about you drinking, Axia,” Trudy cautioned. “What’s going on with you? Is this about Nicole?”“What about Nicole? Love’s fully hers now. I just needed a frickin’ drink. What’s so bad about that?”Trudy’s eyes blew wide. “You broke up? When? He was really cheating on you with her?”“He came to my gym today to ask me if I wanted to have lunch with him and Nicole,” I informed her, then took a larger gulp of my drink.“What? Are you serious?”“As a judge.”“Shit, what on earth was the douche thinking? Was that his insensitive way of telling you he’s choosing her?” Trudy rhetorically asked, then took a gulp of her drink. “Well, she stops by his office like every other day, dressed to the ninth in killer heels and stylish clothes. I should’ve known the bitch was trying to sneak her way back into his life. But there was no way for me to be sure, seeing that I’ve ended things with Carla and there’s no other way for me to get valid inside gossip. She and Carla have become buddies now, though.”“Yeah?”“Yep. Nelson isn’t always there when she pops up. So Carla’s who she sits around and chats with until he arrives. If you can remember the quarters that are down the hall from his office, that’s where she lounges for hours while Nelson works, I hear.”As I quietly took another sip of my drink, I could feel Trudy’s eyes burning into me. But she knew better than to croon the ‘I told you so’ ballad to me.We both snapped up our heads when we heard a male voice shouting in Tish’s ear. Was that Trevillo? What the hell was he doing here? Was his asshole brother here with him?Tish refused to move the rope. She turned to face me, ignoring Trevillo’s irritated glare. “You want this guy in here, Axia?”“It’s okay, you can let him in.”Tish returned Trevillo’s glower as she reluctantly pulled the rope for him to enter.“Hello, Axia,” Trevillo greeted as he walked up to me, casually dressed in a black, close-fitting T-shirt, faded jeans and heavy black boots. His usually neatly styled hair had a tousled, rockstar vibe to it tonight.“You don’t take orders well, do you, Kinky Boy?”Trevillo’s lips pulled up into one of his many demonic smiles, his teeth extra white under the psychedelic lights. “So what, now I can’t say ‘hello’ to my potential sister-in-law if I see her on the road?”“You can, but only if you promise never to refer to me as your ‘potential sister-in-law’ again.” I knocked back the last of my drink. “Your brother and I aren’t together anymore.”“Bombshell,” Trevillo said, he eyebrows shooting up. “When the fuck did that happen?”Discussing my life like this was never my style, but it seemed the Black Label had rendered me loose-lipped. “Since his long-legged Nicole came back from France and he discovered that he was never out of love with her.”Trevillo’s brows furrowed as he shoved his hands in his pockets, darting his eyes out to the dance floor uncertainly, as if wavering something in his mind. “Listen, I’m here with a couple of my friends and there are only two V.I.P. booths in this club. They’re both occupied by you and some other moneybag. Seeing that it’s just three of you here, can my friends and I share this booth with you?”“It’s easier to just find another club, Trev,” I shot.“Don’t care for finding another club. This is where I wanna party,” Trevillo shrugged. “C’mon, Axia, the booth’s big enough to fit twenty people comfortably, and it’s just five of us.”Turning to Trudy, I raised a brow in question, but she just shrugged.“Okay, fine. As long you all keep outta my hair and stay on the far end over there,” I said, pointing to the farther end of the booth.Trevillo flashed me a crooked smile and strode from the booth. There was something about his cheekiness that I knew I shouldn’t trust, but who cared? The lightness that the alcohol had induced felt great, and I knew I’d lied to myself when I swore I was only going to have one glass. Especially when Trevillo returned with his ‘friends’. A cohort that consisted of two buff guys, one older-looking blond that I’m pretty sure was Trevillo’s current bed partner, Carla and her … Nicole. They all jiggled their way into my booth without even a nod of acknowledgment.“What the fuck, Trev?” I swore, when his ‘friends’ sauntered down to the other end of the booth.Trevillo lifted his shoulders in an innocent shrug. “I promised to stay on the far end.”I walked up to him, tilting my head up to meet his eyes. “Is this your way of trying to get me to leave the club so you can get the damn booth, assface? You could’ve just asked. I would’ve given it to you since you’re so fucking desperate to have it!”The hellion blinked at me with impassivity. “No, Axia. Just wanna party, is all. I made Nicole promise to stay out of your way. She knows it’s your booth.”Tish pushed her way between Trevillo and me. “You wanna leave, Axia? I can get us a booth at the next club five blocks away from here. It’s just as sumptuous.”“Oh, hell no!” Trudy exclaimed over the music, loud enough for everyone to hear. “No tramp is gonna chase us from our own booth. We’re not leaving, Axia.”I’d forgotten that her ex, Carla, was among the batch. Which meant she was just as pissed as I was.Trevillo’s crew knew better than to open their lips and argue back. While Carla and the older blonde woman zoned in on our conversation, Nicole — dressed in a short, silver dress that had a deep V down the center revealing the inner swells of her very perfect breasts, and in heels that rendered her legs extra definition, looking as polished and shined as when I’d first seen her — kept her gaze out on the dance floor, rocking to the club music and pretending not to have a care in the world. Either Trevillo had warned her well or she was just being a cocky bitch. Who could blame her? I’d have the same attitude, too, if I’d effortlessly reclaimed what was mine from another woman’s hand. She had every right to wear the cocky cloak.“Now that’s the spirit,” Trevillo cheered. “Nobody’s going anywhere.”“Fine, Trev, you’ve won,” I hissed. When he turned to leave, I called, “And Kinky Boy? You’re in charge of our drinks.”Trevillo held his hands up in defeat, taking backward steps to his group and grinning his little devil face off.This was going to be a rather interesting night.


XXIIIBy my third glass of Black Label on the rocks, my mind had grown nebulous, so I decided that the third would be the last. No way was I going to go through that irresponsible drinker thing where I end up vomiting my guts out on someone, then wake up the next morning with a massive headache and not have even the vaguest idea of how I’d gotten home. As much as I wanted to decimate all unwanted thoughts of, and feelings for, Lovello, drunkenness was no solution, so I had to be responsible.We were surprisingly enjoying ourselves, being alcohol-fueled and all. Even forgetting about Trevillo’s crew — well, until they popped a new bottle of champagne and became more boisterous. An idle thought wandered across my mind: where was Lovello and what was he doing at the moment? His brother, assistant and his, um, ‘old flame’ were here, yet he wasn’t. Though I would’ve been thunderstruck if I saw him here, because he’d never struck me as the type of man who did strip clubs, or any club for that matter. In his own way, he was kind of a geek. And so soft in areas where one would’ve thought him to be tough. But that part of him was hard to see. Not with all the mind-fogging macho sexiness that he perpetually exuded. It was pretty damn hard to see past all that, for sure.To see Trevillo here? No shock there. The guy seemed to stand for everything perverse.“Gonna rest my feet. These heels are killing me,” Trudy whined, and went flopping down on the banquette, leaving Tish and me dancing to The Black Eyed Peas’ I Gotta Feeling.To be honest, I’d been ready to ditch this clubbing idea for the last couple of hours. No, it wasn’t because of Trevillo and his crew. It was just me. Clubbing and drinking were simply not my thing. I’d never gotten the fascination of scads of strangers converging in an open space to merely jump around to music and imbibe glass upon glass of noxious alcohol.I’m miles from prude, and not in the least puritanical: prurient would be more like it. But to me, some things, like this revelry, are pointless and a waste of quality time. It was on impulse that I’d suggested we went clubbing, but, as always, each time I tried partying, I’d always end up feeling as if I’d wasted a huge chunk of my life. Call me a bore-whore if you please, but that’s just me. Axia.Despite my lack of interest, I didn’t want to be labeled as a kill- joy, so I’d sucked it up — along with some alcohol — and aimed to be a lively companion to my girls. Alas, my patience level had gone from ‘tolerance’ to ‘fuck-this-shit’. “You girls won’t mind if I leave, would you?” I asked Tish over the loud music.A disappointed frown crossed her face, but then she shrugged. “I don’t. But you’ll have to ask Tru —” she broke off mid-sentence as she turned to motion towards Trudy and saw what was taking place behind us.Carla was straddling Trudy on the banquette, grinding against her and plunging her tongue down her throat. Tish’s face grew as red as Rudolph’s nose, and if my mind wasn’t this turbid, I’d attest to seeing steam blowing from her nostrils. She stomped over to them and tapped on Carla’s shoulder. “Get up, Carla, and go back to your restricted corner,” she ordered in a rather calm manner, despite her raging demeanor.Carla snorted. “She was never yours. Mine, Tish. And always will be.”Tish made an impatient shake of her head, grabbed Carla by the nape with one hand, hauled her from Trudy’s lap and tossed her to the floor with such ease you’d think Carla weighed less than a pound. “Bitches just never listen!” Tish said to the ceiling, throwing her hands up in the air and wagging her head.Carla scrambled to her feet and rushed towards Tish, but at lightning speed Tish caught Carla by the neck, her fingers wrapped tightly around her throat as she held Carla at arm’s length, while removing one shoe from her foot with her other hand. Damnnnnnn. “Try anything stupid, Carla, and I swear I’ll have your eyeballs on the heel of my shoe like marshmallows on a stick!”Tish was much taller than Carla, and I knew Tish’s physical strength well enough to know, undoubtedly, that she could floor Carla in a nanosecond. “Remember that I’ve had what she’s had, Carla. And I can see why she’s bored with your ass. You got a lazy tongue.”“Whoa! Whoa! Chill out, ladies,” Trevillo came rushing between the two, pulling Carla from Tish’s strangling grip.Throughout the whole thing, I just stood aghast, feeling like I was a part of an MTV reality show. This was not my scene!Trevillo pulled away a chastened, teary-eyed Carla, promising to ensure that she kept her distance, while I thought about how ridiculous this whole thing was. Trevillo was a mega billionaire, so I couldn’t, for the life of me, imagine why he’d want to share a booth. I figured he just couldn’t help being the miscreant that he was, and wouldn’t have a good night’s sleep if he hadn’t made my damn night a living hell.Tish turned to Trudy who’d remained seated and unobtrusive throughout the whole ordeal, feigning insouciance. She was finally receiving the attention that she’d been seeking from Tish all night, and I was pretty sure that she was smiling inside. Tish bent at the waist so that she was at eye level with Trudy, and gripped her face with one hand, squeezing Trudy’s cheeks so hard that her face looked distorted. “No more of this shit. You understand? I’m done playing this game with you, Trudy.”Surprisingly, Trudy was meek. “I never touched her. She just came over and —”“Stop. Lying,” Tish hissed. “You’ve been doing this on purpose all night to piss me off. Well, guess what, now I’m not just pissed, I’m fucking pissed. And you know what I’m like when I’m fucking pissed. Is that what you miss? My angry tongue waging war with your clit?”Wow, I’d never seen Tish this fierce before. Is this why she’s a game-changer for Trudy? Is this what Tish is like behind closed doors, tough and commanding? This lesbian thing is so confusing. One minute, it seems as if Trudy’s the one with the upper hand, and in the next minute it’s Tish? These two people felt like strangers to me all of a sudden. Strangers, I tell you.“The game ends here, Trudy. All games. Get it?” Tish continued. When Trudy didn’t answer, Tish squeezed her face harder, eliciting a whimper from Trudy’s lips. “Get it, Trudy?”Trudy gave an obedient nod.“Good. Now always remember that you’re mine, ‘cause I’m done sharing you. And don’t even pretend that’s not what you want, because I know you love me.”Trudy’s eyes widened on a gasp. “How did you know?”Tish sighed and released her grip on Trudy’s face, then straddled her on the banquette, cupping Trudy’s face gently in her hands and brushing her thumbs over her cheeks.I edged closer, not wanting to miss out on the action. These two seemed to be lost in their own world.“Because you told me … in your sleep. No one ever told you that you talk a lot in your sleep?”Trudy shook her head and smiled. “No. Never.”“Well, you do. Maybe no one tells you because that’s when you’re most honest and they don’t wanna let you know that you always spill the beans while you sleep,” Tish laughed. “But that’s how I know what I mean to you. So can you just stop pretending now?”“Kiss me,” Trudy mouthed. “Please.”And then they inflamed into a steamy kiss that made me feel a bit queasy.“Um, guys?” I said tentatively, trying to get their attention. Over and done with this crazy night, I was dying to get home, but wasn’t about to get around a steering wheel after drinking three glasses of whiskey. No such risk would I dare take. “Guys?” I tried again. But neither of them so much as peeped in my direction. I suddenly felt like an interloper.Not sure what to do, I glanced around the club, thinking maybe I could get a phone call at the bar. Knowing that Tish would be here with me, I’d left my cellphone at home.“You okay, Axia?”The hand that touched my shoulder startled me, and I turned to see Trevillo standing behind me, wearing a frown.“Actually, no. I need to go home and those two seem to have forgotten that I exist. I’ve had too much to drink, so I’m not taking the risk of driving home.” I eyed his pockets, checking for a cellphone bulge. “May I borrow your phone to call for a ride?”“No need to,” he shrugged. “I’ll take you home.”“And leave your crew,” I smirked, as I glanced over in their direction. Nicole was consoling a blubbering Carla, and the rest of the crew were popping a new bottle of champagne.“They’ll be alright.”I watched him with skepticism, knowing damn well that this was Trevillo I was dealing with, and his ride offer was much too innocent. “How drunk are you?”He laughed out. “I’ve only had two glasses of champagne. And I hold my liquor well. C’mon,” he grabbed my hand and pulled me off, “I know what you’re thinking, and I promise I have nothing up my sleeves this time. Just wanna make sure my future sister-in-law is safe and sound.”“I told you to stop calling me that,” I hissed, as I followed him out of the V.I.P. booth.Trevillo chuckled and wove us through the club. His long strides were hard to keep up with, so he brought my arm around his waist and hooked my fingers through his belt loops to keep me close when the crowd began caving in. Once we made it safely outside, he continued, “Don’t see why I should stop calling you that, when I know you are going to be my sister-in-law.”“You should stick to the real estate business, Kinky Boy, because you suck at prophesying,” I quipped, nudging him to remove his big warm hands off mine so I could unhook my fingers from his belt loops.He laughed, gazing down at me with an unreadable expression as he walked me down the people-lined sidewalk to his sleek black Audi. He plucked his car keys from his pocket and swirled them around his forefinger once, tilting his head to the side as he continued to stare down at me — why? With a terse shake of his head, he pressed the unlock button and opened the passenger door, gesturing for me to get in.Once we were buckled down and off in traffic, he asked out of the blue, “What makes you think Love’s back with Nicole?”“I’m just gonna skip over all the shady moves he’s been making ever since Nicole came back, and jump straight to today when he came to my workplace to ask me if I wanted to play third-wheel on a lunch date with him and Nicole.”Trevillo coughed one of those ‘shocked’ coughs. “He did what? You’re joking, right?”“I leave that to comedians.”“Are we talking about the same person? Lovello All-Knowing, Rational-Thinking, Wiser-Than-King-Solomon Nelson?”“Yep,” I confirmed on a laugh. “That same one.”Trevillo threw his head back and let out a hearty laugh, his white teeth bright against the darkness of the car. “I think you’re making him crazy, Axia.”“I’m innocent.”“I doubt it.”True to his word, Trevillo pulled no rabbits, eggs or roses from his sleeves, proving that he could, after all, be trusted. He drove me home at moderate speed with absolutely no flirting. When he wasn’t being a complete foul-mouthed douche, I actually liked him. He was nice. And surprisingly funny.When he pulled up to my driveway, there, parked comfortably on the left as if it belonged there, was Lovello’s Bugatti. What the hell was he doing here? The lights were on in the house, which meant he was awake.“Uh oh,” Trevillo teased. “Daddy’s home.”Laughing at his silly expression and inflection, I flipped him the bird and hopped out of the car, then thanked him for the ride. He didn’t drive off right away, waiting for me to get inside safely, I guessed.Opening my clutch, I took out my keys, but before I got to the door, it swung open, revealing all six feet three inches of Lovello, wearing nothing but black basketball shorts that hung low on his hips.Thanks to the alcohol in my veins, I was fortressed and wasn’t bowled over by the man’s overwhelming sexiness. Why, oh, why did he have to look so damn delicious? All the time. All the time. It was painful. Utterly.I heard Trevillo’s car gas off behind me, and before I could step a foot through my door, Lovello demanded, “Was that Trev?”“That’s none of your friggin’ business.” I pushed past him, and the heat from his body that grazed me made me both aroused and angry at the same time.The door closed quietly, and I could feel him looming behind me as I wobbled trying to unzip my thigh-highs. His nearness was making me so much hazier than alcohol ever could, and as my breath began quickening with need for him, I sent a silent prayer to God, begging him not to let me give in to this man tonight.“Axia, were you drinking?” Incredulity laced his voice. He knew, of course, that I didn’t drink. At all.With one removed boot in my hand, I whirled around to face him, pointing it in his face. “That, too, is none of your goddamn business! What’re you doing in my house, anyway? You’re not welcome here anymore, Nelson, so give me back my flippin’ keys and get the hell out!”Lovello raked a hand through his hair. With bloodshot eyes, his face looked a tad weary. “Scream all you want, Axia, but I’m not going anywhere. Tell me, what were you out doing with my brother?”I guffawed and threw up my hands in frustration. The boot slipped from my fingers and went skating across the tiled floor. “Even now, when we’re not together, you still wanna be possessive?! Still jealous of your brother? Yet, your current woman, Miss Polish and Shine Nicole is allowed to go clubbing with him? What the hell am I, your puppet?”Lovello bit down on his lip in that sexy way he always did when he was trying to suppress a smile, and, as if he couldn’t help it, he turned his face away from me for a count of five seconds, then came back with a semi-serious face. “How and when did Nicole become my woman?”Refusing to answer that silly question, I turned and walked away from him, awkwardly unzipping my other thigh-high in the process. “I’m not playing this game with you, Nelson. Tricks are for kids.”I was suddenly swept off the ground, cradled in strong, secure hands and carried off to my bedroom. “What are you —”“Shut up, Axia,” he whispered. Setting me down on the edge of the bed, he took over the job of removing my boot. “Is that why you’re trying to break up with me? Because you think I’m sleeping with Nicole?”“Well you are, aren’t you?”Sitting back on his haunches, he began massaging my feet. And I couldn’t find the voice to object, because I didn’t want him to stop touching me. I needed him like my next breath. “No, I’m not. I feel nothing for Nicole anymore, beauts. Swear to you.”“Then how do you explain —”“Coming home late without alerting you? Calling only once a day? Keeping a distance? Popping up today?”When I nodded, he continued. “Because I was trying to get you back. The you that goes berserk with jealousy and has a temper fit when I don’t do things like call to say I’ll be late. The you that goes bat-shit crazy because someone complimented me on my hair. The you that shouts and screams and fights me. It’s how I know you feel for me.”“I don’t understand,” I whispered.He released a heavy breath as his fingers kneaded my instep, pulling a faint hum from my lips. “Well, before we even saw Nicole that day in my building, I kind of had a, um, insecurity panic. I don’t know why, but I just felt that, well, maybe you were growing tired of me or something — seeing that I’m always around you, selfishly, in your space and in your face. I thought maybe I’d overwhelmed you with our fast-paced relationship and was losing you —” He stopped and sighed. “Okay, I’m lying to you. Sorry. I do know why.”He took a breath. “I’d been going through your messages, and I see that you communicate with your ex — almost daily. Almost daily, Axia. It’s not that you talk to him that bothers me, it’s because you told me that you’d loved him. Then when I saw those messages of him wanting you back, I wondered if you felt the same — if you still love him, too. So, yes, I felt insecure, and I wanted to be sure that you need me, that you love me. That’s why I’d suggested we stayed home all day that day. I just wanted to spend some time with you to assure myself that what we have was still there. But as soon as the clock struck twelve, you were insisting we go to work.“Then, when we ran into Nicole in my building, you were so indifferent about the whole situation. You weren’t even trying to make a statement that I’m yours. You just coolly left me with her. You were just … not you.” Avoiding eye contact, he brought his hands up the back of my leg, kneading away the tension from my muscle that the high heels had caused. “What was I to think but that you just didn’t care anymore. Because of him. You said nothing when I didn’t call to say I’d be out late. No argument, nothing. No reaction from you no matter what I did. Felt like you were just slipping away.” He moved on from one leg to the next, granting it equal treatment. Dios, will I ever get used to his touch?“Yesterday when I came by your gym, I was miserable as hell. But you were so damn happy without me, laughing and flirting with your staff. It pissed me off. I’m the one who taught you how to laugh. Me. And there you were, laughing … but it wasn’t me that was making you laugh anymore.” His chest rose and fell as he heaved a heavy breath, still refusing to look at me. “I was desperate. I thought if I asked you to come on a date with me and Nicole, you’d throw one of your crazy fits. Then I would laugh tell you I was just messing with you. But even then, you were indifferent. Until you finally said it, that you don’t love me. You confirmed it. But, as you can see, not even that can keep me away.”Raking my fingers through his hair, I grinned, my heart expanding to the size of the room. “I thought you didn’t like my crazy fits.”Lovello finally lifted his eyes to mine and chuckled. Rising to his feet, he lowered me back onto the bed, bringing down his firm frame on mine. “I don’t. But at least I know when you do it, it’s because you feel for me. Because you care. It’s how I mark the intensity of your love.”“But I heard that Nicole’s at your office every other day. I just don’t understand…”He shook his head. “Nicole pops up without notice sometimes. Think she’s just bored. She’s trying to get into real estate and is twiddling her thumbs for now while Trev pulls some strings for her with license and such. So, with nothing to do in the interim, she stops by sometimes to chat — which I rarely have time for — so I let her hang in the studio quarters with Carla. Nicole’s used to being taken care of, and she hasn’t much companionship since she’s moved back, because her two best friends have moved away. So I’m only trying to be there for her until she settles. But I swear to you, I’m not sleeping with her.” Lovello dropped his face in the crook of my neck. “I can’t lose you, Axia. I can’t. You’re like my pacifier. I need you to stay grounded and focused when work gets heavy. With you, my world is clean, organized and sensible. I’ve never needed anyone before. Ever. Until I met you…” He trailed off on a sigh. “I almost lost my mind when I came in tonight and you weren’t here. I thought you were probably seeing him —” He stopped abruptly and lifted his head, searching my eyes with his vulnerable ones. “What were you out doing with Trev?”“Nothing,” I hurriedly tried to explain, never having seeing him this emotionally exposed before. “My girls and I went to a club and he showed up there with a group that had your assistant and your ex a part of it. I drank more than I should have and didn’t want to drive myself home, so he gave me a lift.”“Did he try anything?” Lovello asked in a chilling tone.“No,” I giggled. “He was on his best behavior. Unbelievably so.”“Good. I don’t even wanna ask why you were drinking. If it’s because of me, then I’m deeply sorry — or not.”He lowered his lips to mine, sweeping me into a kiss that reminded me of my interminable love for him. The love that I had for this man could not be washed away with alcohol or be ignored with feigned indifference. For my happiness, loving him was a necessity, and I was going to love this man as if it were my duty.We didn’t need more words, because our firing passion filled the room with silent whispers from our hearts. Lovello’s kisses grew hungry and aggressive as my hands grew feverish, roaming over the sinews of his back, down his spine and beneath the waistband of his basketball shorts. I grabbed his ass and pressed him into me, his erection strong and mighty and ready for battle — the battle of the sexes. Goodness, I needed him.He pulled my top over my head, ripped off my bra and attacked my breasts with animalistic need, cupping them, kneading them and tugging my nipples between his teeth.“Dios mío, Love. More,” I panted, lifting my hips so he could pull off my pants and panties in one drag.His shorts went along with the discarded pile. And in one swift move, he was inside me, filling me to capacity. Filling that emptiness that had been there throughout his absence. For every day that he’d not been there, I wanted him to fill me with fierce acquisitiveness.“Hard, Love. Hard,” I begged. I wanted to be reminded me why I should fight for him. Why I should stake my claim and show that I cared. Yeah, I needed to be punished. “Más difícil, bebé. Por favor. Harder,” I cried, as he pounded into me.Hell, this felt so damn good. Was it the alcohol that made me courageous enough to demand such intensity from the man with the biggest size I’d ever had?Lovello grabbed my legs and bent them, pressing them down to my chest. He pulled out his length, then slowly slid back inside. Slowly and patiently, as I awaited the decision of the jury. Out again … and then, we have a verdict, I was sentenced to capital punishment. Punitive slam after slam inside me with a fierceness that had my lungs overworking with Spanish jabberings that not even I understood.Because he had my legs pinned to my chest, I couldn’t even move, and the position made the penetrations so intense that I could feel them in my stomach. It was pain. Good pain. Pleasurable pain. Pain that I didn’t want to end. Pain that was going to shove me over the edge any … minute … now.“Said you wanted it hard, right?” Lovello growled through ragged breaths. “Is this hard enough?” Slam! “Or this?” Slam!! “Answer me, beauts.” Slam! Slam!! Slam!!!“Y-y-yes,” I could barely manage to breathe, let alone speak. I was teetering on the edge of something unbalanced, hazardous, unhinged, and with each death slam I wobbled precariously on one leg.“I want to keep you, beauts,” he breathed. “So whatever you ask for, I’m gonna make damn sure I give it.” He paused and groaned when I squeezed my muscles around him. “So if you … shit, that feels … shit … Stop! I’m in control here,” he barks, pressing my legs harder down on my chest. But my unruly muscles refused to behave and continued to squeeze around him.Lovello made a frustrated growl and crooked his arms under my legs. He ordered me to lock my hands around his neck, then lifted me up off the bed, and, without warning, he slammed me down onto his length. That was it. I exploded like an atomic bomb, calling the Lord’s many different names as I juddered in his hands. Without pause, he continued impaling me on and on. Slamming me down on him with such ease as if I weighed but an ounce. Until I felt his teeth clinging to my flesh as he came violently inside me, a spate of his warm fluids filling me. He tumbled with me back onto the bed. Our breathings harsh and loud.“I love you, Pretty Boy,” I managed. “More than Milky Way Milkshake.”He chuckled, still breathing harshly. “Nice, I’m ‘Pretty Boy’ when you love me, and ‘Nelson’ when you hate my guts.”What wasn’t nice, though, was that he couldn’t even return the words. Just as he needed his assurance, I needed mine. “Do you … love me, Love?”Lovello raised his head to find my gaze, holding my stare without so much as a blink, his brows furrowed in a manner that said: ‘what kind of stupid ass question is that?’ “You had to ask? Isn’t it friggin’ obvious?”When he saw that I wasn’t satisfied with his answer, he smirked. “Beauts, you can bet 1.1 million dollars that I do.”


XXIVThe continuous dinning of my cellphone forayed the peaceful quietness of sleep. I blinked open my eyes to the surroundings of my master bedroom, rays of sunlight lased across the room from both sides, forming asymmetrical shapes while proclaiming it was a new day.Stretching my arms out over my head, I decided to let the phone ring out to voicemail. But as soon as it stopped, it started again. And such had Lovello grumbling something about turning ‘the damn thing off and come back to bed’. It was Saturday, so he, of course, could sleep in bed all day. I, on the other hand, had business to attend to. On Saturdays, I opened the gym doors at 10am, as opposed to 5:30am on weekdays. So I had a few hours to get ready.Plucking Lovello’s arm from around me, I slid off the bed and retrieved the hollering cellphone from the nightstand, only to see Zane’s name flashing on the screen. With nimble fingers, I hit the silent option, then peered back over my shoulder at Lovello. He was sound asleep, his nose pressed into the pillow. Why was Zane calling so early in the morning? Jeez.Slipping from the bedroom, I started to dial him back, but then a text message chimed in.My heart, Just wanted to let you know I’m in your town. Stopped by your place to surprise you, but Bill refused to grant me access. Did you take me off the Access list? I’ve always had the green light in every area of your life, my heart. What’s up with the blockage now? Anyway, there’s something *important* I want to talk to you about. Maybe we could go out for dinner later? Call me, xoxPhew. Well that’s a drip of sweat I can wipe away, thanks to Bill. A surprise visit was definitely not something that would’ve played out well this morning. Wait, who took Zane off the list anyway? I shook my head, knowing all too well who did. I’d never even thought about removing Zane from the Access list in order to prevent any unexpected pop-ups at my door while Lovello was here. And that was rather negligent of me, too, seeing that Lovello basically lived here. So at this point, I was glad Lovello had been playing the nosy and controlling boyfriend and removed Zane’s name from my Access list.Heading back to the bedroom, I smiled at the sight of my sleeping angel. The pristine white sheets were draped across his lower half, one leg bent and the other straight, while his upper body rose and fell with each even breath, every muscle relaxed and abased. His inky-dark hair was a major mess on his head, while his long, dark lashes fanned his cheeks, and days old facial hair shadowed his face. The man’s beauty was so ethereal, it was sometimes hard to believe he was a mortal.I padded to the bathroom, had a quick cold shower, then threw on my robe and navigated down to the kitchen to whip up some breakfast. Of course, Lovello’s jacket from the night before was tossed across the kitchen island, and his pants along with his necktie were pooled at the foot of a bar stool. The guy seemed to think that kitchens were made for undressing. I couldn’t help smiling, though, realizing just how much I’d missed the litter-bug.Snatching up his pants and necktie off the floor, I draped them over the crook of my arm, then dragged his jacket from the kitchen island. But as I did that, his wristwatch, cellphone and wallet fell to the ground, due to my ignorance that they’d been under the jacket. Awkwardly, I stooped down to retrieve the fallen bearings, making a mental note to plug his lifeless cellphone on the charger. His wallet flipped open as I picked it up, causing most of its loose contents to tumble out. And among the lot of inconsequential things, I spied a pack of condoms — well, one actually, because two of the condoms had already been utilized.Two, for sure, had been used.On someone.At some time.But when? Had it been there before we started dating, or after? This sure as hell wasn’t the first time I dropped his wallet. But then, maybe it had just never fallen in a way that would spill its contents. Who remembers, anyway?I could, one: be rational and resist jumping to conclusions. The half-used packet could’ve been there before he met me. Or two: go bat-shit crazy and fire up an argument, throwing around accusations that he’d been cheating. And lying …In light of the fact that we’d scarcely made up from a break-up mere hours ago, I decided to go with Option One and returned the contents from whence they came.“Jesus, what time is it? Can’t believe I skipped devotion,” I heard a groggy Lovello mumble as he dragged himself into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes. “How come my alarm didn’t go off?”Bundling his paraphernalia in one hand, I used my other hand to wave his cellphone with a smile that, I instantly noticed, was taking much more effort than it should. “Battery’s dead. I’ll plug it on the charger for you.”An unidentifiable pain pumped through the arteries of my heart when I peered up at him. And at that moment, I realized that I couldn’t go through with Option One … because I didn’t trust him. I didn’t trust that he’d never cheated on me, and I didn’t trust that he truly wasn’t sleeping with Nicole.The alcohol had died from my system, and sensibility had begun flowing through my brain cells again. The reason he gave last night for his insensitive acts over the past couple of days was implausible. This was Lovello Sex-Incarnate Nelson. Why on earth would he have an ‘insecurity panic’, thinking that I might be bored with him? Women don’t get ‘bored’ with men like him. And he was cocky enough to know that.Suddenly, I felt like I was suffocating and gasping for air to breathe. I needed to be away from him for a while. Needed some time to think.Making sure that my face revealed nothing, I mumbled that I had to go get ready and started out of the kitchen.“Wait, so no breakfast? I’ve been longing for some of your banana fritters all week. And Rosa’s no damn good at it. Can’t you just make some before you go?” he whined.“Maybe tomorrow, babe. I really gotta go. Tish called and there’s this … problem. Tomorrow. I promise,” I lied, ignoring the distrustful gleam in his eyes as I rushed off to the bedroom before he could say anything else.It was no secret, we didn’t trust each other. It was a knot in our relationship that we could never seem to untie.In record time, I donned black gym shorts, a white tube top, and purple Skechers sneakers, along with a purple hoodie tossed over my shoulder. My fingers had scarcely touched the knob of the front door as I made to leave the house, when I felt my body being yanked back in mid-air.“You’re not leaving here dressed like that,” Lovello stated in an icy tone as he carried me back to the bedroom.Struggling to free myself from his arms, I yelled, “Just who the hell do you think you are? My father?”Lovello ignored me, marching straight into the bedroom and tossing me onto the bed like a rag doll. He slammed the door, leaned back against it and folded his arms across his chest, glaring at me. “Change. I told you yesterday that those guys were all screwing you in their minds. You will not dress like this anymore. Change.“Scrambling off the bed, I grabbed up my bag that had fallen when he tossed me, and walked up to him. “You will not dictate to me what I can or cannot wear. I own a gym. A gym. People don’t wear clothes there unless they’re obese or hideously awkward. Now move outta my way!”Lovello’s expression was implacable. Zero tolerance. “Change. Now. Axia.”Mimicking him, I dropped my bag and folded my arms across my chest. “Or. What?”Before I knew what hit me, he had me up against the door, my hands manacled above my head. Shitting hell, the man’s faster than a cheetah. “Or else, I’ll throw you up against this door…” He used his free hand to drag down my shorts and panties, “and show you just how hard those perverts are screwing you in their heads.”In a sudden second, two fingers plunged inside me.“Ah!” I cried out.“You see, Axia,” Lovello whispered, as he moved his fingers in and out of me. “They’re not romancing you in their heads. They’re fucking you. Hard. Like this…” He began ramming his fingers in and out. Fast and hard. And harder. And harder … making me howl in ecstasy. “And nobody’s supposed to do anything to you but me. Not even in their minds.” He withdrew his fingers and dragged them over my bud, lubricating it with my sprouting juices. I was dripping wet, and I shivered as a shrill of pleasure sprinted through me.He plunged his fingers back inside me and began striking me again, circling my bud with his thumb. My legs trembled as an uncontrollable orgasm neared me. “Nobody’s to make you come but me, Axia.”With that, he pressed the pad of his thumb down on my bud. Hard. And I busted into a million smithereens. Coming so hard that my body was literally convulsing as waves of orgasm hit me over and over again.Lovello held me in his arms when I collapsed against him. He brushed away the strands of hair that had escaped onto my face and planted a soft kiss on my forehead. “Change, beauts.”I didn’t argue this time, and obediently did as I was told. For it was taking every ounce of strength in me not to caterwaul over the fact that I, unfairly so, probably, wasn’t the only woman to whom he was giving such glorious orgasms.Around three in the afternoon, as I was leaving my spinning class, slaking my thirst from my water bottle, I received a phone call from my best friend who’d so callously neglected me the night before.“Well, well,” I answered on the second ring. “Didn’t think you guys even remembered I exist — apart from Tish’s calling in sick, which I know she’s really not.”“I’m sorry, Axia. Last night was just … wow,” Trudy breathed down the line. I almost gagged. “Anyway, did you get my email?”“Well, because you’ve snagged my assistant, I’ve had my hands full today. So, no, I’m yet to check my emails,” I bit out. Tish better not make this a habit. I’m like a headless chicken without her.“I’ve forwarded you an email since noon. It’s important. Go check your inbox. Now,” Trudy ordered, and promptly hung up.What was her problem now? I thought, as I reached the second floor and started up the last flight of stairs to my office.“Hey, Axia!”I spun around to see Cody’s head poked out from a boxing room down the hall.“We’re betting on some boxing matches down here. Wanna wage in?”As fun as that sounded, and as tempting as it was to join, I declined and continued up the stairs. My declining was fueled by the knowledge that a certain person would be displeased about my lounging with the guys. Why did I even care what he thought? I had no idea.That’s what I did for entertainment. Challenges and competitions and anything athletic that involves me sweating. There aren’t many women who’re crazy about the things that I’m crazy about. Trudy’s a lazy cheater when it comes to fitness, so that’s why my fun lies with the guys. It’s how we ‘chill’ after hours of overworking our muscles to teach classes and train people. We weren’t alcohol drinkers or chain-smokers, so our way of cooling down was different. Yet I was declining, fearing that a certain Pretty Boy might pop up, sans warning, and start blowing fire through his ears — even though this time I was fully dressed in yoga pants and T-shirt. Oh how I hated being this fully clothed in the gym. Too many clothes tend to make me hot and miserable.I plodded into my office, slunk down behind my desk and brought life to the computer. Navigating to my email inbox, I exhausted a sigh at the gobs of unread mails. Ugh. Deciding to leave them for Tish to deal with, I sifted for Trudy’s email and stumbled upon one from Lovello that was sent two hours ago.Beauts,Important family dinner tonight at eight. Select an option of the dresses I’ve attached below. Pretty Please :) There’s something I want to talk to you about, so come straight to my place after work so we can do that as we get dressed.Love, Love.What’s with everyone using the word ‘important’ today? Must be Important Saturday.Attached were three photos of cocktail dresses. The first was a one-shoulder fuchsia-pink, above-the-knee dress, with an attached sheer skirting at the back that flowed down to the ankles. Cute. Just not for me.The second was a short, strapless, black velvet dress. It, too, had a mermaid tailing at the back, though black and white. That one was a wow factor, but way too fashion-runway for me. It was definitely a dress that Miss Polish and Shine Nicole would wear. Was he trying to get me to dress like her? I quickly dismissed that stupid thought.The third was a dark red, knee-length satin dress. Simplistic, with nothing but a deep sweetheart neckline. Its subtlety made it perfect for me. Making my choice, I sent an email with the words, “Red-Satin”. Not even bothering to make an argument about him telling me there’s a dinner party instead of asking, and also making it his duty to pick out dresses for me. As that was his way of forcing me to wear the damn fripperies. I resumed sifting for Trudy’s email, then got a reply from Lovello:If I’d bet a billion bucks on that dress, I would’ve won. Predictable much? See you later.Love, Love.I didn’t reply. Because I wasn’t really feeling him at the moment. Can you love someone with every fiber of your being and dislike them at the same time? Ever since I found that half-used condom packet this morning, a distrustful spirit had descended upon me. You know that unexplainable dark feeling that overcomes you out of the blue, and you just know something’s eerie? Yeah, I’d been needled directly in the wrist vein with that feeling all day. Try as I did, my brain just wouldn’t allow me to believe that the packet had always been there, or that he wasn’t cheating. My brain folded its arms and pointed its nose to the sky, vehemently shaking its head, refusing to let me believe that Lovello loved me. Maybe I was having one of those ‘insecurity panics’? Or maybe I was just right.Finally locating Trudy’s email, I opened it.Be sure there’s a chair beneath that big, round ass of yours before you open the attachments. Call me as soon as you’re done.A sudden rush of panic bolted beneath my epidermis. What was it? Did I want to know? Was it something bad? Something good? I slunk back in my chair, deciding against opening the attachments. But caved in mere minutes later and, with shaky fingers, opened them.They were pictures. Pictures of Nicole and Lovello in what looked like a jewelry store. Her hand looped through his as they both peered down through a glass casing. Apart from her hand being looped through his, I didn’t see anything bizarre or inappropriate. So I continued to click through. There was one where Nicole had her hand held out as Lovello slid a ring onto her finger. Okay, so they were jewelry shopping together. And the big deal is what exactly? He did say she was scarce on companions since she’d moved back, I ratiocinated.Scrolling on, the next picture showed an obscure gesture of Nicole either licking Lovello’s neck or whispering in his ear. The angle where the pictures were taken from was a bit distanced, as if the photographer was hiding and zooming in. A picture is worth a thousand words, I convinced myself, and things may not be as they seem. I wasn’t that gullible. I was sure he’d have a plausible explanation.It was when I clicked to the next photo, however, that I realized what the photographer was zooming in on. Nicole was wearing an ivory shawl over her dress, but it had, somehow, slipped off her shoulders and gathered at her elbows, revealing them …The bite marks.My heart ricocheted in my chest, and I flopped back in my chair like a deflated balloon, refusing to view anymore of the photos. Why was my heart pounding so fast? Why did I feel like I was suffocating? Why did I feel like I needed to piss and shit at the same time? Why was my stomach rumbling as if I just drank a glass of spoiled milk? Why did I feel like I was falling out of my body and spiraling down a bottomless pit? Why didn’t anything feel real? Why was I shocked? Shouldn’t I have expected this?I’d known it. Was positive that he was sleeping with her. I’d taken precautions and had frozen my heart in place so that when this time came around, I’d be prepared and wouldn’t feel even a hint of pain. But last night, I’d stupidly made myself vulnerable with alcohol. That’s why I don’t drink. That’s why I don’t drink. That’s why I don’t fucking drink!Alcohol puts you out of control of your feelings and actions. It basically puppets you. The burning heat of the alcohol had melted the protective ice from around my heart last night. Consequently, I’d bought into every lying word that Lovello spewed. My vulnerable self had bought into it, taken down my guard, and welcomed the lying piece of shit back into my heart again. Like the idiot I was. I didn’t deserve to be called a woman. I didn’t deserve to have my name printed on a commodity as tough, intimidating and formidable as a gun. I didn’t deserve the name Blacksille. For all Blacksilles were strong, sensible beings. I was a mouth-running, weak-ass bitch who got what she deserved. Never at all was I strong. Never. A fraud, that’s what I’d always been. A fucking fraud.Trying to control my trembling hands, I picked up my phone and dialed Trudy. The second she answered, I blurted, “Where the hell did you get those?”“Carla. She emailed me them this morning, claiming she wanted you to know what’s in your milk,” Trudy apprised me. “But I don’t believe for a second that she gives a shit about you. I’m thinking she and Nicole planned this, to rub it in your face that Nelson’s screwing her.”“Oh” was all I could manage. What else was there to say?Nicole had a right to be so calm yet cocky last night. After all, it was her quiet way of showing me that Lovello was always hers and never mine. She didn’t need to be all up in my face spitting venomous words or clawing my skin to prove it. To prove that, just like that, she could leave him, come back, and bowl away whomever he was with. Because he was hers.“You okay, Axia?” Trudy asked, concern coloring her voice. “What’re you going to do? Because I know that ‘break-up’ you told me about last night wasn’t really official.”“What am I to do, Trudy, but move on with my life?” I answered simply. “He made his choice. There’s nothing I can do about that. Found a pack of condoms in his wallet this morning, you know. Two used. Figures.”“Ah, so there was a ‘make up’ session last night, eh?”“Yeah. He was at my house when I got home. But that’s shit now…”“I dunno what to say, Axia. I know for sure that he’s loony about you but … maybe Nicole’s trying to frame him.”Despite myself, I laughed. “Oh, sure. She just sunk her teeth into her own flesh like a desperate psycho-bitch. You’ve seen that woman in all her pomp and cockiness, Trudy. And you know, as well as I know, that to pass her off as a desperate ex would only be to soothe our own disappointment.”Trudy sighed in defeat. “I know. It was the only thing I could come up with to plead Nelson’s case. But I guess he’s just what he is. And, no, I won’t say I told you so. I love you too much.”“I deserve to hear it,” I mumbled.The very second I ended the call, my phone started ringing. The four little letters that spelled the name ‘Zane’ flashed upon my phone screen. And I remembered his text message from that morning which said he was in town and wanted to have dinner with me. The idea suddenly sounded like a fantastic one. A timely one. The prospect of wielding a cane after dinner was all the more alluring. A remedy for ridding myself of this unrequested pain.And so, it repeats. I was here again, heartbroken, mad, angry and desperate to inflict pain.“Hello, Zane Zekiel,” I answered with a salacious drawl. “You have purrrrfect timing. I was just here thinking that dinner with you this evening would be such painful pleasure…”


XXVI pulled up to the curb of the restaurant that I’d agreed to meet Zane at for dinner, slithered out of my jeep and tossed the keys to the valet. The restaurant was new to me. Never been here before and had to use the jeep’s GPS to locate it. Titled ‘The Golden Seven’, it was exclusively tucked away at the dead end of a street, gobbling up the entire square footage from the left side of the street to the right, affording the restaurant’s façade the shape of a U. If captivating was what the architect was going for, then they’d nailed it.Tossing my hair over my shoulders, I strutted up the gold-themed walkway where a tall doorman already had the door held open. His eyes zoned in on my breasts, and he had to swallow hard in order to mutter his pleasantries.Shaded in all-black, I was provocatively dressed in leggings, with seven-inch thigh-highs and a sweetheart bustier that cinched my already slim waist and magnified my breasts. And I knew I resembled every bit the sinful temptress.The elegance of the restaurant hugged me the minute I stepped through the door. Tastefully unique, The Golden Seven afforded a majestic ambience, with claw-feet tables covered under red silk tablecloths, and red velvet gilded chairs. Outrageous chandeliers were suspended from the ceiling, glimmering and bouncing their sparks off the crystal glasses, silverware and showy jewelry of the patrons. Esthetically enchanting, the ambience proclaimed affluence.Espying Zane at a table on the far left, I navigated over to him. Zane was, as always, the epitome of dark and handsome. Shaded the same as I was, he wore a black button-down shirt and black jeans. His ever-present yet inconspicuous gold chain peeked out from beneath his shirt where the top three buttons were undone, glistening under the chandelier. His hazel-brown eyes looked at me in a heated way that only he looked at me. A way that made me feel like he really did love me and that I could believe everything he said.I’m muddle-headed, I know.“My heart,” Zane greeted, as he got up to pull me in for a tight hug. “You look … wow. Thigh-highs were made for you.”Smiling, I pulled from his embrace. “It’s been a while, Zane. You never seem to get any less handsome and it pisses me off.”Zane laughed aloud as he sat back down, as did I. “Ever the same, eh?”“What on earth would make me change?” I smiled back. But that smile swiftly disappeared when I realized that I had changed. That I wasn’t this person anymore. This person was who I was trying to restore, now. This person was pretended. I had been changed. By Lovello. His love had changed me from a bitch to a … girl?But now I was determined to exhume the Axia Blacksille that I’d buried six feet under for that stupid thing called ‘love’. And I was going to pump back into her the breaths of seven mongrel bitches.“I’m glad you haven’t,” Zane said, grinning at me with so much affection that wasn’t the norm. Or was it because I hadn’t felt loved recently? “I’ve already ordered. Hope you don’t mind.”“Why would I mind? You know everything about me. What I’d like and what I wouldn’t. I totally trust you, Zane.” Besides, I’m dying to get this part over with so we can move on to the more fun stuff.That earned me a bright, eye-blinding smile from him. “I’m glad you still feel the same way as I feel about you. You know me inside out, my heart. And that’s why I wanted to ask yo —”His speech was interrupted by a curvaceous waitress who came to our table balancing a tray with soup appetizers. “Creamy wild mushroom,” she politely proclaimed as she set the soups down, then scurried off.The aroma attacked my nostrils, reminding me that I was hungry, and I instantly dove in. Zane waited for me to consume a portion of my appetizer before he spoke again — he knew me well enough to know not to interrupt me while I ate, for the obvious reason that I loved food.“Um, I want to enjoy this dinner, but I can’t, really,” he began. “My palms keep sweating and, um, maybe if I just get this out of the way … then I’ll be able to relax.”He kept darting his eyes toward the entrance of the restaurant, while I wondered what on earth it was that he wanted to ‘get out of the way’. Zane didn’t do nervous: he was overly confident in all things. Unless he was pretending to be nervous, for whatever reason that might be.“What’re you talking about?”Zane took a deep breath. “Axia, I know I haven’t treated you fairly, and that I don’t deserve to have you. But you know, like I know, that what we have is real. Fight as we may, we’ll never be able to rid our hearts of each other. I love you. Always have and always will, and I know you love me, too. So, um, let’s just do things right this time, please…” He dipped inside his pocket, retrieved a red ring box and opened it, revealing an enormous diamond ring. “As I said, we’ll do it right this time. My heart, let’s … get married.”It seemed all my inner organs had stopped what they were doing and began peeping through the pores of my skin, gaping at the man before me, because I was momentarily paralyzed, stiffer than Spritz on hair weave. Not even moisture was in my mouth.Was he crazy! Did he just say married?!Holy shit, I did not see this coming. All I wanted to do was have a good meal with the guy, take him home and beat the ever-loving shit out of him to let off some steam. And now he was proposing? Was I missing something? Did I step through a time machine and zoom past a huge chunk of my life towards the future?Zane licked his lips in agitation. His eyes shot to the entrance of the restaurant then back to me. “I’m sorry for just springing this on you, Axia. But I can’t risk losing you. I’m sorry, but you’re mine and, although you’re speechless right now, I know the word you’ll say is yes.”He removed the ring from the box, picked up my limp left hand from the table and slid the ring onto my finger. “There, there,” he soothed, bringing my hand to his lips. Kissing the ringed finger, he kept my hand tightly grasped in both of his.My inner organs must’ve gotten bored with the show and went back to work, because my momentary paralysis was cured, and I was finally able to swallow past the lump in my throat to get my tongue wet and talkable again. “Zane, I —”“Axia?” a familiar female voice said above me.I snapped my gaze up to the sight of the sophisticated newly-weds, Natalio and Sadie. Natalio glanced from me to Zane, to the ring on my finger, to my hand in Zane’s, and anger flashed in his eyes, while Sadie’s face twisted in confusion.“H-hi, Sadie,” I managed to get out. Natalio looked as if he opened his mouth, conflagration would toast me, so I didn’t dare utter his name.Sadie’s eyes shifted to Zane on a frown, and then back to me. “Have you heard from Love?”I made an I-could-care-less shake of my head and muttered, “Don’t know much about that guy these days.”That seemed to piss Natalio off, because his sulfurous eyes torched me. Christ, the man was daunting. “You know that this is his goddamn restaurant, right? I can’t even … what the fuck is —”“Babe, calm, please,” Sadie said, rubbing her palm down her husband’s chest in a calming manner. Turning her attention back to me, she spoke without acrimony. “Send Love a text message at least, Axia. Let him know that you’re okay and, um, occupied. He’s been frantic trying to reach yo —”Her husband tugged her off before she could finish, biting out a “C’mon” while withdrawing his cellphone from his pocket. There’s no doubt he was phoning his brother. Not just Trevillo’s shit list that I was on now, I’d managed to make it onto Natalio’s, too.“Well, that was awkward,” Zane blew out in a suspiciously casual tone.Visible relaxation and contentment settled over him, which made me frown at the fact that he didn’t even care to inquire about this ‘Love’ person. Neither did he inquire about the miffed man and woman who had stopped at our table.The peculiarity of it should’ve made me over-curious, but then zillions of thoughts were harrying my brain, causing it to puff clouds of smoke like an overworked machine. One thought being, I didn’t even know my boyfriend — er, ex-boyfriend — had a restaurant this lavish. Another thought being how coincidental it was that Zane had chosen a restaurant that was Lovello’s. A third thought being — well, more of a realization, actually — that this restaurant was where the ‘family dinner’ would be taking place.Shifting, I glanced in the direction where Sadie and Natalio had ambled off to. Sure enough, at the right-end corner of the restaurant there was a crescent-shaped table, large enough to seat at least twenty people. And there sat Trevillo, Princessa and her husband, Natalio and Sadie, and two other couples that I didn’t know.Had they been there all along, or did they all arrive at the same time? The restaurant was huge, so they could’ve easily come in without me seeing. Plus the positioning of our table was made at an oblique angle to theirs, so I had to turn slightly to see their table. Besides, it’s not like I was watching the entrance every two seconds like Zane.A headache loomed in my forehead as I contemplated whether I should leave or stay. But why should I run as if I’ve done something wrong? I’ve done nothing wrong. Nothing … but love him.Lovello’s been cheating on me with his ex, and they must’ve known about it. So why be surly with me as if I’m the villain? Sadie said Lovello was frantic trying to reach me? Well, he should be. Lying scumbag that he was.Original plans were that I’d go straight to his house after work so we could get dressed together. When he’d started blowing up my cellphone at around six in the evening, however, I’d rejected all his calls and instructed Bill to strike his name from my Access list. Tish had phoned me, also complaining that Lovello was ringing her repeatedly, demanding to know where I was.I figured he’d get the gist, at some point, that I simply did not want to see or hear from him. I could’ve confronted him. Could’ve shown him the pictures and the condom packet and demanded an explanation. But what sense would it make? He’d only be ‘explaining’ with a lying tongue. And with the debilitating love that I had for him, I’d probably believe him without a second thought.The waitress appeared again, removing our appetizer dishes and announcing our main course, “Seared Steak with Caramelized Onions,” before scurrying off. My appetite was non-existent, but I picked up the fork, nonetheless, and forced the food down my throat.“Zane,” I quietly began. “I’m not sure what you expect me to say to this, but it’s insane.“Zane forked a succulent piece of steak into his mouth. “What we have is insane. I’m insane about you. My love for you is insane.”“Jesus, will you just stop!” I hissed, setting my fork down with more force than needed. “Where’s all this coming from all of a sudden? I mean, we broke up five years ago. Well, yeah, we’ve been feeding each other’s pleasure on occasion and we do have a strong ‘relationship’, but it’s also an insalubrious one. A relationship that is broken and will forever be broken. Marriage? Are you demented? I’d think you, of all people, would know better than to think I’d want marriage. The hell? Do I look like a wife and kids woman to you?”Zane sighed. “I know, Axia. I’ve placed a lot of thought into this. Marriage is just an ordainment to seal what we have. To know that I’m truly and forever yours. To know that you won’t, um, leave me for anyone.”“Ever heard of that thing called, um, divorce?” I spat in sarcasm.“I’d never allow you to divorce me,” he deadpanned.“Dios mío, I think I’m having a migraine,” I mumbled, as I poured a glass of water from the chilled jug, then snatched two aspirins from my purse.After swallowing the aspirins, I closed my eyes for a count of ten seconds, then opened them to look at the inducer of my migraine. “I’m sorry, Zane, but I really can’t accept your proposal. It just won’t work. Sorry.”Unperturbed, Zane gazed back at me through impassive eyes. He was rarely impassive with me, always giving me the upper hand in everything. But tonight he just seemed … different. “Why?”His nonchalance was beginning to stroke my ire. I was a mess. A heaping mess. And he didn’t seem to realize that. He’d fallen so tranquil and equanimous ever since Natalio and Sadie appeared at our table. “Because I’m with someone else. And I’m … I’m in love with him.”Zane sat back in his seat, peering at me through his captivating hazel-browns, a hint of humor dancing in them. “Really now?” he drawled. “Are you sure?”“Positive.”He ran his index finger to and fro on his chin, an all too familiar gesture of his. “You may have been, my heart. But you’re not anymore. As I said, you were always mine. Always will be mine.”He wasn’t looking at me now. His eyes were fixed in the direction of the Nelsons. The direction I’d been forcing my eyes not to look in. But the way Zane kept his gaze fixated in their direction, it was as if he were telling me to look.So I did …And that’s when I saw what he wanted me to see. Lovello and Nicole. They’d joined the table with the others, and, sure enough, they were all over each other. Must I mention that Nicole was wearing the black, mermaid-tail dress that’d been one of the dress options Lovello emailed me? Yeah, and I’d be an envious bitch if I said she wasn’t rocking it. Except that she had a black shawl around her shoulders that unnecessarily took from the edginess of the dress.They must’ve sensed that I was looking, because he suddenly grabbed her and kissed her as if he were trying to eat her lips off her face. I felt as if someone had knocked me in the stomach with a bowling ball, because a sudden gush of air rushed out of me, while my cheeks and ears burned like they were on fire. I was crying. But internally. Dry crying.Drawing my eyes away from the repugnant sight, I brought my cold and trembling hands beneath the table, lacing my fingers together to stop them from shaking. Never in all my life had I felt anything like this. Anything so harrowing. Such embarrassment. Such dreadful pain. Such remorse. It had to be my retribution for an unknown sin that I’d committed.“You’re still in love?” Zane asked, cocking his head to the side.Him! No wonder he was so nonchalant and composed. He knew I was dating Lovello. He knew this was Lovello’s restaurant, and he knew they would be here tonight. He set this up. That’s why he was so hasty to put the ring on my finger. He saw Natalio and Sadie approaching before I did and hurriedly slid the ring on to make it seem as if I’d said yes. This fucker! “You knew, didn’t you? You knew I was with him. You knew this was his restaurant, didn’t you?”Zane merely shrugged. “Babe, I couldn’t let you be with that guy. Are you not aware of his reputation with women? He would only hurt you. And I’m pretty sure he already did. You see that?” he said, nodding in their direction where Nicole was eating more of Lovello’s neck and less of her food. “With insensitive jerks like him, you’re replaceable. That’s what he’s trying to tell you right there. He didn’t care about you, Axia. If he did, he would’ve fought for you. Stick with the man who’ll fight for you, my heart. Like I’m fighting for you right now. You were always mine. I love you.”When he saw that I was without words, he continued the torture. “Men like him can’t be tamed. Stick to your kind. To the evil that you know. Be the woman who I know you are, and don’t ever, ever submit. Stay in control, baby. Always stay in control. And your heart will be safe.”I gazed, unblinking, at the chocolate-skinned man sitting in front of me, in all his handsomeness, his hazel-brown eyes bright and burning with love and … manipulation. That’s when I remembered Lovello’s words:“You weren’t the dominant, Axia. He was. He manipulated you into doing what he wanted. He knows how to control you, what to say and do to get you to cave in and play the dominant so he can receive his painful pleasure. The guy’s pretty damn smart.”Suddenly, I felt used and worthless and stupid. Again. I deserved to be tied to a tree over an ant’s nest, so that little kids, who have a heck of a lot more sense than me, could beat my dumb ass with baseball bats until I turned to toffee. “I was never the dominant, was I?”“Of course you were, my heart,” Zane said in a gentle voice, reaching out to take up my hand.With quick economical movements, I snatched up the steak knife and arrowed it straight at his throat. But just as quickly, he swerved to the side, and the knife bounced off the top of his chair and clattered to the floor. “Don’t you dare patronize me!” I yelled, not giving a shit whose dinner I was disrupting. If I had a gun, I would’ve probably shot anyone and everyone who looked in my direction. That’s how irate I was.“Axia, baby, calm down,” Zane tried to defuse me. “I wasn’t being condescend —”We were interrupted by a waitress, different from the one who’d been serving us all night. She set an ice bucket on the table that had a bottle of Perrier-Jouët champagne in it, informing us that it was courtesy of the owner, and handed a note to Zane before leaving us.Zane opened the note, read it, then with a smirk he directed his gaze to the Nelsons’ table and brought his hand to his forehead in a ‘salute’ gesture.Steeling myself, I shifted and looked over to their table to find Lovello staring straight at me, wearing his favorite expression of no expression, his arm draped around Nicole’s shoulders. And my heart imploded all over again. Though everyone was formally dressed, he was just in a chunky cream sweater and jeans. Maybe he didn’t bother to get dressed when he heard that I was here? He was breathtaking, nevertheless. Not even age will be able take away that guy’s etherealness. Another heart implosion occurred.With his eyes still on mine, he gripped Nicole’s chin and turned her lips to his, kissing her most leisurely without taking his eyes off me. The others at the table just stared, from them to me, then carried on with their conversations. I couldn’t bear to see it, though, so I tore my eyes away from his and shifted back to face Zane.Too much pain. Pain that I’d never felt before. Pain that I didn’t know a person could ever feel and still be alive.“Let me see,” I demanded of Zane, holding my hand out for the note.“No. It wasn’t meant for you,” he laughed.Did this man see anything funny about this damn situation?“Let. Me. See,” I bit out.Zane sighed and handed the note over to me, which read:Got to hand it to you, man. You’re one smart son-of-a-bitch. And I don’t come across many of those these days … You know, smart sons-of-bitches. You play well. Exceptionally well.Salute.I crumpled the note and tossed it back at him. “Yeah. You’re smart and I’m a monkey’s ass.” Snatching up my purse, I slid the ring off my finger, tossed it in the ice bucket and got up from my seat. “You’ll no longer manipulate this bitch. Stay away from me, Zane. Away.“As I started off, he stood up and grabbed my arm. “Babe, I know you’re pissed off about the whole situation. So I’ll give you some time to cool down and realize that everything I did tonight is because I care about you. More than that womanizing slumshit ever could. You’ll come to your senses and you’ll thank me. I’ll give you time, my heart. Because time’s what you need to heal.”He pulled me tight in his arms, and I let him. Because at that moment, I needed to be held. He pressed a kiss on my forehead and whispered the words “I love you” before granting me the freedom to walk away.On numb legs, I navigated through the restaurant and out of the doors. The cold night air rushed at me, flowing through my nostrils and freeing up my clogged lungs. The fresh air made me feel a bit better. Just a bit.I handed the valet my card and waited unsteadily as he scurried off to get my jeep. I noticed a scatter of paparazzi lingering nearby, vigilantly watching the restaurant’s door. News must’ve gotten out that Zane Zekiel was here.“Axia,” a gentle voice behind me called.I turned around to face the man who once hated me, then liked me, and now I’m sure I was back to being hated. Was he going to stick me with a needle that contained some lethal serum that would paralyze or kill me? One could never tell with this guy.Reflexively, I took a step back and hesitantly answered, “Trev.”For a moment, he merely stared at me. Then he ran a hand through his hair, looking floored. “Christ, Axia, what the fuck was that in there?”“I don’t know, Trev. I honestly don’t know.”Trevillo took a step towards me and I took a step back. In times like these, no one could be trusted. Especially a Nelson. “I know you weren’t cheating on my brother, Axia. Even if everyone else believes differently, I don’t. You love him. It’s evident in your eyes.” He shook his head. “I used to … uh, hang with Zane some time back, and he’s an illusive guy. Illusive and tactical. Gotta be sharp on your wits around him. So I’m pretty damn sure he had a hand in this. But … I’m still trying to figure out what the hell happened…”“Like I told you, Trev, your brother’s been screwing Nicole all along. So I guess I should’ve been cheating, too. It would make us even.”Trevillo wagged his head and sent his eyes heavenward. “You see, this is why I’ll never date younger women. All of you are screwed-up in the head and overthink everything. Seriously, you all are, should I be polite, nescient ignoramuses. Should I be more relatable, you all are dumb fucks.” — My word, he was more ticked off than I was — “Last night, I purposely brought Nicole into your V.I.P. booth to prove a point. But clearly, you didn’t get it. I don’t know if he’s fucking her or not, but look at this way: my brother will have my head for just talking to you, yet he doesn’t give a shit if I go partying, skydiving or bungee jumping with Nicole. And you still think he wants her?” Again, he shook his head in disbelief and fixated his gaze on me. “Apart from Love’s uncharacteristic behavior tonight, what evidence do you have that he’s fucking her, Axia?”The valet pulled up my jeep at that moment, and handed my keys over to me. I dipped into my purse and tipped him a one hundred dollar bill. A wide smile split his face and I was glad that someone, anyone, at least, was allowed a modicum of cheer tonight.Turning my attention back to Trevillo, I simply said, “He bites,” then hopped into the jeep. I turned the key in the ignition and my Hummer H2 roared to life.Trevillo’s brows knitted in confusion as he strode up to the jeep and tapped on the window for me to power it down. When I did, he asked, “What?”“When you get back to the dinner table, check Nicole’s arms and shoulders. That’s my evidence.”My foot hit the gas and the jeep was off before Trevillo could utter another word.The sonuvabitch freakin’ bites.


XXVIOne hand went before the other, slicing through the water, propelling my body forward. Reaching the end wall, I flipped over and started another lap. This would be around the fiftieth lap since I jumped off.With my eyes and ears closed, I couldn’t see or hear anything, and that was my goal. I didn’t want to see. Didn’t want to hear. Nothing. Just to concentrate on moving my body forward through this resistant source. At least it created the illusion of me getting somewhere — even if it was just from one short point to the next and then back again, and again, and again.But outside of this source, even though I walked and talked and tried that thing called ‘moving on’, I wasn’t really getting anywhere. I merely placed one foot before the next, carrying my life on my legs, but I remained in the same spot, like walking on a treadmill. I wasn’t going anywhere. There was nowhere to go. There was nowhere I wanted to go.It had been five weeks since that heart-wrenching night at The Golden Seven. Lovello and I haven’t seen nor heard from each other since. We had a silent break-up. A break-up where no words were needed. No screaming or shouting or verbally abusing the other. It was just one of those break-ups where we both knew that that was it. It was over.The day after, I packed his belongings and called his housemaid, Rosa, over to get them. But I hired securities to deliver his 1.1 million dollar Chopard watch back to him. Which was returned. And which I’d sent back. Yeah, we’d engaged in a back and forth with that gift until he finally gave up and kept it. Getting him out of my mind and heart was, well, impossible. Veraciously speaking, though, I wasn’t trying hard enough to get him out. In fact, I permanently planted him there. Lovello Nelson was too sweet a treat to let go of. But I’m proud to say that I haven’t shed a single tear. At least I still had a modicum of strength left.A week after that, I’d felt overwhelmed with the undying memories of him being in my house, so I’d hired a designer to redecorate the house with new furniture and all. That’d helped for all of two days before memories of him came deluging again.Not being in a frame of mind to relay any kind of affection and attention to Timo, I’d handed him over to an ecstatic Ally for long-term keep. Call me a bad mom if you want — I’m flipping the bird at you right now.Then, I’d looked around and seen my housekeeper, Donna, and figured that the memories were still there because of her. Because Lovello was the one who’d hired her. So I fired her.That didn’t help much either. So I tried staying at Trudy’s. But I was out of that house before three days had passed — hearing her and Tish making all those sex noises gave me nausea.That’s when I figured maybe I needed a new home. As a consequence, I’d dialed up my new buddy Trevillo and blew up a few unnecessary millions buying a penthouse in one of his newly built high-rise apartments that granted a spectacular view of the San Francisco skyline.Whenever I checked my bank account — which was rare — the numbers there always surprised me. My father had pushed Romaine and I to invest in so many businesses that I hardly remembered some of them. Profits were wired directly to my accounts, and for months my figures would be zooming up, shocking me whenever I checked them. I was more than pleased to know that impulsively purchasing a penthouse wouldn’t even scratch me financially. I didn’t sell my house in Crissida Cove, though. I loved it too much. It was my home. I just couldn’t live there until I was completely over Lovello. Which might be never.Up high on the forty-fourth floor, my new penthouse was all glassy modern, lofty, luxurious, cold and unsoothing.I was still alone.And I was still in love.None of the drastic changes that I’d made had reduced my pain. They merely intensified it. I’d gained one new friend, though. Trevillo.Since the debacle at the restaurant, he checked up on me daily. Our conversations became longer and more comfortable with each visit. His companionship I appreciated, because I rarely saw much of Trudy anymore.Her boss, ahem, Lovello, had been demanding more and more of her time on their new project, rendering her perpetually busy. Trudy voiced her belief that he was keeping her busy on purpose. Especially when my birthday had rolled around in October. He’d kept Trudy in, doing serious overtime. Trudy was my only friend and he knew it. Who would’ve thought that the godly Lovello had a vindictive streak?I also had been overworking Tish. Because I’d been back and forth between here and L.A., shopping for a space to open a second branch of PSFC. More things to keep me busy would be curative, I told myself.My birthday had found me alone at home, engaged in a long, financial lecture on the phone with my father. For my gift, he’d wired the amount I paid for my penthouse, telling me that I should consider the penthouse as a gift from him instead, and never to spend so ‘frivolously’ again. Saving me from the unwanted lecture was the intercom buzzer. A chirpy Trevillo had been on the other end, wishing me a happy birthday and ordering me to get dressed and get my ass downstairs.Although I’d tried to object, he’d insisted. So I’d simply dragged on jeans and a T-shirt with my hair piled atop my head and went downstairs to meet him. Just like that, he’d thrown me into his car, whisked me off to his private jet and flown us to Las Vegas. Must I speak of how insane Halloween in Las Vegas is? That was one helluva weekend. It was the most fun I’d had since my break-up with Lovello.Trevillo had brought his current bed partner and the two guys I’d seen him with at the club. Strangely enough, they didn’t even attempt to flirt with me. The guys were scorching number tens, enough to get me laid in my vulnerable state, but they’d never so much as blinked in my direction. Which made me wonder if I’d grown grotesque or something. The person who kept his eyes close on me was Trevillo. Paying very little attention to the woman he’d tagged along, he kept me right by his side at all times. It was obvious that he was trying to jolt me back to life, and I appreciated him for that. Even though I knew that he was laboring in vain. Because, for me, there was no life without Love. I could never go back to the woman I was before Love.Love owned me.But Love would never have me.When I returned from Vegas, I’d slept for an entire day. And in the days that ensued, I’d hardly gotten any work done, because I’d keep falling asleep at the drop of a hat. Not to mention the sudden attacks of thoughts about him. There was no escaping. That Vegas trip had only been another temporary cure.Pressing my right foot against the wall, I flipped over for another lap. Then I sensed someone watching me. Stopping in the center of the pool, I bobbed up my head, threading my arms and legs to keep me afloat.Trevillo was standing by the edge of the pool, holding a bag of Chinese food and smiling at me. “You’re always swimming. You’ll wrinkle, Axia,” he chided.“You need to stop strutting around my gym as if you own the damn place,” I said, before ducking back under the water and swimming the distance to the end. I made to climb out of the pool but, remembering my little secret, I sank back into the water. “Throw me my towel.”Trevillo snatched my towel from the hook and handed it to me on a raised brow. Turning my back to him, I climbed out of the pool rather awkwardly and swiftly wrapped the towel around me. My secret was mine.I turned back around to see Trevillo smirking at me, his brow still raised. Then he shook his head and held up the food bag. “I brought lunch.”“Great. I’m starving.”“You must be. Knowing you, you haven’t been swimming for just twenty minutes.”We went to sit on a long bench on the left of the room, and I impatiently grabbed the bag from Trevillo’s hand before he was even properly settled, asking “what’d you get?” while opening the food boxes.“Your fave. Shrimp fried rice with extra soy and a serving of fried wontons…” He trailed off, seeing that I’d already discovered which was mine and started stuffing my mouth.Forkful after forkful, I relished every bit of it, almost forgetting that Trevillo was there with me. When I heard him chuckling, I glanced up at him with stuffed cheeks. “What?”“The way you eat, woman. That’s what.”I waved him off and continued with my lunch.Trevillo had become so cherished to me, and very quickly, too. For the life of me, I couldn’t understand why he’d been so nice to me, while all the other Nelsons detested me for ‘cheating’ on Lovello. He said he knew I never cheated on his brother. But how was he so sure?We never, on any terms, discussed Lovello. Because I’d requested he steered clear of any topics pertaining to him. I already had to deal with the fact that he was his brother.Avoiding topics about him wasn’t a matter for Trevillo, though. Because Lovello had been rancor towards him since that night. He’d apparently been pissed that Trevillo had run outside to talk to me. Trevillo found it hilarious that even through all that fiasco, Lovello was still being possessive.Every bit of food got devoured from my food box and my stomach was full to capacity, but I still felt hungry. It was an annoying thing that had been happening to me of late. Sans permission, I dipped into Trevillo’s box and stole one of his spring rolls, to which he merely shook his head and laughed.And then a wave of sleepiness passed over me all of a sudden. “Can I lay my head in your lap?”Nodding, Trevillo packed up the food boxes and set them aside, making space for me to lie down. Curling up on the bench, I lowered my head onto his denim-clad thighs and closed my eyes. A second later, his fingers were stroking my damp hair, pushing me into sleep. His deep voice grabbed me back from sleep’s grasp, though. “Would you think of me as a freak if you didn’t know me and I ran into a crowded bar wearing nothing but rugged work boots?”I giggled. “What?”“You’d think of me as a freak, right? Because I’d be completely nude, my balls and flaccid cock just hanging there, in a bar crowded with people, yelling ‘get outta here, you perverted freak!’ When really, all I want is for someone to be kind enough to lend me a coat or something.”“But why would you even be naked in the first place?”“Because I’d been in a little scuffle with a whore.”“Huh? A whore?”“Yeah. I told her I wanted to buy pleasure from her, then I screwed her brains out and refused to pay her. So, she stole all my clothes and ran off.”I burst out laughing. “Then, in that case, I think you got what you deserved. And yes, I’d think of you as a perverted freak. Why would you want someone to be kind to you when you weren’t kind to that poor whore?”Trevillo sighed. “See how the world is?”But he didn’t elaborate, he just carried on with his stupidities as he stroked my hair.“Okay. Let’s say you’re standing in your house looking out of your window. It’s a normal, quiet day. And a normal delivery guy walks up to your neighbor’s door across the street to make a delivery. As he mounts their steps, sudden gunfire rings out. At this, the delivery guy tosses the package in the air and takes off at lightning speed down the street, running past his truck and feeling his body in the process, checking if he got shot. In that very moment, what would you be doing? Laughing at the delivery guy’s reaction, or calling the police about the strange gunfire?”I’d already been guffawing at his description of the delivery guy’s reaction to the gunfire. “To be honest, I think I’d be laughing my guts out at the delivery guy. Probably recording it on my phone, too! That gunfire would be remembered after my laughter has died.”“See how the world is?” he repeated. Then he said, “I love to hear you laugh, Axia. And it’s so easy to make you laugh, too.”I didn’t reply, grateful for the bouts of laughs he’d given me, while acknowledging to myself that I hadn’t always been this way. Lovello was the one who’d made me loosen up from my starched personality. Lovello was the one who’d made me realize that it was okay to be a girl sometimes. Lovello was the one who taught me how to laugh. Lovello was the one.We remained silent for a while, with just the calming strokes of Trevillo’s long fingers in my hair. It was beyond my comprehension why he always made time to see me, to ensure that I’d eaten and gotten a day’s worth of laughs. Maybe he’d discerned that I wasn’t over my break-up with his brother and knew that I needed a friend? Seeing that Lovello was making certain that Trudy wasn’t available to me anymore?“I’m leaving for Jamaica tomorrow. Need to make a surprise visit and check in on the progress of the resort I’m building there. I have a feeling the contractor’s slacking up.”“How long will you be gone for?”“About two weeks.”“Okay,” I responded, feeling that loneliness befalling me again.“You’re gonna be okay?”And there it was. He was trying to keep me happy.I turned my head on his lap to look up at him. “Why? Why do you insist on being good to me? Who do you risk your relationship with your brother? You know they probably think we’re sleeping together, right?”“My brothers know me well enough to know that I wouldn’t sleep with you, because … I like you too much.” His eyes flitted away from me and out to the pool. “Sex ruins a lot of good things. Not all the time you discover something good with someone means you should incorporate sex. Good things can just be good things. Not because you find that you click with someone does it mean you should turn it into a sexual conundrum. Men and women can be friends. If they just let it be what it is without overreading things.”“In others words, you like me but…”He chuckled lightly. “You’re not mine. I’m not stupid…” he trailed off, then pinned me with a serious stare. “Scratch all that sissy boy shit I just said for a second. I want to fuck you so bad and so hard, Axia, that I don’t just have blue balls when I’m around you. I have raging red balls that burn with such searing heat that even my asshole hurts. It’s not a good feeling. But that’s all I want to do. Fuck you. I’m not like my brothers with the whole hearts and feelings shit. I’m … fucked-up.”When I only stared back at him, speechless, he laughed. “That’s the real truth. But let’s pretend I didn’t divulge all that and go back to the sissy boy talk. You’re safe there. Believe me.”His eyes shifted back out to the pool. “That day at the wedding when you told me you loved him, there was such fire in your eyes. A burning force emanated from you, so strong that I felt it. And when someone outside of a relationship can feel the love you have for another, there’s no doubt it’s real. Then that night when you were leaving The Golden Seven and I approached you, when you’d turned to me, the pain that was there in your eyes rendered me speechless for a moment. And again, it’s like I was feeling that pain.” He trailed his thumb over my eyebrows and down my nose. “I felt it incumbent upon me to take away that pain from you. Don’t ask me why. I wanted to do whatever I possibly could to make you smile. But every time I look at you, I see that the pain is still there. And even though I’m trying to help to soothe your pain, I know I’m also fueling it. Because, each time you turn your eyes away from me, I know it’s because I’m reminding you of him.”How right he was. The majority of the time when I looked at him, all I saw was Lovello. The three brothers resembled each other so well that it was impossible not to be reminded of Lovello when Trevillo was around.Tracing the curve of my lips with his forefinger, he said, “I want to tell you something, and if you ever say it back to anyone, I’ll burn your gym down to ashes.”I laughed out.“Axia, you know I’ll do it.” And his face was deathly serious.“Oh, I sure do, Devil Boy.”He closed his eyes. “I’ve always thought the concept of love to be stupid. I’ve never desired it and I take precautions in fending off any such disasters. It’s one reason I avoid younger women. But honestly, the way I’ve seen Natalio look at Sadie, and the blaze I see in your eyes when you talk about my brother, make me wonder about this ‘love’ thing. I almost want to — remember, Axia, I will burn your goddamn building down — I almost want to know what it feels like.”A goofy grin split my face. “That’s the big secret? That’s not a bad thing, Trev.”“For me, it is.”I reached up and stilled his moving hand on my cheek, squeezing it for him to open his eyes and look at me. “Trev, it’s the most amazing thing when you have it. The world just seems right and sensible. Living just seems easy. You’ll cry for no reason, and you’ll laugh for no reason. Your heart will ache, but only because it’s swelled with emotions. Sometimes you’ll feel so overflowed with love that you’ll just want to climb the highest mountain, spread your arms wide, and scream. Just scream nothings out to the world. All because you’re so happy in love. Yes, it makes you that giddy.”“And when you don’t have it?” he asked quietly.Taking a deep breath, I closed my eyes and leaned into his palm. “It can be harrowing. Heart-wrenching. You just don’t have a reason to do anything anymore. Because everything you’ve ever done was for that person. And now that you don’t have them, why bother? Sometimes you don’t even want to breathe. Because they’re not breathing your air with you. You dream about them, you think about them, every goddamn second of your day. It makes you angry. It makes you sad. It makes you feel small. Pointless. Without purpose. Without it, living is hard…”Silence stretched between us for a while, before Trevillo encouraged, “You should fight for him, you know.”“No. Why couldn’t he fight for me?”“Axia, I know my brother. Meaning, I know that’s what he needs. Someone to prove to him that he’s worth fighting for. You see, Nicole never even second-guessed leaving him when my father disapproved of her. She just left without a fight. There’s the difference between her and Sadie. Sadie fought for Natalio, valiantly going head-to-head with my Dad. That’s something none of us would dare do. I believe that’s why Love’s so drawn to her. Because she fought.”“Oh, so I don’t need him to prove to me that I’m worth fighting for? Why must the woman always be the sex to display weakness? Are men so caught up in themselves that they can’t show even an ounce of vulnerability?” I scoffed. “At least Zane thought I was worth fighting for.”Trevillo answered with a scoff of his own. “You know exactly which one was love, and which one was infatuation. You and Zane broke up and you got over it. You and Love broke up, and what did you do? You branded him on your skin.”Shock blew my eyes wide and I instinctively clutched my towel tight to my body. “H-how did you know?”“Let’s just say I’m a lot more observant than you think,” Trevillo laughed.In Vegas, I’d snuck away one afternoon to a tattoo parlor and got the word LOVE tattooed over my rib, right beneath my heart. I’d convinced myself that it was simply the word love. Just love. That’s all. But I knew, like Trevillo knew, exactly what that ‘love’ was short for.“Just one question, though,” said Trevillo. “Why there?”A grin popped on my face for no reason whatsoever. “Well, if you’re familiar with Genesis, then you’d know that when God decided he needed to make a partner for Adam, he caused Adam to fall asleep and then he removed one of his ribs and made Eve from it. And what were Adam’s words when God took Eve to him? ‘At last, this one is flesh of my flesh and bone of my bone, she will be called woman because she was taken from man’. I just believe that every man out there has a woman who’s his. Flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone, because she was unwittingly made from his rib, just for him. And when they find each other, they’ll just know.”“You think that you’re Lovello’s? That you were made for him?”I nodded.“And yet you don’t think you should fight for him?”Refusing to answer, I turned my head in his lap to the direction of the pool and closed my eyes while he continued stroking my hair, lulling me to sleep. Again, my near-sleep was disrupted. By Tish’s voice this time.She stood at the doorway of the pool room, looking flushed. The only time she had that flushed look was whenever she was afraid to tell me something, not knowing what my reaction would be. But Trevillo had gotten me so relaxed, I don’t think I could’ve gotten angry right now even if I tried. “What is it, Tish?”“Um, it’s, er … you have a visitor,” she stuttered.“Does the visitor have a name, Tish?” I asked, my eyes shutting down again to the even strokes of Trevillo’s fingers.Tish coughed. “Uh, yes, her name’s … Nicole Allen.”All sereneness gone, my eyes flew open. “What? For what reason?!”Tish shook her head. “I don’t know. She just said she wanted to speak with you.”I turned to look at Trevillo in question. He shrugged, seeming just as confused as I was.Well, this ought to be interesting.


XXVII“Catch up, later,” Trevillo said, as we left the pool room and traveled down to the stairway where Nicole stood.She was glamorous as always in a red pencil skirt, a white ruffle top and killer heels. Her hair was scissored in a shorter and edgier style, with more prominent highlights of platinum blonde. Being so striking to the eye in a way that made it impossible not to zone in on her from head to toe, she really ought to consider modeling. There wasn’t a doubt she would make it, big time, in that industry.There was zero acknowledgment from Trevillo towards Nicole as he left. Nicole stiffly avoided him, too. Which left me wondering if they weren’t on speaking terms, and why. Curiosity was evident in her expression as she side-eyed him, though.Hands fixated on hips, I stood before her, waiting to hear what this visit was about. Expressing discomfort, she shifted on her feet and eyed Tish with uncertainty. “Can we go somewhere private to talk?” she asked in her soft, airy voice.Assuring Tish that all was good, I lead Nicole up to my office.“Gimme a sec,” I told her, as I grabbed shorts and a tank from my gym bag and slipped into the bathroom to get dressed.Most women would’ve flipped the attitudinal ‘I’m better than this shit’ card, chasing away the rival with a “I don’t want to hear anything you have to say. Please leave.” Or a “We have nothing to talk about. I have no time for this.” Sorry, but I wasn’t one of those idiotic women. Heck yes I wanted to hear what’s going down. Eager, too! But, of course, that eagerness would be hidden.When I returned from the bathroom, I noticed her eyes were darting from corner to corner of the office. My office wasn’t ‘I’m-a-billionaire-CEO’ style, but it was capacious and sumptuous. There was a bathroom that wasn’t small, a kitchenette, an eating table that could seat four, a huge serpentine white leather couch, a sixty-inch high-definition flat-screen T.V., and all the luxury needed to grant me a comfy office. The one thing it was short of was a floor-to-ceiling window with a view. Other than that, my office kicked ass, so I let her fill her eyes.Bundling my damp hair into a stringy mess atop my head, I sank down in the chair around my desk, leaned back and stared over at Nicole expectantly.She gave a tentative smile. “You have a very nice office.”“Gracias,” I said, voice clipped.“You could do well with a vista view, though.”Bitch.“If I’d wanted a view, I would’ve paid someone to knock the walls out and put glass in instead. There’s nothing hard in it. And it’s most definitely not out of my reach.”Silence stretched as I waited for the woman sitting across from me to skip the chit-chat and say whatever the hell she came here to say. But her eyes kept shifting from here to there without a word. In fact, she seemed nervous. I made her nervous? This woman was dressed to the ninth and here I was, as bland as they came, with messy damp hair, tank top and shorts, and I made her unnerved? She’s the one who’s got the guy. She won. I lost. What did she have to be nervous about?On an anxiety-striated laugh, she said, “You’re not very friendly, are you?”What in the … ? “Are you serious? Look, lady, you need to kill the damn tongue wagging an —”“I broke up with Ty,” she blurted.Ty … Ty … ah, Lovello. “And you came all the way here to tell me this because … ?”“I just thought that since we’re not together anymore that —”“I could collect his sorry ass now that you’re done with him?”Nicole licked her lips and shifted in her seat, her fingers moving restlessly over her bedazzled purse. “Well, not really. I, ah, well, um … I came to be honest with you.”“Honest with me about what exactly?”Nicole’s golden eyes made a nervous sweep around the room again before landing back on me. “Ty never cheated on you.”A blink was all I could afford at that.When she saw that I was waiting for elucidation, she continued. “I’ve always told myself that Ty was mine. I’ve always loved him. But I’m sure you’ve heard how horrible his father had been to me. So I ran. Truth is, my break-up with him wasn’t entirely because of his father. It was also because Ty was in love with who he thought I was.”Her tongue made a swift pass over her lips again as she flicked her eyes to mine. “He likes being taken care of. He’s slovenly. Likes to be comforted, and reads his Bible way too damn much. The thing is, I like being taken care of, too. I’m slovenly. I like to be comforted. And I kind of had to be the opposite of that to cater to him. Don’t get me wrong, he did take care of me, gave me comfort and indulged me. But, I didn’t enjoy the job of playing that wifely role for him. I was too young and I just wanted the millionaire that he was, at that time, to pamper me. I didn’t want to play the 50/50 two-way game. I guess that’s what people call being selfish?”She heaved a heavy sigh. “You might imagine when I went to his home and heard his father utter the words ‘marriage’ and ‘wife’ — not like he was approving of me to be those things — but I got scared. Even though Ty wasn’t proposing as such, if I’d stayed with him, he probably would’ve one day done so, and I couldn’t see myself being a boring wife, cooking dinner every day and cleaning up after a man’s mess. Me, I like to shop. A lot. I like to party and eat out at restaurants, wearing the latest fashion. So you can see, I kinda got a panic attack and just left Ty.”Nicole uncrossed her legs, then crossed them back again as she took brief respite from her tale. Maybe she was expecting me to say something, but what on earth would that be?“Armand, my ex-fiancé, I met him a year after Ty. I didn’t love him or anything, but he gave me the pampering lifestyle that I needed, and he didn’t request anything of me but to be an attractive rose on his arm.” She snorted. “Well, that’s what I thought. I later discovered he was cheating on me with some average girl who cooked and did all that shit for him. He’d spend most of his evenings at her house before he came home to me. And then I thought, men seem to enjoy women who are women. So why not be a woman for the man whom I do love? As a result, I broke off the engagement with Armand and moved back here to try rekindling things with Ty; it wouldn’t be that hard. He loved me. He’d never entered another serious relationship after me, so I thought he was never over me. Except I was wrong. Again. Because I only came to find that he had a girlfriend.”Shaking her head, she laughed aloud. “I don’t think I’ve ever heard Ty use that word before. He always used to refer to me by name.”“Could you just stop calling him ‘Ty’, please?” I bit out. “It’s annoying the shit outta me.”Nicole smiled. “I call him that becau —”“I don’t care to know why you call him that,” I snapped. “Just use ‘Lovello’ here.”Her smile faltered, and she seemed a bit daunted. “Okay, um … yeah.” Glancing at me uncertainly, she continued. “When I realized that ‘rekindling’ was almost improbable, seeing that every next word he uttered from his mouth was ‘Axia’ — Axia this, Axia that — I figured that getting him back was going to take a fight. That led to me befriending Carla. I made her plant a condom packet with missing ones in his wallet. Knowing the slipshod that he is, there’s no way you wouldn’t find them. And the way he went on about you, I knew you guys couldn’t possibly be having protected sex,” she said, raising a brow that asked for my confirmation.All she received from me was an impassive stare, so she shrugged and carried on. “I listened out for some argument or big break-up over the condoms, but never heard Lovello speak of a fight. So I knew we had to come up with something else. That’s when I remembered his biting habits. Carla and I set up everything with those pictures, Axia. And what better time to take them than when we’re out shopping together?”“So, you both just hooked up the minute we broke up? Is that what you’re trying to tell me? That in the very minute he learned that I was at his restaurant with someone else, he just said, ‘you know what, Nicole, we should get back together. Let’s stick our tongues down each other’s throat and rekindle our love’?” I laughed out at the hilarity of this woman’s story. “Do you expect me to believe that? Did he send you here to tell me this because things didn’t work out with you two? That a cute little story about you framing him would make me go back to him?”Nicole’s eyes widened a fraction, her head slightly shaking as she stared at me in disbelief. “You truly don’t believe me?”“No, Nicole. I don’t.”“Do you believe that he loved you?”“No.”Nicole pursed her lips and looked from left to right, seemingly not knowing what to do with me. “Do you have any idea what that night was about?”“An important family dinner was all I heard it was,” I shrugged.On a sharp, exasperated inhalation, she pinned me with her golden eyes. “Axia, Lovello was going to propose to you that night. The pictures that you saw of us, we were in a jewelry store shopping for a ring. For you.“Unblinking, I stared at her for several heartbeats, my pulse firing away, until I caught myself. “Well that was a stupid idea. Someone else beat him to it,” I dismissed in a bored tone, even though on the inside I was screaming: Propose?! Propose?! Holy stinking shit! Trevillo never gave me that tidbit.Nicole threw her hands up in the air. “Oh my God, you’re such a bitch!”“Thank you,” I evilly smiled.“Did you hurt him on purpose?” she demanded, running me over with a cold stare.Now that was laughable. “If that story you just told me is true, then I think the person who hurt him is you, Nicole.”I got up and went to fetch a bottled water from the fridge, taking one back for Nicole, too. There wasn’t a moment’s hesitation from her as she opened the bottle and downed half the water in one gulp. Contrition colored her cheeks, as if she was now realizing that if Lovello had been feeling any hurt from the break-up — which I highly doubted he was — then it was on her account.“That night,” she started again. The woman really came to talk. “I didn’t know what was happening. He just popped up at my apartment with a dress, hurrying me into it. He wasn’t even formally dressed, and I knew he should’ve been suited to that occasion. He rushed me to his car and drove like a maniac to the restaurant. It’s when I got there and saw you, and heard everyone at the table talking about the irony of you getting engaged to your ex-boyfriend on the same night Lovello was to propose, that I realized I was being used as a jealousy bullet. But I didn’t care, ‘cause I was thinking to myself that I’d won him back.”“So you’re telling me that you had those bite marks on your skin and Love didn’t notice them? All this just sounds like a bunch of bullshit, to be honest.”“No. I always had them covered when I’m around him.” Irritation was evident in her voice. “I just don’t understand why you’re so resistant to the truth. He didn’t cheat on you, Axia. He saw the bite barks, yes, but that’s after you left the restaurant. Trev stormed back into the restaurant after whatever chat he had with you, and just tore off my shawl, checking my shoulders. When he saw them, he got pissed, called Lovello a ‘blockheaded asshole’ and left. He hasn’t spoken to me since.”“And Love?”“He just sat there staring at me for what felt like a lifetime. Like he’d zoned out completely. Then out of the blue, he grabbed me and dragged me out of the restaurant. I thought he was mad at me and was going to curse at me for what I did. But instead, he shoved me into his car, drove me home and fucked the daylights outta me. He was so aggressive with me, I couldn’t even … God.”A wave of nausea washed over me at the thought of Lovello having sex with Nicole. I’d had a preview with their tongue-tying in the restaurant. But actually having sex?Stomach churning, I shot up and bolted to the bathroom as my lunch made its way up my throat. Over and over, I heaved my tripes out into the toilet, then dropped my head on the seat, feeling like I’d just been flogged. I felt debilitated, lethargic, with a sudden desire to sleep into tomorrow. But, alas, Nicole was here, so I flushed the toilet and freshened up.“Are you okay?” Nicole asked in a genuinely concerned voice when I emerged from the bathroom.“Yeah,” I croaked, dropping my half-alive body down in the chair. “You were saying?”Nicole made a curious narrowing of her eyes, but asked nothing more of my well-being and continued in the same vein. “What I’m saying is, I think you need to save Ty — um, Lovello. I know earlier I said that I broke up with him, but I don’t think we were even together to begin with. I rarely see him, he sleeps around, and I’m always the one to initiate sex with him.” Another wave of nausea. “I came home one day to find him jackhammering that popstar Netta Williams or whatever her name is on the kitchen counter. He didn’t even care that I walked in on them, which pissed off that pop chick and she —”“Hold up. Home? So you moved in with him?”“Yes. Well … kind of.”“Wow. You must’ve had a field day burning my stuff,” I mumbled, more to myself than to her as I gobbled down some water in the hope of easing my queasy stomach. Although I’d packed all of Lovello’s things and sent them to him, he’d never sent back even an underwear of mine. Now I’m thinking that it’s probably because this conniving bitch burned them. Hell, he might have helped her.“Your stuff?” she asked, bewildered. “There was nothing for you there. The penthouse was so cold that I —”“The penthouse? That’s where you moved into?”“Yes. His home,” she said, frowning at me as if I were daft. “Does he have another?”A shrug jerked my shoulders. If she didn’t know that the penthouse wasn’t his home, then I wasn’t going to be the one to tell her she’d moved into his debauchery den. She was the one up for chatting and spilling all kinds of details. Not me. I was just the listener.“Anyway, he’s not over you, Axia. And I think you should at least try to get back with him. As indifferent as you’re being right now, I know you loved him. And you don’t get over someone you love in five weeks.”I raised an ‘oh really’ brow at her, but she ignored me with a roll of her eyes. “Likewise, Lovello tries to play it off by sleeping around and overworking at his company. He prays longer than usual and he listens to that Chris Brown song all.the.god.damn.time.”I couldn’t help laughing at her frustration. “What song?”“That song called…” She lifted her eyes to the ceiling, then snapped her finger, “ah, yes, All Back. Jesus, I can’t take it anymore. But I also love him too much to watch him be as messed up as he is right now. So if you’re wondering why I decided to come clean, it’s because I want you to know that I never won. You did. You’re his cure. He’s in love with you, Axia. And there’s nothing I can do to make him love me instead of you. So … that’s what I came here to tell you. I thought you should know … Know the truth.”“That was such a sweet little tale. How nice of you to bring me a midday treat,” I said, each word dripping sarcasm. “There will be no ‘getting back together’ with Love and me. Shit happens, and we’re done. I’m over —”The toilet?I didn’t get to finish that sentence because I was hurling over the toilet in a nanosecond, throwing up nothing but the water I just drank and thin air. Something must’ve been wrong with that food Trevillo brought me. Maybe it’s the shrimp? I curled into a ball at the foot of the toilet, wrapping my arms around my stomach, and forgetting completely about Nicole until I heard her knock at the door. Too weak to even open my eyes, I didn’t so much as flinch.“Um, Axia? You’re obviously ill, so I’m just gonna go and come back some other —”“Go, yes. But don’t come back,” I barely managed through my dry throat.I heard her sigh, then said, “I’ll let your assistant know you’re ill so she can get you some pills or something. I really do hope you get better soon.”There was sincerity in her voice that I didn’t want to accept. As her footsteps clattered away, I clutched my stomach and gave in to inertia.The last thing I remember thinking before I fell asleep was that I couldn’t wait to feel better so I could look up that song Lovello had been listening to.


XXVIII“I like this one, hermana,” Romaine grinned and nodded. “It may not be the three-storeys you’re hell-bent on getting but, damn, it’s astronomical. This pointless, massive wall right here,” he walked over to an awkward never-ending wall on the far end of the space, “would be perfect for a climbing wall. And I don’t remember you having one of those back in San Fran.”Trust Romaine to see profit in something that would’ve otherwise been deemed purposeless by me.I nodded in confirmation. The building was huge, the best we’ve seen thus far. For weeks I’d been trying to find the perfect building in L.A. to open a second branch of PSFC, but failed to find a three-storey like the one back home. This wasn’t exactly what I was looking for, it was only two storeys, but it was inarguably a lot more expansive than my other building. “I dunno, Romaine. I think it’s —”“No more ‘thinking’. This is it. You’ve been so indecisive of late, I swear it’s annoying,” he snapped at me. “I don’t know what’s going on in that head of yours, but I’d like my focused and astute sister back, please. Muchas gracias.”The realtor grinned at my brother’s words, clearly ecstatic that a sale was about to be made.Trevillo had flown out to Jamaica this morning, therefore I no longer had him to help me with this decision on a new building. Such had led me to drag along my overwhelming brother today. Shopping with him was a headache. Every building we viewed he verbally decorated it, telling me what could go where, and which room could be used for what. He’d hardly allowed the realtor to do his job. But I’m pretty sure the realtor was taking lessons.Romaine was keen and agile when it came to making business decisions. There was no tarrying with him, and he saw potential in everything. He excelled at time-management, and he didn’t do too well at brooking people with vacillating, indecisive minds. It was one reason our father liked having him close by. Right now, I knew that if I didn’t get a grip on my indecisiveness, he’d ditch me on this viewing.Turning to the realtor, I nodded. “I guess this is it.”The realtor, a short stump of a man with receding hairline, tapped his fingers on his file jacket and grinned wider. “Well then, let’s get to the paperwork.”A few hours later, Romaine and I stopped at a deli restaurant to grab pastrami sandwiches before heading home. Lynn, my father’s former housemaid, met us there. I say ‘former’ because Romaine had taken her from her housekeeping duties and was now proclaiming her as his ‘girlfriend’. He’d moved her into his home and had her enrolled in culinary school.Her aspirations, he’d told me, were to become a professional chef and to have her own restaurant one day. With compressed lips, I’d just listened, wondering how well this ‘girlfriend’ suit he was trying on would fit, and for how long. My brother simply did not know what the words ‘settle down’ or ‘commitment’ meant. I’m pretty sure he suffered from Attention Deficit Disorder when it came to relationships.Lynn was looking primped and pampered, though, as opposed to when I’d last seen her in her maid outfit. Her hair was a flurry of thick, bouncing blonde curls, and her oval-shaped face was covered in far too much make-up for my liking. She was a transformed beauty, nonetheless. And was overly sweet to me, despite how bitchy I’d been — and still was, a little — with her.The line at the delicatessen was fairly long, and I at once felt seasick, even though I was on dry land. The people, the noise, the mixed smells of various meats? I wasn’t sure which made me ill, I just knew that I needed to have a seat before I collapsed.“Hermano,” I said, tugging Romaine’s arm. “I don’t feel so well. Will you place my order for me? You know my usual, number nineteen. Swiss cheese, Russian-style on rye bread, skip the coleslaw … I’ll be sitting in the corner over there.”Romaine nodded, frowning at me as he wrapped his arm around Lynn’s shoulders. Anyone who knew me knew that illness visiting my body was rare — if ever. Not even the common cold dared to pick a fight with my immune system. But of late, I’d been feeling as if the world was closing in on me. I dumped the thought that I might possibly be sinking into depression.There was such a major difference between this break-up and the one I’d had with Zane. With Zane’s break-up, I became stronger and more focused. With Lovello’s break-up, I grew more and more enervated each day. This whole ordeal had thoroughly subverted me. Sometimes I wondered how I would’ve made it through without Trevillo, because my best friend wasn’t available when I’d needed her the most. Lovello had revengefully made sure of that.Seated for a mere five minutes, I felt hot and frustrated as if I’d been waiting for five hours. Romaine and Lynn were still far back in the line. The vibration of my cellphone in my pocket had me jumping. It was a text from Trevillo, asking me if I was doing alright. I couldn’t be bothered to text back because my head had begun pounding brutally hard, as if a reconstruction was taking place in there. Leaning my head to one side of the glass window of the booth, I closed my eyes and tried willing the pain away. It took the intrusion of Romaine’s voice into my dark mind for me to realize I’d fallen asleep in a public place. He seemed to have been asking the unconscious me a question, but I’d only managed to catch the tail-end of it as I drifted back into consciousness. “What?” I asked, a bit hazy and fuddled.“I was wondering why you didn’t tell me you guys broke up — wait, were you s-sleeping?” Romaine incredulously asked.Ignoring his latter question, I rubbed the sleep from my eyes. “Who broke up?”“That hotshot billionaire you were dating,” he replied, taking the vacant seat across from me and dragging Lynn down onto his lap.“You’re late,” I yawned out. “That’s been like five weeks ago, dude.”Romaine tucked a lock of blonde curl behind Lynn’s ear, biting her neck teasingly which had her giggling like an adolescent. Ugh.“Must’ve been bad then, huh?” he said, turning his attention back to me. “The way he stormed out of here just now, you’d think hell was on his heels.”Spine suddenly stiff, I sat erect in my seat. “He was here? In here?”Romaine gave me a quizzical stare. No doubt surprised by my behavior. “Yeah. How else would I know you guys broke up? It was either that, or he’s cheating on you. And I’m much pleased to know it’s the former.”“He was here with … someone?” My voice was just audible.Romaine nodded. “A petite little thing. He came in, saw me and Lynn, and casually hailed us. Noticing the girl with him, I became confused, of course. So my eyes automatically shifted in your direction. He followed suit and saw you. Hermana, the guy stood frozen, staring at you for so long, you’d think he was turning into a pillar of salt or something.” He laughed out. “Then in a snap, he just turned and shot through the door faster than a lightning’s wink, leaving his date behind. I think she’s wandering around here somewhere like a lost puppy looking for him.” Romaine swept his eyes about the restaurant in search of the girl.“There she is,” Lynn piped in, pointing outside the glass window.Turning my head, I looked out of the window and saw a petite, bobbed-hair brunette, dressed in a short, denim skirt and a white cami tank. She was wandering up and down the sidewalk across the street, looking from here to there with a puzzled expression.God, it was both repulsive and saddening at the manner in which the guy treated women.Romaine and Lynn found it hilarious and were laughing their faces off at the poor girl, but I couldn’t see the hilarity in it. Nicole sure wasn’t lying when she said Lovello was spreading himself thin with women. Did I escape what would’ve been a terrible relationship with an even more devastatingly cyclonic break-up if prolonged? Or was Lovello’s callous and insensitive behavior his method of dealing with our split?“Blacksille, right?” a waitress asked Romaine, dragging me from my reveries.Romaine confirmed and the waitress handed us our sandwiches to go.We stood up to leave, but Romaine noticed I was swaying before I even felt it and caught me in his arms. “Hermana, you okay?” he asked, slightly panicked.“Yeah, yeah,” I mumbled and stepped out of his arms, trying to steady myself. But I couldn’t achieve such on my own, because my head began spinning and my limbs felt numb.“Maybe we should just stay and eat. You might feel better on a full stomach,” Lynn suggested.“No,” I objected, wanting nothing more than to be out of that place with all the chattering, moving people and meaty odors. “Just take me home. I just need sleep.”Lynn stole my handbag and sandwich from my hands, but I didn’t have the strength to protest. I laid my head on Romaine’s broad shoulder as he wrapped his arm around me and led me out of the delicatessen.As we made our way down the curb to Romaine’s Range Rover, I became aware of a low rumbling behind us. Vehicles tended to speed along this street, so the low rumbling of what sounded like a sports car made me lift my head and glance over my shoulder.An all too familiar sports car, Zenvo ST1 to be exact, was creeping behind us. But as soon as the driver noticed that I was looking, the sports car sped off down the street.Was he watching me? Why?Romaine noticed me staring after the sports car that was tearing up the street like nobody’s business. Bringing his palm to my temple, he pushed my head down back on his shoulder and kissed the top. “Was that him?”“Hmm hmm” was my only reply.Romaine sighed. “Mi hermana, I don’t know what went down with you two, but it’s as clear and bright as the morning sunlight that that man is in love with you.”A warm hand brushed across my forehead, and then there were footsteps marching off on marble tiles, accompanied by intermittent words of assurance. The voice I recognized as my father’s. Flapping my eyes into sight, I noted that I was sprawled on the cozy daybed in my father’s living room. Seemed I’d been too tired to make it upstairs when Romaine brought me home.Twisting and stretching my cramped limbs, I looked out of the floor-to-ceiling glass on the right at the setting sun. The cirrus clouds were a kaleidoscope of colors, an effect of the descending sun. The calming feeling of waking up in the Blacksilles’ residence wasn’t one I’d ever tire of.I got up and plodded to the kitchen where the distant mumbling of my father’s voice traveled from. He seemed to be on his phone. An angry growl sounded from my stomach as I did. Need for food was the cause of its rage.“ … I assure you, she’s fine … No, she’s just been asleep more than she’s awake. But it’s no big deal, it’s usual for her to stay in and sleep when she visits … Why? … Stop worrying, boy, she’s okay … No, I just checked on her and…”Vince spun around when he heard me enter the kitchen and quickly ended his call. Was he talking about me? To whom?“Who was that?” I inquired through an emergent yawn.“Ah, no one. Just a friend,” Vince waved off as he came towards me. “Feeling any better? Romaine brought you through the door half-asleep.”“I’m good, Daddy,” I laughed. “My stomach’s not okay, though. I’m starving.”He wrapped an arm around my shoulders and kissed my forehead. “Well, why don’t you go shower? Dinner’s in thirty minutes.”“I don’t think my stomach can wait for —”I was cut off by the sound of the heavy front door opening and closing, followed by the unmistakable purring of Seleste D’costa-Blacksille. “Blacksilles? Are any of you home?”Vince and I stood quietly as we listened to her heels cluck through the house and straight into the kitchen. In sashayed my breathtaking mother, wearing a red mini-dress and spiky black Louboutin heels. Her perfect bow-shaped lips were painted harlot-red, and her dark waves cascaded down her shoulders.The gulp Vince made next to me was more than audible, and I almost laughed out. Would he ever get over his ex-wife’s attractiveness?Seleste tossed her Louis Vuitton purse on the kitchen counter and rushed towards us with arms opened wide. In her over-sensual fashion, she threw her arms around me first and purred, “Oh my darling, baby. How are you?”“The same as I’ve been since I’d seen you in, um, let’s see, I dunno, a couple of months ago,” I dripped in sarcasm.The woman had come to San Fran to see and spend time with me. But once she’d begun jacking up with Trevillo, I never even glimpsed her. Until now.On a roll of her eyes, she waved me off, knowing damn well that she’d been more than neglectful with me. Releasing me, she sexily wrapped her hands around my father’s neck and kissed him square on the lips. But Vince barely returned her hug and scowled, showing that he was still miffed about her Trevillo fling. “What did I tell you about calling before you come here, Seleste? You can’t just pop up at anytime, whenever you feel like it.”Seleste kept her arms locked around his neck, kissing him longer this time. The temptress knew the game she was playing. She knew Vince wasn’t immune to her, and probably won’t ever be. “Why ever not, babe? Am I no longer Seleste Blacksille?”Vince deepened his scowl and glared at her, but made no attempt to remove her arms from around him. Shaking my head, I walked away from their annoying presence and headed over to the refrigerator in search of something sugary to wet my arid tongue. Knowing that this was usually the part where my parents would start arguing, I stuffed a piece of cold bologna in my mouth and grabbed a V8 Splash, thinking to myself that the sooner I could get out of the kitchen, the better.Except, though I waited for it, there was no yelling and cursing. That, of course, made me turn around in shock, only to find that they were both trying to rip each other’s tongue out.Gross.“Upstairs,” I heard Seleste moan, dragging my father out of the kitchen by his shirt collar.Vince stopped at the kitchen archway and glanced at me over his shoulder. “Axia, tell the cook that dinner should be served in an hour instead of thirty minutes.”And then they were off, giggling like high school students, making me want to gag.Again, gross.After I went to the other kitchen on the left wing of the house to inform the kitchen staff of the change in dinner time, I journeyed upstairs to grab a shower and had to cover my ears to block out my parents’ sex noises streaming down the hall. They’ve always been like this. Uninhibited. Not caring who was in the house or in their presence. They had a burning lust for each other and they weren’t coy about it. Ever since Romaine and I were kids, they’d never hid from us. They were always touchy-feely in front of us and as loud as porn stars in their bedroom. That was the story of Vince and Seleste Blacksille. The good part, actually. Showers were meant to leave you refreshed and invigorated, yet I emerged feeling as if I’d been dipped into a tub of depression milk. Wrapping a towel around my head, I trudged over to the music system to connect my iPod and selected Exposé’s I’ll Never Get Over You Getting Over Me, then flopped back on the bed. Without warning, the latch on the sluice-gates flew open and streams of tears cascaded down my face. There were no reasons for my tears. They were unexplainable. But I couldn’t control them. My only postulation was that I was dosed with a dash of depression and needed to get out of it. And soon.This was not me. Not even post-Zane was I this weak and sappy. Flipping over, I buried my face into the pillow, pulled the duvet over my head and cried myself into darkness. A faint knocking on my bedroom door dragged me from the comfort of sleep. I barely muttered a “come in” over the soft music, then Lynn pushed open the door and stuck her head in.“Mr. Blacksille wanted me to let you know it’s time for dinner.”“Okay. Yeah, whatever.”Lynn hesitated, regarding me with crinkled brows. “Are you okay, Axia? Can I help you with anythi —”“Yes, I’m goddamn okay! I wish you all would stop asking me that!” I snapped.Lynn nodded and quietly closed the bedroom door.Dragging my lethargic body off the bed, I went to my drawer and grabbed the first piece of fabric my fingers touched, hauled it over my head, then lazily slipped on underwear and denim shorts. Having slept with my hair wet, it was now a fuzzy mess. But I couldn’t have cared less, so I bundled it into a bigger mess atop my head, while The Flame by Cheap Trick seeped through the speakers of the music system.I snatched up my cellphone from the nightstand and saw ten missed calls from Zane. Sometimes I was led to believe that there was no escaping him. His determination was alarming. Ever since that night at The Golden Seven, he’d agreed to give me time. Each week he’d call and I’d tell him the same thing: “Zane, I don’t love you. Just let me go.” To which he would say, “I’ll give you more time to heal, my heart. Time is all you need. I’m patient.” The man really believed in his heart that I was his. That I was his possession. Manipulative bastard.Clearing the missed calls, I replied to a text message from Trevillo who wanted to know how I was doing. I assured him I was fine, then made my way downstairs for dinner. “Oh heavens, Seleste! It’s my body, I’ll eat whatever the hell I want…”For maybe about the hundredth time since I sat down at the dinner table, I sent my eyes heavenward. As it tended to be whenever Vince and Seleste got together, there was bickering about everything. Back and forth, back and forth, jeez, it was never-ending. Why they continued to do this to themselves, I had no idea. They couldn’t get enough of each other. Sexually. But out of the bedroom, they couldn’t stand each other. Romaine looked on in amusement, shaking his head at them. One would think we’d be immune to this by now. Nope.Vince’s cellphone rang and he glanced at the screen then eyed me oddly. Excusing himself from the table, he wandered off a few feet to answer it. Curiosity wrapped its strangling fingers around the cat’s neck, so I tuned out the chattering at the table and zoned in on his conversation.“ … Heavens yes, she is … No. We’re having dinner now, actually … I don’t know, maybe she was just lacking sleep. She’s got as much rest now and she’s fine … Yesss … Okay, I won’t.”When Vince returned to the table, I narrowed my eyes at him. “Who was that, Daddy? You were talking about me, weren’t you?”“No. I was — okay, I’m far too old to play this game. You two need to sort your issues out.”“You two, who?”“Nelson’s boy. He’s been phoning all day, inquiring about your well-being. Says he saw you earlier and you looked ill. And for some unknown reason, he doesn’t want me to let you know he’s inquired.” Vince took a sip of his wine and waved his hand dismissively. “But right now, I’m done. You two are grown adults, not college students.”“Well, the next time he calls, tell him I said he would be doing me an immense favor if he buys himself a gun — preferably one of our brand with the Blacksille print — and curl himself into a ball in a very dark corner, stick that gun into his mouth and pull the damn trigger.”“Axia!” my father scolded.Romaine laughed out, pounding the table with his fist, while Seleste stared at me in question.“You do know that he is a treasured business partner of mine, and I will tell him no such thing. I make a lot of money working with that genius, sweetheart. At this very moment, I’m trying to be his most trustworthy partner, in the hope that I can convince him to let me in on this new project he’s working on. There’s lots of talk that it’s going to be the social network of all social networks. So get your act together, because you won’t ruin this for me,” Vince chided.I pretended not to hear him, and also ignored Seleste who continued boring her questioning eyes into me. She didn’t know about the break-up with Lovello and me either, because, well, she just didn’t care enough about anyone but herself to know anything. She would, nevertheless, motherly proclaim her ignorance on the matter in three, two, one … “Axia, you never told me you and Lovello broke up.”There was no time to respond to her query, because my eyes were instantly drawn to the impeccably dressed Eve Tomb who was standing in the archway to the dining room. Dressed in white loose shorts, a gray tank with a white cropped jacket to match the shorts, and red high heels that looked exclusive, Eve resembled wealth. She’d no doubt been flapping her wings in Vince’s money. The caramel-skinned woman stared wordlessly at us all gathered as a ‘family’ around the table. Seleste followed my gaze and everyone else followed suit, finally noticing Eve Tomb, my father’s girlfriend.For a moment, there was just stunned silence, Vince clearly not knowing how to react, who to choose. Eve cleared her throat and directed her gaze to Vince, conducting a poor job at concealing the hurt in her eyes. “I-I guess I should just come back tomorrow, babe?”“How about not coming back at all?” Seleste spat.Vince shot Seleste a withering stare. “Don’t you dare.““What? You think she loves you for you, darling?” Seleste rejoined. Her pain was evident. “She’s young, rapacious, fame-hungry and is using you to push her career in the media business. She’s in love with your money and your name, Vince, not you.”A gasp exploded from Eve’s throat as tears welled in her eyes. Vince shot up from his chair. “Enough,” he pointed at Seleste, then started toward Eve.“Oh, the tears trick,” Seleste muttered, gesturing to Eve. “How old school. Who would’ve thought it still worked on you, Vince?”Vince stopped midway on his jaunt to Eve, ran a hand through his hair and looked between them both. To Eve, he instructed, “Go and wait for me in the living room. I’ll be there in a second.”Eve took a minute before she nodded and turned to leave, then stopped when Vince’s sturdy, commanding voice said, “I didn’t say you should leave the house, Eve. Wait for me in the living room. Understand?”Eve nodded again and left the room as Vince walked over to Seleste and crouched down by her chair. Before he could speak, Seleste said, “That’s what you want, isn’t it? Someone you can give a command to and they listen to you like an obedient puppy.”Placing a hand on Seleste’s thigh, Vince answered, “You know that, baby.”“I c-can’t be like that, Vince. I can’t submit.”Vince gave a sad smile as he ran his hand up and down her thigh. “I know. That’s why we got a divorce, remember?” Then he sighed. “We can’t keep doing this to ourselves and to others, Seleste. It’s selfish and unfair. I love you with all my heart, but we’re like oil and water. You won’t submit and neither will I. Why continue to torture ourselves like this? We have to stop.”Seleste slightly nodded, either in understanding or in agreement. “She wants your name,” she softly said, her eyes brimming with tears. “I already have that. You told me it belongs to me. She can’t have it, Vince. It’s mine. You’re mine.”Vince took up her hand in both of his and kissed the wedding ring that Seleste never stopped wearing. “Yes, it’s yours. True, I’m yours. My heart’s yours.” Kissing the ring again, he brought her palm to his cheek and closed his eyes. “I can’t promise you that I won’t share my love with someone else. But I promise you, Seleste, that I will never marry someone else. Because I will never, ever love anyone as much as I love you.” He kissed her fingers. “I love you.” Kiss. “I love you.”  Kiss. “But we have to say goodbye.”And with every word, I gagged. I’d never understand these two.Vince got up with a heavy sigh and walked out of the room, leaving a heartbroken Seleste behind. Just then, a maid set down a crockery of gravy on the table that swam into my nostrils and sent me into dizzying nausea. My throat was suddenly clogged with everything I’d just eaten. I bolted from the table and made it right in time to the nearest half-bathroom to regurgitate. Over and over, I heaved out all that I’d eaten. This illness was beginning to exhaust me. I couldn’t fathom what could be making me this ill. Was I being slowly poisoned or something?After cleaning up and returning to the dining room, I noticed Seleste and Romaine trading glances. Lynn met me halfway with a cup of tea. “Drink this. It’s ginger tea. You might feel better.”Lynn’s eyes blew wide when I muttered a “thank you.”Was a ‘thank you’ from me that big a deal? The woman made me tea, for heaven’s sake.“Axia,” my mother said cautiously. “Romaine told me you’ve been like this since you arrived. Are you —”“Look, would you all just eat your damn dinner and stop worrying about me? I said I’m fine, okay?” I irritatedly snapped. Changing my direction, I started back out of the dining room. “People get ill every frigging day. I’m no exception just because I live a healthy life.”My initial intention was to head upstairs and lock myself in my room. But standing between the staircase and the living room, climbing the stairs suddenly seemed like a task that I wasn’t up for. And the plush, white daybed was beckoning.It didn’t matter that Vince and Eve were sitting on the sofa opposite, engaged in a heated conversation. All I could think about was how amazing my tired body would feel on the daybed’s plushness. So I dragged myself in that direction, setting the teacup down on the coffee table as I passed by it, disregarding the confused stares of Vince and Eve, and threw my body down on the daybed with a contented sigh.I was asleep before I was even awake.


XXIXFive days later …  Soft murmurings fluttered above my head, accompanied by a constant beeping sound. I wanted to open my eyes, but at the same time I wanted to stay asleep. Failing at forcing myself back to sleep, I reluctantly flicked my eyes open. The room I was in wasn’t mine. It was white, clinical, and smelled like bleach and old people. The bed I was lying on was stiff, narrow and uncomfortable.“Axia?” a familiar voice said.Turning my head to the left, I saw Trudy and Tish hovering over me, smiles brightening their faces. My eyes briefly left them and flitted around the room, as I came to the realization that I was in a hospital. How? Why?“What am I doing here?” I asked in confusion. “What happened?”“I’ll go let the nurse know you’re awake,” Tish said, scurrying from the room.Trudy took up my hand and kissed my fingers. She was in her gym wear, looking disheveled. “You fainted this morning while we were working out?”“What?”“You fainted,” she repeated. “You’ve been out for over four hours.”As I lifted a hand to rub my forehead, I noticed the IV drip connected to me. “I-I don’t know how … did the doctor say it’s serious?”“They gave us no information because we’re not family. The only reason we’re even in here is because Tish knows one of the nurses. I wanted to wait for at least twelve hours before calling your dad to give him a scare.”“Thanks for not calling him. He doesn’t do well with stuff like this. He’d worry himself to death.”Trudy kept my hand tightly grasped in hers. She was worried, but she knew better than to voice it. Panicky questions and worry phrases always tick me off. People tend to take life way too seriously. Things happen. To anyone. And all we can do is deal with the crap as they come. Then arm ourselves in preparation for the problem that’s tomorrow’s.A tall African-American doctor swept into the room with Tish following behind.“And she’s finally awake,” the doctor chirped, filling the air with cheer. “I’m your doctor Clarissa Munda. How are we doing, Miss Blacksille?”Now that’s the spirit. The optimism in her voice gave me hope that all would be well.“I’m fine. Just wanna know what caused me to be in this bed and when I can get the hell out.”Clarissa walked up to the beeping machine beside the bed and began conducting the usual crap process that doctors do, where they check and scribble on their clipboards with strings of “hmms”. So annoying.This might have been my first time in a hospital since birth. Growing up, our doctors came to us. Even now I had my own doctor, Marian, who I call whenever I have problems — which was seldom.Patience ran empty. “Are you gonna tell me what’s wrong with me or not?”She peered at me with a bright smile, then flicked her gaze over to Tish and Trudy in question.“They’re family. Just tell me.”Clarissa shrugged, then beamed at me. “You have nothing to worry about, dear. Results show that you are around seven weeks pregnant. Your sudden fainting was on account of low iron deficiency that rendered you anemic. This can easily be solved by a prescription of iron supplement —”“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did you just say pregnant? How?”She arched a brow at me. “Oh, Miss Blacksille, must I sit and illustrate to you how a woman gets pregnant?”Shooting upright in the bed, I glared. “Not like that. I mean, I’m on the injection. I can’t be pregnant.”Clarissa pursed her lips and tapped her clipboard. “Oh, but you are. I’m sure you know that contraceptives are not one hundred percent effective. Sometimes those little buggers weasel their way through that bulwark, Miss Blacksille.”“But-But wouldn’t I have known sooner, like four weeks in or something? Seven weeks?”“Well, it’s always different when you get impregnated while on contraceptive. Especially with the injection where there is no monthly bleeding, you can get pregnant and don’t even realize until you’re as far as three months in. Such has happened on numerous occasions.” She pinned me an accusing stare. “But I’m thinking you’ve been getting the symptoms and have been overlooking them.”Ignoring her, I tried to rip the IV drip from my hand.“Wait, wait, Miss Blacksille,” she said, rushing to take over the work of freeing me. “You don’t want to do an ultrasound?”“No,” I snapped. “I don’t care for it.”“And here I was thinking this was going to be good news,” Clarissa muttered, more to herself than to me. That would explain why she’d been so cheery.I cut my eyes over to Tish and Trudy, who both stood frozen and wide-eyed, seemingly more shocked than I was. “Tish, phone Marian. Let her know there’s an emergency. Give her my penthouse address and have her meet me there in an hour.”Tish nodded and left the room, while Trudy’s eyes bulged further, knowing what that meant. “Axia, you’re being impulsive. Think about —”“Piss off, Trudy. This is not your life, it’s mine.”I leaped off the bed when the nurse was finished with me and went to the bathroom to change out of the crumpled blue cape. When I returned, I took second note of Trudy’s gym wear. If she was here and not at work, then … “What was your reason for not turning in to work today, Trudy?”Trudy winced and lowered her gaze. “That you fainted…”“Dios mío, what part of ‘do not give out any information about me’ don’t you understand?!”“What was I to say? I reported to the manager of my floor that I can’t come in today because of an emergency. The next thing I know, he’s phoning me himself, demanding to know what’s so much of an ‘emergency’ that I can’t make it to work.” She gave me her famous ‘please forgive me’ expression. “Axia, you don’t understand, he’s been extremely hard on me of late. It’s actually a bit frightening. It’s like he has everything I do under close observation. This is what I was afraid of when I told you I didn’t like it that you two were —”“Whatever,” I dismissed.Tish popped back into the room. “Marian says she can be there in forty-five.”“Perfect.”Marian perched upright on the edge of my uncomfortable white sofa. Her middle-aged features were smooth with subtle make-up, her dark brown hair wrapped in a neat coiffure, and her slender frame was clothed in a sharp, charcoal pants suit. She pursed her lips, folded them, unfolded them, tapped the docket in her hand, brushed and patted her coiffure. I was sitting across from her, erect, hands folded on my lap.Soon she had no choice but to address the topic on hand. “Are you sure that’s what you want to do, Axia?”Before I could answer, she continued her speech of persuasion. “Most women take at least a week to think about such a decision. You’ve only found out less than an hour ago. Perhaps you could sleep on it and see if your view changes in the morning?”“My view won’t change, Marian. This baby doesn’t have a father and I’m not raising it on my own. Better yet, I don’t want a child. Anyone who knows me knows that much. What the hell am I going to do with a baby? This baby thing has never been in what I envisaged for my life. Let alone being a single parent? Hell. No.”Marian continued in the same vein as if she heard me not. “A decision like this may lead to profound guilt and remorse in the future. Strong enough to induce suicidal thoughts. Also, the harmful —”“I don’t want it!” I bellowed, my voice and composure finally crumbling as my eyes brimmed with tears.Marian sighed. “Axia, I think you’re just frightened and making this decision impetuously. I don’t know the graveness of the situation with the child’s father but —”“I don’t want it. I don’t want it. I don’t want it,” I repeated, slapping my palms over my ears and slinking down to the floor from the sofa. The mantra repeated in my head as a profusion of scorching hot tears gushed from my eyes, dampening a tiny area of my Persian rug. The words whirled around in my head then poured out of my mouth. I tried in vain to stop myself from saying them. “I don’t want it. I don’t want it.”I became vaguely aware of Marian crouching beside me, rubbing my shoulders. “It’s okay, Axia. Calm down. Breathe … breathe, Axia,” she crooned, trying to get me to stop my sputtering mantra and heavy heaving. “Breathe, Axia. I’m your doctor, and I’m here to fulfill your requests. I shouldn’t have tried to be your counselor, too … Breathe, sweetheart, breathe … shh … sit up.”It took her all of ten minutes to get me out of my inexplicable breakdown. Marian reclaimed her position across from me, withdrawing a pad from her briefcase. “Okay, there are various methods of —”“What’s the most expeditious and effective?”“Well, medical. I insert a drug inside you vaginally. The termination is usually completed within four to eight hours — in very rare cases it takes up to twenty-four hours — but you will bleed heavily for roughly two weeks.”“That one, then,” I muttered around the fingernail I was nibbling on.“Because you are so far along, I suggest we do this as soon as possible if you want to use that method,” Marian said as she scribbled on her pad. “Eight in the morning sound good?”I made a furious nod of my head.“Would you prefer to come by my office or do you rather I come here?”Glancing around the cold lifelessness of my penthouse, I suddenly felt lonelier than ever. I’d be sleeping at Crissida Cove tonight, for sure. I missed my home. And I missed Timo. “Your office sounds good.”Marian scribbled that last bit on her pad, then tapped it with her pen. Lifting her head, she looked straight at me and said, “You know, of all the years I’ve known you, Blacksille, I’ve never seen you vulnerable. You’re always so tough and sure and final. Seeing you like this now, it kind of scares me.” Shaking her head, she picked up her briefcase and stuffed her notepad inside. “When there’s something in your life subverting you, debilitating you, nibbling away your strength at every turn, you don’t run from it. Because then you’ve allowed that thing to be the victor. Have allowed yourself to be conquered. And who likes to face defeatism? What you should do is stand up and face it. Stand valiantly in the face of fear, speak to it in its own language and fight back. Let fear be afraid of you.” Marian stood to her feet and bore her eyes into me. “If there’s even a jot of Axia Blacksille left inside this stranger I don’t know, convey my message to her that the world misses her.”And with that, spine stiff, she stalked out of the house. Leaving me as the only patron at my pity party.“Are you done?”The question was directed at Marian, who’d been taking her precious little time in apprising me of the side effects I might face with this procedure.Because I’d spent the majority of my night sitting up in the middle of the bed crying, worrying and driving myself into insanity, I’d gotten next to no sleep and had made it to Marian’s office half an hour earlier than our agreed time.For heaven’s sake, I was pregnant.First of all, I had not even an inkling about being a mother. Motherhood wasn’t for me. Second, the father of the child was no longer a part of my life, and I sure as hell wasn’t about to go through the whole ‘lawyer and court’ craziness to discuss financial issues, who gets to spend whatever amount of time with the child and when. No way. Third, I’d known the man under six months. Even if we were still together, having a child at this stage would be utterly fatuous. Fourth, he might not even believe that the child is his. Or even accuse me of using this pregnancy crap as a ploy to get him back.”Inside my head was a horrible mess. It felt like a war zone with bombings and killings, dead bodies and inflamed debris littered everywhere. And with every explosion, a burst of tears gushed through my eye sockets. Yes, it was as loud as hell in there. So each time someone like Marian tried to persuade me from what my mind was set on, all I could do was shout at them, because their nagging voice only added to the chaos of the battlefield in my mind.“Um, yeah. That’s it,” Marian said through a resigning sigh. It was evident she’d been hoping I’d have a different view this morning. “I guess we should get started, then. Come with me.”She stood up from around her desk and led me into a room painted in pale green. Clinical, with stainless steel furniture crowded with a variety of scary-looking apparatuses. Frightening charts of sores and various kinds of diseases were pasted on the walls. Doctors’ offices are seriously creepy.Marian pulled a white roll of paper over the narrow leather-covered bed, inclining the bed to her desire. Opening one of her stainless steel drawers, she retrieved one of those papery blue gowns and turned to me. “Here, change into this, then lie on the bed over there.”When I took it and nodded, she walked towards the door. “I’ll give you a few minutes.”A few damn minutes for what? Why this woman kept drawing out the process was beyond me. I’m not going to change my mind, I mentally yelled after her as she slipped through the door.Gripping the gown, I trudged up to a square mirror on the wall opposite and stared back at the pale, bloodshot-eyed, frightened and craven woman who I didn’t recognize. There’s much to be said about being a bitch. Bitches like me did whatever they wanted, whenever they wanted, however they wanted, without a care for anyone else. They regarded their own opinions and disregarded those of others. Friends’, family’s and associates’ opinions held no value or effect. This they knew, so they tended to keep their opinions to themselves. Because bitches like me jumped the deliberating process and acted instead.That’s how I’ve always lived my life. Moratoriums and second guesses only leave room for remorse and disasters. I acted on instant. Drank my tea when it’s steaming hot. So in the end, all that can be said is, “what’s done is done”, then move on, geared and prepared to slay new obstacles.The more I thought about this, the scarier it got, the harder I cried, and the more I felt. Which is why all I wanted to do was get this shit over with. There was no room for a baby in my life right now, and the sooner I trampled this obstacle, the sooner I could move on with my life.I nimbly undid my shirt buttons and was just reaching for the zipper of my jeans, when I heard Marion shriek. “Listen, you can’t just barge in here like —”“I don’t give a shit! That’s my child. No one sought my permission on this!”At the unmistakable voice, my body went rigid. Holy shit! What’s he doing here? And how the hell did he know?“Decisions like these don’t require the permission of the —” Marian squealed as a loud scraping of furniture sounded, followed by a clamor of tumbling paraphernalia.The door burst open and I spun around on a gasp, backing up against the wall and clutching the papery gown to my chest.Lovello Nelson stood like a Big Bad Wolf in the doorway, the tall build of a man that he was. Disheveled and shuffled, his suit jacket was missing, his tie loose around his neck, and his white shirtsleeves folded up to his elbows. Just short of steam blowing from his ears, his face was as red as beetroot, his nostrils flaring, his formidable chest heaving high then slamming heavily back down. This was one angry chunk of a man.“How dare you, Axia,” he gritted out. “How. Dare. You.”Seeing him standing before me like this, so gloriously beautiful — albeit trenchantly irate — added lust to my already complex amalgam of emotions. Making me more of a wreck inside and leaving me speechless. I silently sent an invocation to the Father above, begging him to make the wall behind me open up and swallow me whole. Pinching my eyes shut, I counted to ten and waited for the miracle to happen, but when I opened them again, Lovello was still standing there in the doorway.Darn it. Thanks a lot, Big Guy.Lovello took three firm strides to close the distance between us. Ripping the gown from my hands, he tossed it to the floor and began redoing my shirt buttons. I kept my left hand pressed to the upper side of my shirt so that the tattoo wouldn’t show.“You’re coming with me,” he said in a tone that left no room for rejoinders.But I would not be dominated. The strength to slap his hand away came, somehow, with a resounding, “No.”Lovello cocked his head to the side with a perfectly arched brow, his penetrating gaze conflagrant. “How typical of you, Axia, to think you have a say in the matter.”“Yes, I do! It’s my body and —” the rest of the sentence was forced back down my throat when Lovello suddenly gripped my face, squeezing my jaws so painfully hard that I couldn’t speak.He bent at the waist so his eyes were level with mine. “No, you don’t have a say. You have a Nelson growing inside you. Nelsons are too prized a gene to be aborted, you silly, silly girl. Now grab your stuff. You’re coming with me.”I gave a garbled, incomprehensible version of “I’m not going anywhere with you.”Releasing his grip on my face, Lovello sighed and slowly straightened up. He swept his gaze around the room, his eyes landing on every item. Then in the next second, I was being tossed over his shoulder in one easy move. He stalked over to the chair where I’d left my handbag, snatched it up and marched with me out of the room, breezing past an aghast Marian and straight out of the doors.“Put me down, you odious man!” I yelled, pounding my fists on his back. “Put me down!”But the detestable man ignored me, marching purposefully with me out of the building. As he descended the steps outside, I spied a wide-eyed Tish pacing on the sidewalk next to Lovello’s Bugatti. She was all but trembling, no doubt worried about the repercussions of what she’d done.“Of all people, not you, Tish!” I barked at her from upside-down Lovello’s high shoulder. “I would’ve expected this from Trudy. Not you!”Tish opened her beak to defend herself, but she was angrily shoved out of the way and I was being stuffed into the passenger side of the car. “You try to get out of this car, Axia, and I swear I’ll make today the worst day of your life … Or the last day of your life,” Lovello threatened. He slammed the door and rounded to the driver’s side, then stopped to glare at Tish. “Get in the goddamn car, Tish.”“B-but where? It can only fit two people.”Lovello regarded his Bugatti Veyron as if he’d never before considered this. “Squeeze in next to Axia. Her ass isn’t that big.”When Tish hesitated, he grabbed her arm and hauled her around to the passenger side, stuffing her in next to me. Then folded his tall frame into the car and sped off like a madman down the main.Tish awkwardly turned to me. “Axia, I’m so sorry. But I’m not the one who told him. He just came to the gym and demanded to know where your doctor’s office was. He already kn —”“Tish, when you get back to the gym, you will cancel all Axia’s classes,” Lovello authorized, chopping through Tish’s apology. “Let her clients know that she’s physically unstable to instruct any classes for … a while. I suggest shopping for a new instructor to take over her classes.”Tish raised her brows at me, not knowing how to respond to the man’s commands. But all I could do was remain as immobile as I’d been since he stuffed me into the car with his threat. Everything was happening so fast, it’s like I was having an out-of-body experience.“Don’t be looking at Axia for approval, Tish!” Lovello barked, as he swerved around a corner. “Listen to me, because I’m the one you’ll be reporting to. You’re now the manager of PSFC. If you think you need an assistant, then get one. For the next couple of months, you won’t be reporting anything to Axia about the gym. You report to me, okay? All problems, financially, mechanically or otherwise come to me. Understand?”When Tish merely stared at him, dumbfounded, Lovello turned his head to cripple her with his glower. “Understand, Tish?”“Y-yes,” she stammered.“Yes what?”“Um, yes I understand. I’m now the m-manager and I report to you.”She avoided my eyes, wringing her fingers in her lap, uneasiness radiating off her.“Are you afraid of this punk, Tish?” I asked in disbelief. “You don’t have to take his shit, you know. If he manhandles you like that again, you call the cops so they can teach his ass —”“Shut the hell up, Axia,” Lovello hissed, as he pulled up to the curb of PSFC.“Don’t you dare tell me to shut up, you arrogant, domineering —”“Shut. Up. Axia!” he bellowed, making me jump. That shut me up. “I don’t even want to hear you breathe right now.”Tish hurriedly clambered from the car and scurried off into the gym. Lovello blew a steaming breath and gassed off down the street. An angry vein bulged prominently on his temple. He was pissed. Crazy, crazy pissed. Did he hate me even more now? He had never before been this overseeing or dictatorial. And it was somewhat frightening. But if his rage was induced by hate for me and love for his child, then that would be saddening. I wanted him to be in love with me.With the stretching silence between us, I became aware that music was playing in the car. The yelling and tension seemed to have drowned out the sound earlier. But now the words were floating around the confinements of the car and I recognized it as Chris Brown’s All Back, a song that I’d grown to love over the past few weeks. Ever since Nicole had told me that Lovello only listened to that particular song, I’d searched it up on YouTube and, just like that, it’d become one of my favorites.The familiar words made me relax a bit. I sat back and tilted my head against the window, watching the cars that flew by and singing along to the words of the song. Clearly not liking that I was singing his song or maybe the feelings it might have evoked, Lovello furiously punched a button and switched it to another song called Deuces by the same singer.Only halfway through, and the song began to rile me with all its harsh and insensitive words. I leaned forward and tried to switch it, but it only kept repeating instead. So I just punched the ‘pause’ button to shut the damn thing up, then huffed back in my seat.Hearing a stifled sound from Lovello, I turned to glower at him and found that he was biting down on his lower lip, suppressing a laugh.Asshole.Snatching my cellphone from my handbag, I dialed Trudy, but it only rang out. That was all I needed to know that she’s the one who told him. Trudy was wont to ignore my calls whenever she knew she’d done me wrong.I navigated to Blackberry Messenger and sent her a message. Axia: How can you call yourself a friend, when you can’t even keep a secret?Trudy: I’m truly sorry, Axia. He was very scary. I didn’t just go to him and tell him. He already knew.Axia: What the hell’s that supposed to mean? How could he possibly know? I found out less than twenty-four hours ago.Trudy: Idk. He summoned me up to his office the minute I got to work. And when I went, all he said was, “confirm it”. I was gonna lie, but he threatened that if I lied to him, he’d drop my project. What was I to do?Trudy: Be a goddamn FRIEND!! That’s what you should’ve done. Trudy didn’t reply, which meant she was either angry at my selfishness or ashamed of her weakness. Lovello careened the car into his neighborhood, then punched in the pass code when he revved up to his residence, and drove down the cobblestoned driveway to his humongous home. Oh, how long it had been since I’d been to this place. For some strange reason, I felt like I was at home. As if this was where I belonged.Lovello parked at the front of the house and hopped out of the car, then stood waiting for me to get out, too. What did he expect? That he could just drag me off a doctor’s bed, bark off my head, bring me to his home and all would be well? That I’d comply with his every command? That I’d carry the child because he said so? How’s he even so sure that the child is his anyway? Better yet, how did he know I was pregnant? Tish and Trudy both denied being firsthand at relaying such information. No one else knew.“Get out of the car, Axia,” he ordered.I crossed my arms over my chest. “No. You won’t tell me what to do.”Frustrated, he ran his palm over his face. “Believe me, I don’t want to tell you what to do either. But I really don’t want to risk harming my baby by manhandling you. So just be a good little girl and get out of the car.”“How did you know?” I inquired.“Don’t worry about that. C’mon. Out of the car.”“No. Not until you tell me how you knew.”Lovello slammed his door and marched around to the passenger side, rending the door open. “Do you really want me to toss you over my shoulder again, Axia? What, you only respond to rough treatment?”Indolently, I picked at my fingernails like a bratty teenager, muttering, “Do what you will, Nelson. I’m not the one who wants the child. You’ll be doing me a favor by inducing a miscarriage.”Lovello blinked at me, a thin shade of vulnerability veiling him. Hurt flashed refulgently in his eyes. He was showing me everything. He wanted me to want the child as much as he did. He wanted me to be ecstatic and rhapsodic like most new mothers are.This is not a fairy tale, Pretty Boy. And I’m no golden-haired heroine. I’m a contemporary bitch, with a tough and contemporary kind of love. You should’ve thought about it before you got engaged in this love story. You don’t always get what you want. Deal with it.“Nicole told me,” he said.What? How could Nicole have known that? “I don’t understand. How could she possibly know that?”“A few weeks ago when I was in Dubai, she phoned me and told me she paid you a visit, and that you were puking all over the place. She said she thought — no, that she knew you were pregnant.” Lovello shrugged. “But she also told me you were sleeping with Trev, so I didn’t care much for her words.”That miscreant bitch. “So what made you believe?”Lovello heaved a sigh, obviously petulant that he had to be explaining shit to me. “When I saw you in L.A. you were abnormally pale and ill-looking. I mean, you were sleeping in a public place. A blind man could’ve been in your presence and tell that something was wrong, Axia. So I began calling your father to check up on you, thinking he might know and would hopefully confirm it. But he kept saying you were okay. My next prey was Trudy. I watched her closely. Any sketchy move, and I was on to her. Yesterday when she told me you fainted, I just knew. What I didn’t know was that you’d want to abort my … my child.”Despite being apart for shy two months, the man was so sure that the baby was his. “It’s not your child. It’s … Trev’s,” I lied.Lovello’s slate-grays turned glacial, all vulnerability gone. He pinched the bridge of his nose as he glanced around his yard. A fountain was right next to where he parked, springing water and creating that soothing waterfall sound. Mixtures of various birds’ chirps and tweets echoed around us, while the leaves of the shedding trees and plants whistled as the air hissed through them. It was very early in the morning, and chilly, despite the glaring sun in the sky. Such a beautiful morning with such horrendous acts taking place. Humans were destructive creatures. Without us, the earth would be one constant globe of beauty. Without humans ruining Mother Nature, she’d be ruling all. Responsible for all the earth’s beauty. To hell with us unappreciative, corruptive humans.Lovello suddenly grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the car. “Nice try, Axia. Trev wouldn’t sleep with you. He likes you too much.” Picking up my handbag, he added, “And even if it was Trev’s, it’s still a Nelson.”He kicked the car door shut and hauled me up the steps to his house, dragging me through the double doors. We were instantly greeted by Rosa in the foyer. “Good day, Mr. Nelson. Miss Blacksille.”Thrusting my handbag to her, Lovello ordered, “Rosa, prepare the quarter opposite yours and rehire Donna. Assign her to Miss Blacksille.”“Okay. Donna to stay in second quarter like me, and Miss Blacksille to live here?” Rosa asked in her heavy Spanish accent.“Yes. And…” He trailed off as he turned to me, yanked my hand to pull me up to him, then began sweeping his thumbs across my face, searching for God knows what. Right then, my senses grew alert and I almost moaned. I hated that I loved his touch so much. “Prepare some chicken soup for Miss Blacksille. Take it up to our room.”Our room?“Okay,” Rosa nodded. “Mr. Lenton present, sir. I give him key for guest house like you said.”“Good. Send him to my study in thirty.”Rosa nodded again and rolled off, and Lovello continued on, dragging me like a rag doll up the stairs.“Who’s Mr. Lenton?” I asked.He didn’t look at me when he said, “The security that’s going to make sure you never leave this house. At least not until you’re six months in.”“You can’t do that!” I protested, as he pulled me down the hall.“Oh, but I can, Miss Blacksille,” he drawled. “Medieval-style, baby. You don’t get to see the light of day until I’m positive that baby is safe.”“You can’t treat me like that! You don’t own me!”Lovello stopped his long strides and released his hold on me. Turning to face me, he tilted his head to the side. “I don’t?”“No. You don’t.”He took a step toward me, and I took one step back. Another step toward me, then I took another step back. This repeated until I was backed up against the wall, and there was nowhere else for me to go as he closed in on me. With one final step, he closed the gap, no air passing between us. I momentarily stopped breathing, my heart palpitating in my chest, goose bumps rising on my skin, my tongue drying and sticking to the roof of my mouth.He pressed his palms flat against the wall, caging me. And that was it. His nearness, his all-masculine scent, his hot, minty breath on my face, all sent excited arousals shooting to my core, soaking my panties. Lovello’s perfectly sculpted lips parted as he lowered his head and gently brushed them against mine. Not kissing me, but teasing me. I wanted to taste his tongue, oh how I wanted to taste his tongue.Back and forth, he only brushed his lips against mine, never giving me his tongue. When I couldn’t stand it any longer, I lifted my hands to wrap them around his neck and pull him down to me. But with agile movements, he grabbed my wrists and stopped me, tutting. “None of that, lady.”Bringing my hands above my head, he manacled them with one hand, then used his free hand to undo the button and zipper of my jeans. He dipped his hand inside my panties and slid his fingers through my slick, wet folds. The feel of his fingers on me again for the first time in almost two months was so euphoric that it almost brought me to tears.“Your mouth says one thing, but your body says something completely different,” he whispered against my ear. He withdrew his hand from my panties and popped two of his arousal-covered fingers in his mouth, smiling loutishly around them. “Whenever you become confused about who owns you, Axia, always remember the person who makes you both wet and dry at the same time.” He tapped two fingers against my mouth. “Dry up here…” Then lowered his hand and tapped two his fingers over my throbbing core. “ … And wet down here.”With a smug grin, he pushed away from the wall, grabbed my hand and continued down the hall to his room. The man got me all aroused just to leave me hanging? It felt like forever since I’d been touched like that.Opening the door to his majestic bedroom that I’d missed so much, he led me in and sat me down on the bed, then stood before me with his arms folded across his chest. “After getting something warm in your stomach, I want you to get some sleep. Your eyes are bloodshot and you are far too pale.”He paused, waiting for a protest, then continued when he heard none. “Call your doctor and have her do what she needs to do in making sure that you’re healthy and prescribing your prenatal vitamins. If you play fractious, Axia, you know I’ll simply get my own doctor assigned to you. After all that, I’ll take you in to do an ultrasound. But you’re never leaving this house without me, got that?”“You can’t treat me like a prisoner. I’ll call my father…”He couldn’t cage me up and treat me like that. I was a twenty-six–year-old woman, with my own business, my own life, my own millions. How dare he try to reprimand me like a hare-brained filly, all because of a bloody fetus inside me.Lovello shrugged. “Call him if it suits you. I’m pretty sure he won’t object to my actions once I tell him what you were doing. I’m quite aware of your father’s principles. I know he’s a religious, upstanding man who won’t support this kind of bullshit. And you don’t even want to let Marcello Nelson get a whiff of this news, sweetie. It wouldn’t be pretty. He can ruin you with just a wink of his eye. I’m sure you know that.” He crouched down to level his eyes with mine. “Just accept it, Axia: there’s no getting out of this pregnancy.”At those last words, sweat instantly stained my palms, and I rubbed them up and down my jeans-clad thighs. My heart began racing at the frightening realization that I was really going to carry a child. On their own, my legs started bouncing uncontrollably and my teeth were chattering so hard that my gum hurt. It suddenly felt really hard to breathe. Really hard. Then a spate of tears streamed down my face as my whole body started to shiver. I couldn’t control anything that was happening to my body. It was acting of its own volition.“Axia?” Lovello’s voice was an echoing sound. He sounded so far away, like he was in a tunnel. Waves of his one word crashed over my head.“Axia?” Panic striated his voice this time.I barely felt his touch as he wrapped his arms around my shivering body and lifted me up to lower me rightfully on the bed. “Breathe, beauts, breathe…”The tears kept flowing and my limbs kept trembling, as the words ‘I’m pregnant’ and, ‘I’m going to have a baby,’ rolled over and over in my head. Lovello climbed into the bed with me and pulled the duvet over both of us. He wrapped his warm body around me like an ivy, cradling me to him. “Shh … breathe, beauts…” he soothed.After a few passing minutes, the shivering abated, and the rapid palpitation of my heart subdued. But the tears deluged all the more, accompanied by sharp hiccups and heaves. “I-I-I’m scared, Love.”Those were words I never used. Though there were quite a few things that scared me, getting me to admit it was never a probability. ‘I’m scared’. ‘I don’t know what to do’. ‘Help me.’ They were all things I never said. Ever.Now all it took was a latent Nelson to demolish me. Mentally, physically, emotionally, I was deteriorating. And I was frightened to death because there was nothing I could to sustain myself. My strength was non-existent.“Don’t be, beauts,” Lovello whispered. “It’ll be okay. I’ll take care of you. For the rest of my life. I’ll take care of you.”


XXXWhen I woke up the room was dark, indicating that night had fallen. Like a caterpillar, my body was wrapped up in a thick duvet, while the air-conditioner was on full blast. I looked to the open doorway and saw Lovello’s silhouetted frame leaning against the door jamb with his arms folded across his chest — at least, I thought I did. Because when I murmured a “hey” through a yawn as I rubbed my bleary eyes, the silhouetted frame vanished. Maybe he was never really there?Feeling starved as if I could eat a cow, I unwrapped myself from the duvet and climbed out of bed, deciding to grab a quick shower first. I would most likely have to don one of Lovello’s T-shirts and boxers since I no longer had any of my stuff here.There was a glass of orange juice with garnish sitting on the nightstand and, not caring if it was left there for me or not, I guzzled it down. It only served to aggrandize my already gargantuan appetite.That power-sleep was much-needed and much-deserved. I felt rested and a bit clear-headed, and somewhat giddy about the fact that Lovello and I were kind of getting back on track. Maybe that’s what’s giving me an appetite again? Making me feel energized, rejuvenated and ready to love him ten times harder than before?Yes, I loved him. With all my heart. And for the first time since I found out I was pregnant, I felt good about it. I think it was because of Lovello’s eagerness for me to carry this child. How badly he wanted it. There’s something about a man not being afraid of responsibilities that magnifies their sexiness. Some men would’ve caught a stroke at the news of pregnancy in a relationship as short as ours. Especially when they thought they were playing safe.Then there were the men who would don their running shoes and sprint to the other end of the earth faster than Usain Bolt, leaving a woman to raise a child on her own. What the heck do they have to be afraid of? They’re not the ones who’re going to suffer sickness and shit for nine long months. They’re not the ones who’ll grow out of shape, get stretch marks and deflated boobs. They’re not the ones who’re going to have a baby’s big-ass head forcing its way through their pleasure source. What the hell are they running from?What, exactly, do men fear about being a father? A woman has every right to fear, to run from all this, to scream bloody murder, because all the burden is laid on her, while men are still allowed to look ‘oh so fabulous’ and carry on with their charming awesomeness. All a woman needs from these dipshits is support and kind words, and a helping hand when the baby arrives. And they’re running from that?Assholes.So maybe it was knowing that I wouldn’t have to raise a child on my own anymore that gave me a lighter, more acceptable feeling about the situation? Or maybe it was because he’d said those words: “I’ll take care of you. For the rest of my life. I’ll take care of you.“A smile crept across my face. Yeah, it was most definitely because of those words. Impatient to jump under the rain-shower, I trundled to the en suite bathroom and stopped short when I saw my stuff. My robe, toothbrush and all my toiletries were all there.As the thought that he had kept my things came to mind, I dismissed it and continued on to the shower. He wouldn’t have done that. He hated me. He’d been screwing around with every skunk in a skirt, so he wouldn’t have kept my things around. I’m figuring he just found a way to get past Bill into Crissida Cove and got them. It would make sense, seeing that I was forbidden to leave this house.I hopped into the shower and turned my face up to the steaming water. Damn, I’ve missed this shower. Some fifteen minutes later I emerged from the shower fresh and thoroughly scoured. As I padded into the bedroom, Rosa knocked on the open door then popped her head in. “Miss Blacksille?”“You can call me Axia, Rosa,” I said, toweling my hair. “Come in.”“Mr. Nelson prefers formality,” Rosa smiled as she walked into the room. Her smile was always bright and genuine whenever she saw me, which told me she was fond of me. Maybe because we’re partially of the same kind. Because there weren’t many people who genuinely liked me. Many just tolerate me. Not because they want to, but because they have to. “I here to inform you dinner is ready. Do you prefer to eat here, or you eat downstairs? Mr. Nelson say you to eat here.”Rosa concentrated hard when she spoke, seemingly annoyed that her English wasn’t polished. And I wondered why Lovello didn’t allow her to speak in her tongue since he understood it.“Mr. Nelson can say whatever the hell he wants. Now he’s trying to confine me to the bedroom?” I shook my head. “I will be eating in the dining room where dinners are rightfully supposed to be eaten.”Rosa nodded and started out of the room.“Do you know if he went to get my things earlier?” I asked her as she was just out of the door. Surely, he must’ve brought clothes for me if he’d gotten my toiletries.Rosa’s brows furrowed. “No. Mr. Nelson been here all day, making sure you okay.” Her eyes studied my robe, then shifted to the closet, a small smile pulling at her plump lips. “Have you checked closets? Your things ever-present, Miss Blacksille. Never left. Never left.” She shook her head to emphasize and held her hand, palm up, in the direction of the closet. “Go see. Your things still there. Always there.”When I simply stared back at Rosa in disbelief, she twisted her lips to stifle her smile and rolled her big rump out of the room.Still in shock, I slowly moved towards the closet, eying the handles as if a monster would lurch out at any moment. Maybe Rosa was just messing with me, because I couldn’t fathom why Lovello would keep my shit. Wrapping my fingers around the handles of the closet doors, I took a deep breath and opened them. I’ll be damned …Lovello, indeed, had kept my stuff. Everything was there. Exactly as I’d left them. My clothes, shoes, handbags, cosmetics … everything. Something glistened on the vanity where my accessories and make-up kit were. As I neared the vanity and saw what it was, I couldn’t help smiling. It was his diamond-covered million dollar Chopard watch. There was a note sticking from its open box: “Hi again. I’ve missed your wrist. Wear me always, with pride, for I am yours.”Grinning like a toothless baby, I latched the watch around my wrist, plopped down on the stool in front of the vanity and began combing my hair. I was home. Lovello never hated me. He’d kept every piece of me with him. He knew we would be back together. Or had he just hoped for it? If that was the case, then he must’ve had some strong faith to even write that note.I was home. Everything suddenly felt right. Everything suddenly made sense again. Everything would be alright … Well, in the heat of the moment, that’s what I’d thought … I’d gotten dressed and journeyed downstairs, thinking that Lovello would be having dinner with me. But I was disappointed to learn that he was having dinner in his study, and had instructed his staff not to disturb him. That no one should. Being the rule-breaker that I was, I disregarded all orders and went to his study after dinner, but found that the door was locked. And when I knocked, he didn’t respond.After a few more tries of knocking to no avail, I gave up and went back to bed. Nausea was annoying me again, anyway.The next morning I woke up to find that I’d slept alone. Lovello never came to bed, nor was he anywhere in sight. It was only fifteen minutes to seven and he didn’t normally leave for work until eight.The day brightened and dimmed, and I still hadn’t seen him.Donna was there at my beck and call. I couldn’t even sneeze without being pounced upon with concerning questions. Marian had come by to do a few check-ups, and given me prenatal vitamins along with medication for my “panic attacks” and pregnancy-triggered anemia.The night blackened and the morning burst through, and I yet again woke up to no Lovello.For the next couple of days that was how things played. No Lovello, nowhere. The thing was I could never tell if he was home or not, because the place was so damn huge he could be at the other wing of the house and I wouldn’t know. Not to mention that I spent the majority of my time puking like a newborn, eating like a horse and sleeping like an Olympian.Huge be the house or sick be me, however, it was obvious even to the blind that Lovello was avoiding me. And it was disheartening. It hurt … so much.I’d thought things were good between us. At least, the last couple of words we exchanged gave the illusion that things were good between us. Maybe he’d been so frightened during my panic attack that he’d merely succumbed to being temporarily nice to me in the hope that I’d feel better? Yes, his words had been as smooth as olive oil, and I’d found comfort and promise in them.He’d promised me he would take care of me. Yet, I’d been locked in his house an entire week without so much as a text message from him. He’d referred to the bedroom as ‘our room’. Yet, I was the only one who slept in it. I couldn’t fathom his behavior and why he was being so temperamental. I’d finally come to terms with the whole pregnancy thing, and all of a sudden he just disappears on me? Oh, and if I made it ten feet to the front door, I’d be intercepted by this buff Mr. Lenton figure who always seemed to pop up from God knows where. I freakin’ was imprisoned! But with all the aid I could possibly need. Except from the one person I yearned.Was Lovello only keeping me here until I had the baby and then he’d just fuck off with me afterwards? Did he even come home at night or was he at his penthouse screwing around? If he didn’t want me, why the hell had he kept my stuff?For no reason, sometimes, I would just burst into tears. Because I couldn’t comprehend what was going on. I couldn’t identify with myself or my life. One minute I was Axia Blacksille, governing my own life. And the next minute I was a weak ass mouthpiece, taking shit from a man. All because of love. Love had screwed up life, my head, my heart.Love had a name, and I wanted to kill the fucker.The nausea didn’t help either. Nausea has got to be the worst goddamn feeling on earth. I never know if I should stand, walk or run. Eat or puke, sleep or stay awake. I had zero interest in anything at all, except for an insane sex drive that never gets quenched. I alternated between not wanting to see any type of food and wanting to eat every eatable thing my eyes landed on. If I saw something edible advertising on television and even mumbled that I felt like it, best believe me that I’d be getting it before the day’s end. Which made me wonder at times if there was a microchip unknowingly placed inside of me or something, because I couldn’t understand how these people heard when I even murmured a need.Sometimes I could swear I heard the barking of a puppy coming from the left wing of the house. I deemed it as my imagination, though, because I knew Lovello hated pets.Trudy’s project was taking off perfectly, which made her too busy to talk each time I phoned her. So I’d refrained and began phoning Tish instead to secretly keep abreast of how my gym was doing. It was doing excellently. But she, too, was busier than ever. It was just my life that had slowed right down, while everyone else’s was throttling at full speed. Not like I could’ve been doing anything anyway, seeing that I spent around seventy percent of my days sleeping. In my new state, sleep was nothing I could control, I couldn’t choose when to sleep. Sleep descended on me whenever it felt like, at anytime, all the time. One evening I felt miserable, torpid, joint-locked. My body, pre-pregnancy, wasn’t used to sitting on its ass doing nothing, and I guess it was rebelling. My body, pre-pregnancy, was overactive and got more exercise each day than was healthy. And now it was nothing but a source to bring about a new life; eating, sleeping, puking. Eating, sleeping, puking. It was exhausting. I wasn’t even three months in and I was ready for it all to be over.A walk on the treadmill seemed safe enough. So I jaunted down to the basement gym and stopped for a second when I heard music pouring from the room. As I continued down to the room, I heard Lovello’s voice crowing along to Trey Songz’s Heart Attack, with intermittent grunts. So he was home, then.With his eyes closed, he was lying supine on the bench, pressing weights and grunting the words of the song when his breathing allowed him to. And with each lift of the weights, his muscles tightened in definition then flexed in a boastful dance. His skin was glistening under his sweat, his veins bulging in all the strained areas, his overgrown hair sticking to his forehead … Jesus … I missed this man.A gush of wetness shot to my core as I set my water bottle aside and quietly walked over to the bench. I dropped down on my knees between his legs that were parted on either side of the bench. Sweeping my tongue across my lips, I tentatively ran a possessive hand over my most favorite part of his body. It wasn’t awake yet, but it would soon be.Then came a loud clang as Lovello slammed down the weights and opened his eyes. The question “When the hell did you get in here?” flashed across his face, but I focused my attention on the thing that had once been a close companion of mine. The same thing that got me into this sickly position. Pulling down the waist of his gym shorts to expose him, I wrapped my fingers around his dick that was hardening with each passing second.Lovello took a breath before saying, “Axia, what’re you doing? Stop.”“Why?” I asked back, stroking my hand up and down his length without looking at him. I didn’t think it was possible for me to look into those eyes again without feeling pain.“Because I don’t want you … to.”My heart stopped beating for a brief moment as I tried to decipher if he was saying he didn’t want me, or he didn’t want me to touch him like this. I paused and found the courage to flick my eyes up to his, searching for an answer. But his slate-grays only stared back at me with impassivity. Shrugging it off, I brought my attention back to his now steel-hard cock and grasped him tight, then slowly licked my tongue around his head.Lovello made a loud sigh as pre-cum sprouted from his tip. “Stop, Axia. What do you want from me?”I answered in truth, “Everything … and nothing.” Then I took him wholly in my mouth, taking pleasure in his sharp intake of breath. Up and down his thick length my lips glided, punctuating with fancy swirls of my tongue around his head, sucking him hard, and then soft, squeezing him, then teasing him, keeping his orgasm at bay until I was ready to quench my undying thirst.By this time, his head was tossed back and his hands were gripping the sides of the bench. His legs shifted restlessly as his moans graduated to groans, his groans to grunts, his grunts to growls. And I was loving it. I released my grip from the base of his cock where I’d been squeezing him to stymie his orgasm. Ready to slake that unquenchable thirst of mine, I began pumping him hard while my mouth sucked on his head.“Ahhh … to hell with you, Axia,” he growled, as his hands found my hair and gripped. He was on the brink. I could feel him growing rigid. Swelling. Ready to blow. “Axia, stop … I’m gonna … Jesus…”His hands left my hair to push at my shoulders, trying to shove me off. But I wanted to drink him like a frickin’ smoothie, so I knocked his hands away and pushed him to the back of my throat. Lovello’s hips jolted forward as a string of incomprehensible words flew from him. He grabbed my left hand and sunk his teeth into my palm just as the first flow of warm saltiness squirted down my throat.I milked him.All of him.And swallowed him.All of him.Then, when he was empty, I tucked his semi-hardness back inside his shorts and sat back on my heels.Lovello’s eyes remained closed as he slowly descended back to earth. The man was just so … beautiful. So sexy. So male. And I loved him. To pieces. I loved him.When he opened his eyes, nothing had changed. They were still impassive. They still didn’t want me. They were glaring at me with such coldness. I couldn’t understand. I thought he said he’d take care of me. I thought he still wanted me. He’d called me ‘beauts’. And he only called me ‘beauts’ when he was really into me. But all I saw in his eyes now was … hate? It’s as if he wanted to see me like this. Hurt. Belittled. Begging for him. Needing him more than my next breath. It’s as if he wanted to break me.Without an utterance, he swung his leg over the bench, grabbed his towel, tossed it around his neck and started towards the stairs. Tears sprang to my eyes as if I’d been sniffing onions. This treatment from him had now become unbearable. It wasn’t about the pregnancy anymore. It was about me wanting him with every fiber of my being, and him not wanting me at all.“Love…” I called after him. He kept on walking as if he hadn’t heard me. “Love,” I repeated. And again, he ignored me. “Lovello Tyler Nelson!”“What?!” he yelled, whirling around to face me with anger burning in his eyes. They seemed a bit glossy, but it could be the glossiness of my own eyes deceiving me.“Why are you treating me like —”“Because I love you!” he barked. His veins stood rigid along his neck, his face flushed red. “I love you so damn much and I don’t want to. You. Hurt. Me! You humiliated me. In front of my family, my friends, my staff … Jesus, Axia.” He roughly ran a hand through his hair. “I wanted to hurt you. I wanted to hurt you back in every way I could. I fucked Netta because I knew you were jealous of her. I fucked Nicole because you were jealous of her, too. I fucked both the McKel sisters over and over and over again, Axia. All the while telling myself that I was hurting you back. Even though you couldn’t see, I still felt like I was hurting you back.”Lovello hurled his water bottle at the wall, looking like a ticked-off bull who just got his horns pulled. An angry Lovello was seldom. And I was beginning to think I was responsible for this enraged, foul-mouthed, insensitive person he was slowly becoming. “I want to hate you. To not love you anymore. I want to move on from you. But I know that’s never going to happen. Because you are mine. Made for me. From my rib. Without you, I feel like I’m goddamn suffocating. Nothing in this flippin’ world makes sense when I’m not with you.” A bitter laugh climbed up his throat. “So, I’m just gonna have to live with it. I’m just gonna have to sink my teeth into your serpent’s apple and live with the punishments for being led and ensnared into your sinful but oh so wonderful web. I’m just gonna have to live with the cold, heartless bitch that you are. Because you are mine and I am yours. I am yours, Axia. No one else can satisfy me, but you. Since I first experienced your touch, your kiss, your love, I knew that no one else would ever do. Just you. Only you.”He made slow, calm strides toward me as I stared up at him, stunned speechless. Stooping to my level, he looked me dead in the eyes. “But I want you hurt. I want you pained. I want you to feel what I felt. That harrowing pain I’m yet to recover from, my heartless bitch.”Unable to look at the sinister of a man that he’d become, I started to lower my head, but he gripped my chin and forced me to look back at him. “Start feeling pained yet? Whenever you start hurting and it becomes too much to bear, so much that you feel like hurling your ass off a bridge, let me know. Let me know that you’re hurt. That you hate the person you are inside. Because that’s when I’ll start loving you how you should be loved. For that’s the one thing I can’t not do. Love you.”With that, he stood up and started out of the basement again. But as he reached the stairs, I heard the barking of that puppy I’d been hearing all week, along with the sound of small paws hitting on laminate steps. As the barking got nearer, the puppy sounded more and more like … Timo?I sat up straight in curiosity, then shot up to my knees when the puppy bounded down the stairs and I saw that it was indeed Timo. So the barking that I’d been hearing all week was actually real. Timo had been here all along. But why hadn’t Lovello let me see him? How did he even get Ally to hand him over?Timo gamboled around Lovello’s legs, whining and wagging his tail as he’s wont to do whenever he wants to be petted.“Timo!” I yelled, slapping my thighs for him to come to me. But my own puppy merely glanced in my direction, then redirected his attention back to Lovello.I felt like wailing. Timo. My own dog of five years wouldn’t even acknowledge me.A complacent smile slipped onto Lovello’s face as he bent at the waist to lift Timo in his hands, rubbing his favorite spot between his ears and mumbling, “You hungry, boy? Let’s go get you some food.”“You’ve turned my own puppy against me? He didn’t even like you.” My voice was a hoarse whisper.Lovello gave me a shit-eating grin and raised his brow. “Me? You did that all on your own.”Bringing Timo’s face up to his, he brushed their noses as Timo licked his face. The guy wasn’t even a pet person! He never liked Timo and Timo never liked him. So what the hell was all this now? Did he want to hurt me that bad that he would go to this length?“Look at him,” the pretentious ass crooned. “He’s so cute. How could you just give him up like that? Your own puppy … your own child. Just like that, you threw him down the drain without a care in the world. A life that belongs to you, that loves you so much. How could you?”As he said this, his voice had grown cold, and I knew he was no longer talking about Timo, but about his child that I’d attempted to abort. “Oh, I know. It’s because you’re a bitch. With an insensitive heart that values the lives and opinions of no one but your own.” Turning Timo to face me, he said to him, “See that dark-haired, cat-eyed beauty over there? That’s our bitch. And she has a very, very black heart.”Letting out an acerbic laugh, he mounted the stairs, making a show of petting Timo and leaving me feeling one hundred times worse than I’d felt before I came down here.Then I remembered his words a few months back when I’d tried to break up with him:I can be the sweetest guy on earth for you — every woman’s dream. I can also be cruel, controlling, reckless and insensitive — every woman’s worst nightmare. And I can be both in one — a neat little combo. So take your pick of me, Axia: rare, medium rare, or well done?I now know never to make light of his words. Because I think I’ve tasted all three of him.


XXXIFor the next couple of days, Lovello dutifully avoided me. The most annoying part was not knowing where the hell he was. Was he out sleeping with other women? Was he working late? Did he sleep at the penthouse or at home? Would this protracted separation dissolve his love for me? Those were just a few of the numerous questions that raided my mind each day as I wandered worthlessly around his courtly house.Lovello was being cold and mean and, well, he had every right to be. He had never done me wrong. I was led to believe he had, but in the end he’d been innocent. And none of my acts were. If I’d simply confronted him about the photos, then this whole debacle could have been avoided. But then, that was just me. Displaying any form of vulnerability or spinelessness wasn’t a proclivity of mine. And as a result, I’d gone ahead and handled the situation in my own selfish way and ended up hurting the one I loved.Last night I phoned my father to inform him of my status — as up until then, I’d never come to terms with the idea of being a mother to start spreading the news yet. I’d been sure to omit the bits about the attempted abortion, because that would only serve to infuriate him. He was predictably ebullient about the news, more overjoyed than he’d sounded in a long while.More than anything else, my father had always wanted me to start having a ‘real life’. You know, the whole get married, have kids and start a family crap. Ugh, just thinking about it made me nauseous.Seleste, my mother, wasn’t so receptive to the news, though. She knew motherhood had never been in my life plans, and she was worried about how I was handling it all. These were the times when I adored my mother, because only Seleste understood my disposition and decisions.It was when I emerged from the shower one evening and stopped by the full-length mirror to take in my weight-gaining body which I’d grown disgusted with that I realized this pregnancy was more real than raw diamond straight out of Africa’s tawny earth. My impeccable abs were still impeccable — sweet — but now there was a slight raise where my abs narrowed into a defined V-like shape. It was now warped into a wobbly O. I’d worked freaking hard to get those! Only men were successful with those lower abs, and now mine were warped.Gently resting my palm over the raised area, tears welled up in my eyes. Again. I swear, I’d cried so much those passing weeks, it was a miracle my body still retained liquid. My ass was really going to be a mother.As if my breasts weren’t perky enough, now they were porn-star style. Swollen and shooting firm in attention. My body was changing and I didn’t think I was ready for that. I didn’t want to get fat and ugly with ginormous boobs — that would eventually sag like a leaking water balloon after the baby — and I didn’t want stretch marks, swollen feet and an engorged nose. Eating healthily wasn’t even probable anymore, because every godforsaken thing I saw I wanted it. Just like a young baby that creeps around and shoves everything in its mouth, so I wanted to stuff every edible thing in my mouth. Whoever said being pregnant was fun downright lied.Deciding to enjoy my body while it was still in tact, I slipped on a lace underwear and tie-front lingerie. It was only 7:32pm, but since Lovello paid no attention to me anymore, when I finished eating dinner at this time each evening I usually just grabbed a shower and headed straight to bed. There was no point traipsing around in the hope that I’d see him or that he’d talk to me. Not even Timo was in sight. Sometimes I could hear his barking, and sometimes nothing. So, inuring to imprisonment, I spent all my given hours in the bedroom, chatting with Trudy or Seleste whenever time allowed them to.Just as I was pulling back the duvet to climb into bed, I heard male shouting downstairs. Most likely Lovello roughing up one of his workers again, I thought. But then I recognized Trevillo’s voice and knew it was definitely a brothers’ fight. Damn, I hadn’t seen or heard from Trevillo in weeks. Finally, someone I could talk to in the flesh. Excited to see my friend, I dragged on a red silk robe then sallied from the bedroom and started downstairs.Trevillo stood in the foyer glowering at Lovello. “Call it off, Love.”Lovello was leaning casually against the wall at the end of the stairs, with one leg propped up and his arms folded across his chest as he flashed a sinister-like smile back at his brother. In a black, sleeveless T-shirt and black lounge pants, with his inky-dark hair looking as if he’d just rolled out of bed, Lovello was sexy, gorgeous, tempting and exactly what I didn’t want to see right now. Each time I saw him, after not seeing him for long periods of time, that was when it hurt. That’s when it pained. That’s when I felt what he wanted me to feel. I loved him. I wanted him. I needed him so much. But here I was, living in his home, so close, but so, so far away. The avoidance was supposed to make me forget about him at least, but it only intensified my love for him. With every rare glimpse of him that I stole, I fell in love with him all over again.The cold floor reminded me that I’d forgotten to put on my bed slippers, but I was too excited to see Trevillo to turn back.His gaze caught me as I went down the stairs, and something warm flitted across his face before he smiled. I ran the rest of the way down, passing a scowling Lovello, and leaped into his arms. “Trev!”Trevillo’s eyes widened at my enthusiasm to see him, then he grinned and hugged me back. “Whoa, there. You’re as chirpy as a bird that’s been freed from its cage. Who the fuck is this Axia? I’ve never met her before.”Pulling from the hug, I thumped his shoulder. “Whatever. I guess that’s what happens when you’ve been forcefully locked away from the world.”His brows shot up, then he looked past me to his brother. I didn’t bother turning around to see what Lovello’s expression might be. Trevillo flicked his eyes back to me. His gaze roved over my face, down my body, then back in Lovello’s direction. “Are you hurting her, asshole?”Lovello scoffed. “Listen up, brother o’ mine, that woman in front of you is my woman. The mother of my unborn child. What goes on between us doesn’t have shit to do with you. And you, Axia,” he said, which made me turn around to face his unreadable glare. “Where’s your bed slippers? The floor’s cold as ice and you’re walking around barefooted. Are you out of your mind?”Before I could answer back, he bellowed for Donna and ordered her to fetch my bed slippers.While I scowled at his patronizing tone, Trevillo ignored him and addressed me. “If he’s deliberately hurting you, Axia, you tell me, okay? He likes revenge and can be deviously spiteful. Whenever he decides to be an asshole, trust me, he’s an asshole. But you don’t have to take his shit, baby on the way or not.”Feeling awkward in this situation, especially knowing that Trevillo was ignorant of the happenings around this whole pregnancy thing, and that I indeed deserved Lovello’s treatment, I forced a smile on my face. “I’m okay, Trev. I’m home.“ And that was somewhat veracious.For a moment, he stared at me in distrust, daring me to break, then sighed and hugged me again. “If you say so.”“Are you done?” an irritated Lovello asked. “She needs sleep and you need to get the hell out of my house.”Trevillo turned to face his brother. “I’m not going anywhere until you agree to call it off. The dude’s a professional athlete and needs his arms and legs to make money. You know damn well that Natalio’s men are gonna break all four of his limbs, even if he orders them to only break two. I’m not saying he shouldn’t be punished, but you can’t use Natalio!”Lovello shrugged without a care in the world. “He shouldn’t have come threatening me. He’ll deserve whatever he gets.”My eyes darted between the two brothers, wondering what the hell was going on. “W-what’re you talking about?”Donna came at that moment with my bed slippers and I slid them on. Lovello shot his brother a quelling stare but Trevillo ignored him and told me, “Zane went by his office yesterday with threats because he can’t get a hold of you and heard, somehow, that you’re back with Love. And this turpitude set Natalio on him. Natalio.““Zane did what?” I asked incredulously. “Has he lost his mind?”“Ha!” Lovello exclaimed with a clap of his hands. “Same damn thing I wondered.”Whirling around, I found him with an ears-wide grin. “That still doesn’t give you the right to get your murderous brother involved. Jeez. Where’s your heart these days?!”Lovello’s grin melted into seriousness, and his eyes burned into mine as he said, “You broke it.”My ears and cheeks burned, and I knew I was probably flushed fire-red. Averting my eyes from his searing ones, I lowered them and spoke to the floor. “You need to call off Natalio from whatever plan he has for Zane, Love. This can be dealt with in a different manner.”“Can we agree on that?” Trevillo asked him.Lovello remained quiet for an eternity, while I tried my best not to sway my eyes in his direction. “Yeah, whatever. I’ll call it off. Just wanted to teach the idiot a lesson. But you’re right, Natalio’s men wouldn’t know how to ‘teach him a lesson’ without crippling or killing him.”“Good,” Trevillo nodded. “Then I guess I’ll, um, leave you two now.” He turned to me. “Congratulations on your pregnancy, Axia. Amazed I never picked up on it. Mother phoned me with the news last week, but for some reason, whenever I try calling you, an operator keeps telling me that my calls to your number have been restricted.”“What? I never —”“Think we both know who did,” he chuckled, shifting his eyes in Lovello’s direction.“You need to leave now, Trev,” Lovello said, all pissy.Pretending not to hear his brother, Trevillo slipped an arm around my shoulders, walking me to the door and effectively turning our backs to Lovello. Leaning down, he whispered in my ear, “You know, there’s a part of that story in Genesis that you ignored.”He continued when my brows furrowed in question. “Well, yes, Eve was made from Adam’s rib. But she also made him sin, which means women initially had power over men. Men were the weaker sex. So God changed that. Making women pay the price. These are the words you never paid attention to: ‘I will sharpen the pain of your pregnancy, and in pain you will give birth. And you will desire to control your husband, but he will rule over you.’”Frowning, I bit my lip in thought. In truth, I’ve never paid attention to that section. Hell, I’d never paid attention to anything. All that I know of the Bible is what Lovello used to read to me. Oh, I miss those days. “So … what’re you saying?”“What I’m saying is…” He made a quick glance over his shoulder in Lovello’s direction, then leaned closer to my ear. “You should submit.”As I started to shake my head in refusal, he sighed and said, “He’s friggin’ crazy in love with you, Axia. There’s nothing but happiness that will come from your submission to him. Assume your rightful role as the woman in the relationship. You’ve hurt him too many times, and that has left him distrustful of you. He needs to feel like he’s in control of this relationship. If he doesn’t feel that way, then neither of you will be happy and this relationship will go nowhere. So, just give it to him. You won’t regret it.”I exhaled a heavy breath. That was something I couldn’t do, submit. Vince Blacksille along with Seleste D’costa-Blacksille’s blood was what streamed in my veins. Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t submit, because it wasn’t in my blood.“What the hell are you two whispering about so long?”Trevillo’s arm fell from around me as he grasped the door handle and opened the door. He turned around to address his brother. “Don’t hurt her again, Love. Or I swear I’ll —”“Burn my house down?”Trevillo twisted his lips as he tried to fight a laugh, knowing all too well that’s what he was about to say, and then he laughed out. “I’m serious, Love.”The tension was gone from Lovello’s voice when he spoke. “Brother, seriously, I think you hang out with Natalio way too much. Too many violent thoughts.”“Says the man who was about to have a famous athlete’s arms and legs amputated? Who’s more violent-minded, Bible Boy?”“Bible Boy?!” Lovello roared in laughter. “Now I think you’ve been hanging out with Axia way too much!”They were both cracking up with laughter and it was so infectious I couldn’t help grinning, too.They said their goodbyes in a more amicable manner, and I was glad they’d finally made up. They’d been in malice for too long. All because of me.Long after Trevillo had left and closed the door behind him, I stood staring at it. Too nervous to turn around and walk past Lovello back up to my room. And he wasn’t moving, he was still leaning against the wall at the end of the stairs. I could feel his eyes burning holes into my back.Taking a deep breath, I turned around and was sure to avoid his eyes as I walked by him and started up the stairs. Three steps up, and then I felt his fingers wrap around my wrist, stopping me. I looked back at him and was sorry I did. He was so damn beautiful. It was a rare beauty that one could never be immune to. His night-dark eyelashes were unnaturally long and slightly curled at the ends. His peach-colored lips were just right there, parted, and I wanted so badly to kiss them.He didn’t say anything as I waited on his reason for stopping me. He merely gazed up at me with eyes that revealed nothing. His thumb made small circles on my wrist as his eyes drifted over my face, then down my body. They stopped on my stomach area, and I heard him sigh, his eyes softening.Then, on a heavy breath, he dropped my hand as if it scorched him, and walked away from me. Drowning in confusion, I watched him as he took long strides in the direction of his study without a backward glance.For the first time in a long while, falling asleep was an unachievable task. I tossed and turned, puffed the pillows, watched television, listened to music, and sleep remained elusive. I was miserable. Unhappy. Unloved. Desperate.Trevillo’s suggestion that I submit to Lovello kept running laps through my head. But why should I assume that position? Lovello wasn’t all that innocent. He’d slept with dozens of women immediately after our break-up. I’d slept with no one. I hadn’t any inclination to do so either, because I was far too strung-up on him. Why couldn’t we just cancel things out with each of our wrongs and start over? Why did anyone have to submit? Why did anyone have to seek revenge on the other? Why couldn’t he just forgive me?With a frustrated grunt, I flipped over on my side again and glanced at the clock. It was almost ten. As Heather Headley’s soulful voice filled the room with her amazing He Is, my frustration began to subdue, but not enough for me to fall asleep. Growing thirsty, I clambered out of bed and slipped on my bed slippers, then headed down to the kitchen to grab a drink. The coldness of the house bit into my skin as I exited the room, reminding me that I hadn’t donned my robe. I continued anyway, knowing the house would be asleep by now.After downing a large glass of orange juice in the kitchen, I turned to head back upstairs but then I heard soft music flowing from down the hall where Lovello’s study was. Maybe he was up working late. On their own, my feet jaunted in that direction. I wanted to see him. Really wanted to see him. I didn’t know what I would say to him, but I just wanted to see his face before I went to bed. As I got closer, I identified the song as Deitrick Haddon’s I Need Your Help. Shaking my head, I thought about how contradictory the man was. One minute he was “chucking up the deuces”, and the next minute it’s gospel?The study door was left ajar, and I stood outside with my back against the wall, wondering if I should go in or not. I’d grown as spineless as a jellyfish since of late. It’s as if I’d already submitted and didn’t even realize it. I hadn’t been pugnacious or rebellious towards his treatment, and had allowed him to do whatever he thought he needed to do for vengeance. And that wasn’t me. The me that everyone knew.So had I not already ceded all my power to him? Wasn’t he already ‘ruling over me’? He had me locked up in his house, for Christ’s sake. What the hell more did he want from me? The masochistic part was, as much as he was hurting me, as much as I was pained, with all he was doing to spite me, and as exhausted as I was, I didn’t desire to be anywhere else. That’s the prime reason why I wasn’t fighting back. That’s why I’d traded in the bitchy Axia for some doormat girl I didn’t recognize. Any way I could have him, I wanted him. As long as I was with him.He said he loved me, and I believed him. And I needed nothing more than that confession to stay. Stay throughout his abrasive treatment. Stay throughout his torture. I just wanted to stay. I wanted to be nowhere else, with no one else. Because I was madly, crazily, insanely in love with Lovello Nelson. And I wanted to be in love with him. Always.After about five minutes of deliberating, I decided against going inside and turned to go back down the hall. Then the music stopped, and I heard Lovello’s voice call out, “What do you want, Axia?”How did he know I was … Were there cameras in the house? As I swiveled my head from side to side, searching for hidden cameras, I heard him say, “Yes, there are cameras in the house.”Well that’s something I was ignorant of. Were there cameras in the bedroom, too? Did he watch me daily? Dios, talk about being imprisoned and under surveillance.I turned back and pushed open the door to his study, leaning my shoulder against the door frame. “Hi.”Lovello was sitting bare-chested around his desk, his attention focused on his computer instead of me. This was the first time I’d ever been in his study. It was unnecessarily huge, painted a hunter-green and was decorated with dark-wood furniture and classic leather chairs. A portion of the wall on the right was covered in monitors that showed every crevice and corner of the house. Christ. He sure as hell was keeping a close eye on me.“What is it?”Ignoring his lackluster tone, I said, “You’re so hypocritical … and lukewarm. One minute you’re telling me ‘deuces’, arranging to have people’s limbs chopped off, and the next minute you’re meditating on gospel?”His eyes left the computer monitor and found mine. Though the lighting in the room was dim, I knew those eyes were glowering. “What I have with my God is not a religion, Axia. It’s a relationship. I’m not perfect and he knows it. He loves me and I love him. Sometimes I do things that piss him off, and he punishes me how he sees fit — majority of the time he just loves me anyway. I don’t live for people, because people can’t bless me, heal me, or give me shit. All they can do is talk. That’s all humans have at the end of the day: words. God’s the one with the power. So he’s the one I commune with. To hell with you and anyone else who thinks I’m lukewarm. God caters for the broken, not the perfect.”Me and my damn big mouth. I was only messing with him, but the guy seemed to find me so despicable that he had to blow something this simple out of proportion. There was nothing left for me to say to him without getting some acidic response, so I just told him the real truth. Told him what he wanted to know. I was submitting … “I’m hurt. I’m pained.”Lovello stared back at me standing bare and vulnerable in his doorway. Nothing came from his lips for a count of sixty seconds. “How bad?”“Bad enough to make me hate me … Bad enough to make me hate you.”His shoulders lifted in a careless shrug that belied the heat in his eyes. “You never did love me anyway, so…”Was he serious? I pushed away from the door frame and walked further into the room. “You don’t truly believe that, do you?”“If you were in love with me, you would’ve asked me if I cheated. Confront me. Confront Nicole. Demand to know the truth. Scream. Shout. Fight me. But you did none of those things, because you were always waiting for me to screw up so you could run right back to your ex. He’s the one you loved. Not me. You made that loud and clear earlier tonight, didn’t you? You begged for him. So don’t play the ‘I love you’ crap with me.”“You’re such an asshole! Fuck!” I exclaimed in disbelief. “How did I not see you for the major dick that you are before now? How had I overlooked it? How did I ever allow myself to fall in love with a fuck-faced asswipe like you?!”“Axia, please —”“I love you this much!!” I cried out, ripping my lingerie open and revealing my tattoo. “This fuckin’ much, assfuck! How insane I am!”Lovello sat up and leaned in closer, his eyes squinting. Then he reached for the switch of his table lamp which instantly filled the room with a bright yellow glow. Roiling with anger, I stood glaring at him as he got up from behind his desk and rounded to the front and sat on the edge. With his eyes still on my tattoo, he quietly whispered, “Come here.”The real me didn’t want to go anywhere. The real me wanted to curse him, cut him, kill him. But the new me willingly went ahead without a moment’s hesitation. The new me wanted nothing more than to be close to him. The new me had wholly and completely submitted. I stood before him, raw, open, passive, my hands dangling at my sides. My lingerie hung ripped and limp on my shoulders and my nipples hardened as the cool air whispered across them.Lovello hooked one finger in the front of my lace underwear and pulled me closer to him, his gaze transfixed on the tattoo. Lifting a hand, he gently trailed his fingers over the indelible letters of his name. His eyes swam with wonder … and love.Love had a name, and it was his.“When … when did you do this?”“Three weeks after our … break-up.”“But why?” His voice was lower than a whisper.Wasn’t it obvious? “I just told you: because I love you. I know, we were no longer together and I accepted that fact. But I wanted to keep you with me somehow. Knowing I’d never love anyone else as much as I love you. So I branded your name into me. Like slave owners branded their slaves. And those slaves, even long after they’ve been emancipated, were always reminded by that mark that they were once owned by someone. I wanted you to be permanent. I wanted to be reminded by this mark, for the rest of my life, that I was once owned by you … am still owned by you. Until my body rots to dust, these four letters will prove that I’m forever yours.”Lovello was lost for words. He looked torn, hurt, contrite. What now? “I didn’t…” He trailed off and ran a hand over his face. “I didn’t know. You had it all this time? I’m-I’m confused.” Bringing his hands to my shoulders, he pushed me back a few inches away from him. “If you loved me all this time as you say, enough to brand yourself with my name, then why, why would you try to get rid of my child? This is what I’ve been trying to figure out. Wouldn’t a child be just as permanent? More real? Wouldn’t having my baby be the best way to always have me in your life? Why would you try to abort it — me — then?”Was that question even answerable for me? There was no answer I could give that wouldn’t sound selfish. “I don’t know. Because I was confused? Because I was afraid? Because I’m a bitch?”A deep inhalation lifted his chest as he stared back at me, his eyes searching mine for God knows what. But whatever it was, I was praying he’d find it, because I was tired of all this. I just wanted things to go back to the way they were.“Yes. You are a bitch.” A slow smile spread across his face as he pulled back to him, his thighs on either side of me. “But you’re my bitch.”And then his lips crashed down on mine, and his tongue dipped inside, kissing me with ferocious hunger. A low moan muffled between our lips as I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him with equal fervor. It felt like a decade since I’d tasted this man. Touched this man. Felt this man. The fervency expressed in his kiss was heart-sobering, making me fall in love with him all over again. He still wanted me. He still loved me.Clasping my hips, he lifted me off the ground then spun around and gently laid me back on his desk, shoving his stationery in a jumbled heap to the floor. He removed the remains of my shredded lingerie and leered down at me with such heat, I felt scorched. Scorched by his gaze. Scorched by his touch. Scorched by his love. Just scorched.His long-fingered hands cupped my breasts and kneaded them tenderly, his thumbs brushing over my hard nipples. Then one hand trailed tortuously down my stomach and settled over the raised area. “You’re body’s changing,” he whispered in awe. “You’re really … I’m really…”With a shake of his head, he covered me with his hard body and reclaimed my mouth. This time he was slow and passionate, expressing his love with every delicate thrust of his tongue. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him closer so I could feel the hardness of his erection against my throbbing core. I needed the friction because there was a puddle between my thighs. My vagina was weeping for being neglected for so long.Lovello slipped his hand in my underwear, stroked one finger down my center then thrust it straight inside me. He made a soft, appreciative moan as he gently stroked me, taking his precious time. But I wasn’t up for foreplay tonight. I’d been sexless for far too long, and I needed him inside me. “Love, please. I need you…”“You have me.”His thumb circled around my bud and I whimpered. “No. I need you inside me. It’s been way too long for me to have any pressure build-up right now. Please, Love.”On a groan of acknowledgment, he withdrew his finger from me and pulled my underwear down my legs. He tugged down the waist of his silk pajama pants and freed his length. Then he grasped my legs, bent them up to my chest and commanded me to hold them. Without hesitation I complied, impatient to feel his oversized cock in me. But instead, I felt his tongue sweep down my seam, then flickered over my bud. “Jesus, Love, I said not tonight! I want you inside me. Now!”Lovello chuckled, and it was a sound I’d missed so much. “Okay. I’m sorry. Just had to taste you, beauts. Just had to.” Situating his head at my entrance, he said, “You know, when I saw you tossing and turning tonight, I thought I was never gonna get to come.”“I beg your pardon?”With a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, he said, “I wait for you to fall asleep every night, then sneak into the room and jerk off while I watch you.”What the … ? How creepy is that?Trying not to sound shocked, I whispered, “That’s not perverted at all.”“You can’t blame me. You’re the one who walks round in skimpy little lingerie. What do you expect me to do? Do you have any idea how fast my heart races every time I see you? How hard it beats?”Before I could say anything, he plunged inside me, evoking a loud cry from my lungs. No idea where the hell that came from. Guess my body was overjoyed.Resting a hand over the raised area of my stomach, Lovello began to move measuredly, groaning with each thrust. Going fast, then super slow, then hard and then soft. Making me writhe with pleasure. This is what I’d missed. What I’d needed.“Christ. I’ve missed you so much, beauts.” His weight crashed down on me as he pumped firm thrusts inside me, devouring my neck, licking and nipping. “I thought … I thought this was gone … thought I’d never feel like this again.”As my orgasm teetered on a weak branch, my muscles clenched around him. I gripped his biceps as my body tightened in anticipation of my orgasm’s crash. Lovello, knowing my body as well as he knew his own, picked up momentum, pounding me the way he knew would send me reeling. The way that goaded orgasm. And in a second, I was exploding around him. A long-winded orgasm rippled on forever. All the pent-up orgasms that had been neglected came rolling out in roaring waves.I later became aware of Lovello’s teeth sinking into my shoulder as his hips made rigid thrusts until he was empty and limp.We lay there, sweaty and panting, hearts pounding against our chests, sated. “Although I’ve been a complete dick to you over the last couple of days, I want you to believe me when I say I love you, Axia.” He braced up on his elbows to find my eyes. “I’m sinfully in love with you. I just … I just thought you didn’t love me. And it was painful because I can’t stop loving you no matter how I try. So I figured, if I’m going to be pained while loving you, then I want you to be pained while not loving me … if that makes any sense. I didn’t know you love me. I didn’t know you cared. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”I cupped his face and peered back into his eyes. “It’s okay, Love. I deserved it.”He vehemently shook his head. “No, you didn’t. You’re pregnant and I wasn’t even —”“Please, Love. We need to move past all this. I sure as hell do. I’m tired and exhausted and I just want us to be who we once were.”On a heavy sigh, he stared at me a moment longer, his eyes raking over every inch of my face. Then he buried his face in the crook of my neck and whispered, “I love you, beauts. More than bad habits. More than wealth. More than life.”“And I love you. More than I ever knew I could love. I’m yours. I’m your branded slave. You own me.”Truth or Dare?Truth.Truth: Lovello Tyler Nelson owned me.


XXXIIThe smile that stretched my lips when I woke up the following morning to the feel of Lovello wrapped around me no doubt had me resembling the Cheshire cat. My bladder was begging to be emptied, but there wasn’t a chance in hell that I was leaving this bed. It’d been too long since we’d slept together, since I’d felt his warm body cocooned around mine, since I’d heard his soft breathing against my ear as he slept, since I’d watched him sleep.Sunlight streamed through the windows, which made me realize that Lovello had skipped his daily devotion. Guess we were both dangling on the same thought. Neither of us wanting to leave the arms of the other. I meant more to him than the Big Guy this morning. This notion made me happy, so I snuggled up into his arms instead and buried my face in his chest to block out the intruding sunlight.Just as I was starting to dose off, my phone rang. Deciding to ignore it, I let it ring out, because I couldn’t imagine who could be phoning me now. It’s Saturday morning, for heaven’s sake. But the phone began ringing again as soon as it stopped, and I would’ve continued to ignore it, had not Lovello grumbled in a voice groggy with sleep, “Turn it offfff, Axia.”On a grumble of my own, I rolled over and snatched it off the nightstand. The number wasn’t one I recognized, so I answered in a sleepy voice so the caller would get the idea I was being disturbed. “Hello?”“Pleasantries, pleasantries, Blacksille!” came a heavy masculine voice down the line.“Hi … I’m sorry, may I ask who is this?”“I suggest you get familiar with my voice, young lady, because you will be hearing from me rather frequently. Especially now that you’re carrying my first grandchild.”“Mr. Nelson?” I said in a more genial tone and sat up in bed.“Yes, yes,” he replied in impatience. “Don’t tell me you’re still in bed? Why, it’s 9:35! You should’ve been up before the sun, taking a leisurely stroll through that grand courtyard my son has, and catching the morning’s first fresh, unpolluted air. It’s a healthy habit to make, especially in your state.”Leisurely stroll? Grand courtyard? First fresh air? What era was this man from? “Yes. I guess you’re right —”“Don’t guess! I am right.”Oh hell, I had absolutely no idea how to converse with this man. Lovello touched my arm as his eyes flickered open with the question, “who is it?” in them. When I mouthed, “your father”, he gave me a lazy thumbs-up and mouthed back, “good luck”, then rolled over on his side and went back to sleep.“So …” Marcello continued. “How’s the pregnancy coming along? Have you done an ultrasound yet to check that all is well? Are you taking prenatal vitamins? Is that Hispanic housemaid feeding you healthily? I know how ill this stage can make you feel, so have my son assigned any helpers to you? As a matter of fact, I think I’ll be assigning a live-in nurse to you. Will you be fine with that?”Before I could even conjure up any answers to his bombardment of questions, he spoke again. “You should know I’m a bit peeved that I had to hear about your pregnancy through your father. The worst part is, everyone in my family knew and no one cared to inform me. Is there a reason why this was being kept a secret from me?”“I don’t —”“Oh, don’t hurt your head, sweetheart,” he said. “I’ll take this up with my muddle-headed son when I see him. You just worry about staying healthy and stress-free. What do you say about dinner this evening? I’ve ordered in an acclaimed chef from France to dine us with the best French dishes for the weekend. I’m sure you’ll enjoy his hands.”I swear, my head was spinning. “Um, yeah, that sounds great.”“Good! So I’ll see you later, then,” exclaimed Mr. Excitable.As I was about to move the phone from my ear and end the call, I heard him say, “You have no idea how ecstatic I am about this news. A new Nelson! My family’s growing. Isn’t it amazing?”This time I couldn’t help smiling. He was more excited about this than Vince. “Yes, Mr. Nelson. It is.”His voice cracked a bit as he mumbled, “Bye, sweetheart.”As I ended the call and put the phone on the nightstand, Lovello muffled in his pillow, “Did he give you a chance to speak?”I burst out laughing. “Hardly. And oh, I agreed to have dinner with him this evening.”Lovello spun around so fast with an ‘are you insane’ expression that I almost bounced off the bed. “Not a chance in hell!”“Why? It’s just dinner.”“Axia, there’s a reason all of us kept this news from him. We were trying to save you from being consumed by him. You’re carrying a Nelson. He’s going to overwhelm you. Why do you think he called you and not me? Because he knows I won’t agree to his mollycoddling. By the time he’s done with you, you’ll be confused if it was I who knocked you up, or him. You haven’t witnessed how it was with my cousins; Lori can tell you. I can only imagine how he’s gonna be with you since you’re bringing his first grandchild. So I’m keeping you away from him until you’re very pregnant.”Laughter kept bubbling from me, I couldn’t help it. “That’s insane. He’ll just come by the house.”“I’m changing the pass code,” Lovello deadpanned. He was really serious.But he knew his father’s mannerisms and exactly what he was saving me from, so I wouldn’t bother to argue with him on the matter. Hell, that one phone call alone had me overwhelmed.Lovello tugged my arm and yanked me down to him. “Today we’re not going anywhere. We’re going to stay here and make up for lost times.” Gliding his long fingers over my bare rear, he slid them between my thighs and found immediate wetness. On a sharp inhalation, he husked, “Starting now.” When we next emerged from our bedroom, starving and thoroughly screwed, it was past noon. Much to our satisfaction, Rosa had just finished preparing lunch.“I make heavy lunch,” she’d said. “For you skip breakfast, yes? So lunch heavy.”I’d nodded in agreement at the food loaded on my large plate: baked hen, yellow rice, grilled carrots and fried plantains.Moments after I’d devoured every grain, however, I came to the conclusion that a lunch like that might have been heavy when I wasn’t eating for two, but now, that was like an appetizer. No joke.Lovello had finished eating — managing only half of what was on his plate — and had grown quiet and pensive, while I was rummaging around in the refrigerator, searching for something easy to eat. Spying a cantaloupe, I grabbed it up with a knife and began peeling.“Let Rosa do it, beauts. I don’t want you handling sharp objects,” Lovello said without looking at me.That made me guffaw. “Are you serious? I’m not a baby, Love. I’m just carrying one.”In the hopes of easing his qualms about a grown ass woman like me handling a knife, I went to sit next to him on a stool and continued peeling the cantaloupe.“Well, I guess I better get used to it. Because I want you to start cooking dinner instead of Rosa. I miss your hand,” he said quietly.“That’s manageable,” I nodded.Comparing to how good-humored he’d been all morning, his sudden quietness was beginning to scare me. Was he going to relapse into his revengeful mode just like he’d done on that day he promised me he’d take care of me, then suddenly began eschewing me? I tried not to overthink things, but when his quietude became intolerable, I plastered on a smile and nudged him with my shoulder. “Hey, you okay?”When he glanced at me as if I’d startled him, I knew his mind had been anywhere else but planet Earth. He kept his eyes on me for less than a second, then shifted them past me. “Yes. No. I don’t know.”As I felt my heartbeat growing to loud, erratic thuds, I set down the knife and half-peeled cantaloupe. “What do you mean? W-what’s the matter?”His gaze dropped to his plate. “I was just wondering —”I cut him off by leaning over and placing my palms on either side of his face, forcing him to lift his eyes to mine. “Look at me, like you always do, Love, and tell me.”He brought his hands to cover mine on his face, and staring at me as I requested, he said, “I’m sure you’ve heard what my intentions were on … that night.” He raised his brows for confirmation and I nodded. Yes, he was going to propose. So … ?“Well, I was wondering what you thought about that.” Smiling hesitantly, he added, “You know, us getting, um, married.”Lost for words at the moment, I could only stare back at him. Was he serious? Of course I didn’t want to get married … yet. Why would he spring this on me now? I was pregnant and hadn’t even grown comfortable with the idea yet. And now marriage?When I tried to move my hands from his face, he gripped them tight, refraining me. “No. Please. Just answer me.”“Love…” I trailed off, unsure how to answer. “Not now. It’s too much. I’m just getting used to the idea of being pregnant. It’s all still new to me and the changes in my life are just happening so fast, it’s overwhelming. You have to understand that now is not the right time.”As if I’d burned him, Lovello’s hands fell from mine as he turned away from me. I reached out and touched his arm when he made to get up from his stool, but he shrugged me off. “Don’t,” he gritted out. “I don’t know why I continue to make an ass of myself with you, when I know there’s nothing but a huge, dark hole where your heart should be.”My eyes lifted to his height as he stood. “I never said I didn’t want to marry you. I’m just saying, not right now. I can’t take on so much all at once, Love. You want a baby. You want to cage me up in your home. You want to keep everyone and everything away from me, including my own business. You want marriage … Dios mío, you want too damn much from me. I … maybe in a couple of years or so after I’ve adapted to this whole baby thing.”“A couple of years? A couple of years?” he said in disbelief. “Do you have any knowledge about love and relationships? Or is that ‘new’ to you, too? And oh, what will I introduce you as to people? My ‘babymomma’?”Indignation crept into my veins at his reluctance to see things from my point-of-view. Shifting on the stool to face him squarely, I seethed, “So you only want to marry me because it’s the right thing to do? Because it’s decent? Because it’s the Christian way?”“No!!” he bellowed, his veins bulging beneath his skin, his face reddened. “I want to marry you because I love you!”Bringing both his hands to his head, he gripped his hair and began pacing the room like an asylum patient. “I love you! I love you! I love you! That’s why I want to marry you, Axia. And I want, so much, for you to want to marry me, too. I want to make you mine. I want to be yours. Officially. I want so much more of you, more than you’re capable of giving. Every bit of you that I can have, I want it. I need it. Please. Please just give me this one thing, Axia.”“I’m already yours. And I’m already giving you something: a baby … and my heart.” I breathed an exhaustive sigh. “Love, this pregnancy —”“I prayed for it.” Lovello stopped pacing and came to stand before me, staring down at me with raw eyes. “I prayed for something, anything to bring us back together. I prayed to have you back. Every. Single. Day. This,” he said in a soft tone, as he placed his palm on my stomach, “is not a mistake. It’s not an accident. It’s a miracle. Don’t let anyone tell you that prayers don’t get answered. They do. Please, Axia, don’t take my miracle away from me.”Trying to make him understand, I spoke in a gentler tone, “Love, I’m pregnant, and we’ve only been together for what, six months? That’s not enough time for two people to know —” “I know!” he cried out, dropping to his knees and gripping my thighs. “I’ve known since the very first time I woke up in your house and came downstairs to a well-prepared breakfast. I’ve known when, for the first time in my life, I wanted to make love. I’ve known since I realized that when it comes to you, I’m straight up stupid as shit. I’ve always known. I knew that no one else would do, but you. There’s no one else I want to spend the rest of my life with. No one else can cater to a slob like me in such an altruistic manner, without complaints. No one else can please me. No one else can make my heart beat in that erratic way it does whenever I see you, feel you, taste you. I’ve always known you are the one, beauts. I don’t need time to confirm anything. My love for you has no expiration date. This is it. You are it. Please, Axia, give me you. Marry me.”A lone tear rolled down his cheek and he immediately buried his face in my lap, no doubt ashamed of displaying such weakness.Stroking my fingers through his silky, dark hair, I took a few minutes to think of how I could give him what he needed, without giving away more than I could afford. Trying to sound as unselfish as possible, I finally spoke. “Love?”He lifted his head to look up at me, his eyes slightly glazed. I hated it that I was hurting him. “I’ll accept your proposal on one condition: You have to promise me that you won’t push me for a date until a year at least. So, you can introduce me to others as your fiancé. It’s better than ‘babymomma’, right? But a wedding date will have to wait. Let’s see how things flow after the baby.”I felt his pain and disappointment as they pushed a rush of tears to brim his eye sockets. But he quickly lowered his head and rubbed his eyes before the tears escaped and embarrassed him further. “You tricked me.”“What?”“Last night. You tricked me. You made me think you’d submitted. But you haven’t. Not in the slightest. You told me you’d ‘forever’ be mine, yet now you sound like you have no faith at all in us. Why do you need time to ‘see how things flow’? Do you really think I’m ever going to leave you?”Before I could answer, he said, “You know what, don’t answer that. You’re Axia Victoria Blacksille, and that’s who I’ve fallen in love with. A sweet sin. What can I do but accept you as you are and take you however way I can get you? It’s not like I have a choice. Loving you is what I excel at, it’s what I’m addicted to. It’s what I can’t not do. So all I can do for now is hope that one day you’ll submit wholly to me.”Lovello slowly stood and asked me to give him a minute, then disappeared down the hall. I sat there feeling awful that I was unable to give him what he desired. I loved him to bits and pieces, but I also loved me, too. I couldn’t put my hat where I won’t be able to reach it until I bought a ladder and learned how to climb it. Sometimes a woman had to look out for herself, her well-being, refusing to take more than she can manage, because, without knowing it, men were inherently selfish. And sometimes we give so much of ourselves to them that we lose our own identity. We end up living in their spotlight.I could only give so much of myself and no more. There’s nothing left that I could do to prove to him that I loved him.I wasn’t heartless. I was just realistic. One step at a time was the smartest way to journey. That way, we wouldn’t pull stress on ourselves and end up taking it out on each other when shit became unbearable. But he was unable to see that right now because he was too blinded by love. He would thank me, though. When the craziness of this pregnancy started, by gad, he was going to thank me.Lovello returned a few minutes later and sank back down on his knees in front of me. Then he opened a black ring box that revealed an elegant diamond ring with, yes, black stones encircling the huge oval-shaped diamond on the platinum band. “I’ve no words left. I’ve poured my heart out. I’ve stripped bare and exposed myself to you. And yet, it wasn’t enough. I accept you as you are, because I can’t imagine my life without you in it.”Pointing to the stones he said, “These black stones, they represent the color of your heart, your soul. And this diamond, is my heart. So now you see, you have my heart held captive in your darkness. But believe me, I’m not crying for freedom. I love being held captive, by you. So will you take me? Keep my heart in your possession? Marry me … whenever you think ‘the time is right’?’’He bit down on his lower lip, holding back a laugh, but I couldn’t hold mine in. This stinking asshole. But he was my asshole.Laughing, I rolled my eyes and held out my hand. “Yes, Love, I will.”Still biting down on his lip, he removed the ring from the box and slid it onto my finger then stood up to kiss me, dragging me to my feet. “In a marriage, one plus one equals one. I can’t wait to become one with you. I love you.”“I love you, too,” I whispered in his kiss. “Can we go and make love now? Please.”Lovello pulled back and gave me one of his spiteful smiles. “Or, we could do something to wind down.”“And isn’t making love the perfect way? Couples always make love after an emotional proposal, don’t they?”“Nope. Anything but that.”As he stepped away from me and stuffed his hands in his pockets, I knew then that Mr. Revenge Seeker was planning on playing every spiteful trick in the book until I agreed on a wedding date. And I just might give in. But for now, I was willing to play his little game.“Okay, you’re right,” I shrugged.By the wary look he gave me, it’s clear he wasn’t expecting me to catch on to his game. I brushed past him and started out of the kitchen and down to the theater den. “How about a movie?”“Uh, watch a movie with you?” I heard him say behind me. “I don’t think I can manage another one of your movies. I’d rather make love. You win.”“Oh, none of that this time. The movie I have in mind is a classic. You’re gonna be in tears just the first ten minutes in … From laughter,” I quickly added when his brows shot up. I lay sprawled on the zebra-striped carpet at my favorite spot in the corner of the theater den and watched with a satisfied grin as Lovello laughed until he was clutching his stomach at the hilarity of one of my all-time favorite movies. Hangover.“I just don’t understand,” he barely got out through his fit of laughter. “How-How on earth do you get a tiger up to your room in a five-star hotel?”“I told you you’d love it,” I grinned back, unwittingly rubbing my stomach.Dragging his eyes from the screen, Lovello looked over at me, then his eyes drifted down to where I was rubbing my stomach. “No. I love you.”We stared at each other for a while in appreciation of each other’s love. But then something epic happened again on the screen and I was no longer the center of his attention.As the movie progressed and Lovello laughed until he was in stitches with laughter-tears dripping from his lashes, I realized that I was smiling and crying, too. But it wasn’t because of the movie that I’d seen over a zillion times. It was because my gaze was fixated on the love of my life. It was because I was happier than any one person deserved to be. It was because I was so in lust and in love. In love with the most beautiful, tender-hearted and wise man I’d ever known. And this man, this man loved me back. Ten times over.This man, my man, who has Love as a name.


AcknowledgementTHANK YOU:To you, Vashti, for…everything.To my God who assured me that if I ask, then I’d receive. That if I seek, then I’d find. That if I knock, then the door would swing open. That if I believe, then ‘it’ will happen. And that he will be with me, always, even until the end of time.To all my friends and famz who believe in me and never cease their words of encouragement in times when I wanted to throw in the towel. I love you all.To all of you, readers, who have taken the time to read this book and have gotten as far this acknowledgement, which proves you haven’t DNF’d the beautiful story of Lovello and Axia: Thank You, Thank You, Thank You! One Love :)


For The ReaderThank you for purchasing and reading this ebook. If you enjoyed it please leave a short review on book-related sites such as Amazon and Goodreads. Readers rely on reviews, as do authors.


About The AuthorS. Ann Cole is a passionate writer and reader, and a lover of anything that distracts her from the real world. Ms. Cole is not your typical girl. She hates chocolate, candle-lit dinners and all that hearts and flowers stuff makes her feel awkward, coffee makes her drowsier than ever, and she tends to talk to herself, a lot.Having an obsessive and unquenchable affair with the written word, she’s naturally a recluse who dwells inside her imagination and has to suffer continual bashings from her friends for being a neglectful pal who does nothing but sit around the computer all day, writing.Like a big kid, Ms. Cole loves watching Disney Channel, enjoys a big bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats cereal and prays to our God like it’s nobody’s business — well, it really isn’t. When she isn’t abusing her computer keyboard, you can find her nosing a novel, nursing a glass of red wine, tweeting about every minuteness of her life, or disturbing her neighbors with her rugged voice, trying and failing to hit those notes of Beyonce’s Listen (she really ought to leave the singing department alone!)Lean in a little closer, here’s a secret she wants to share with you. Yes, you. S. Ann Cole can easily be bought with a really, really good bottle of red wine. Shh, don’t tell anyone, okay? *wink*


Contact AnnTwitter @AnnColeRomance  or Website www.AnnCole.netorGoodreads S. Ann ColeorFacebook www.facebook.com/S.AnnColeRomance


E-Book Design & FormatEbook conversion by EBookBuilders
 the digital division of The Book Connection Verified ePUBcheck 







