










EVERNIGHT PUBLISHING ®
 
www.evernightpublishing.com
 
 
 
Copyright© 2017 Sam Crescent
 
 
 ISBN: 978-1-77339-436-7
 
Cover
Artist: Jay Aheer
 
Editor: Karyn
White
 
 
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
 
 
WARNING:
The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is
illegal.  No part of this book may be
used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission,
except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.
 
This is a
work of fiction. All names, characters, and places are fictitious. Any
resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or
dead, is entirely coincidental. 
 







BILLIONAIRE HERO
 
Billionaire Bikers MC, 3
 
Sam Crescent
 
Copyright © 2017
 

Chapter One
 
Lewis Cox looked
out at the city from his penthouse apartment. Night had already fallen, and he held
a glass of whiskey in his hand. He was tired. No, he was exhausted. The town
looked beautiful with the glow from the street lights. Winter was nearly upon
them. In a couple of weeks, it would be Halloween, then on to Thanksgiving, to
end the year with Christmas. 
He took a sip of
his drink, and saw past the glitz and glamor of the city. At the heart of it, there
was a cancer. The city held a multitude of sins no matter where anyone went.
People wanting stuff they really shouldn’t have. 
Just three nights
ago, he and the men in the MC club he was part of, the Billionaire Bikers MC,
had done another interception of stolen girls. 
That was what the
club did. They stopped the trafficking of women. At least, they tried to stop it. It had been during a
rescue that Russ, one of the men who’d helped him form the club, found his
woman, Anna. 
The more women
they failed to rescue, the more information he discovered, he realized there
was no way to stop women from being taken. 
Men wanted them. 
People wanted to
exploit them. 
In the back of his
mind he still saw Mandy, ten years old, screaming his name as she was dragged
into the back of a waiting car. 
Sweet, trusting
Mandy. 
She’d been his
best friend’s sister, his neighbor, and he’d been asked to keep an eye on her. 
It was his biggest
failure. 
Downing his
whiskey, he held the empty glass and glared out across the city. 
No one had been
able to find her. The men who took her had kept her hidden, and then of course,
time passed. 
People moved on. 
She was probably
dead. 
It was usual to
keep on hoping for a sign that wouldn’t turn up. 
Lewis hadn’t
stopped hoping. 
He didn’t give up.

He kept on
fighting. 
No one else had
any hope, but he did. 
There was no way
he was going to give up hope without a dead body to prove to him that he had to
stop. 
So he went to
college. 
Every second of
every single day, he’d worked his ass off to be the best that he could be. Before
Mandy had been taken, he’d been a jock who partied and didn’t give a shit about
his grades. Within weeks of her leaving, that all changed. 
He was an
intelligent guy. 
School hadn’t
interested him, but playing around and football had. 
With Mandy being
gone, he had a mission. 
After a year of
her being gone, he’d realized that no one else gave a shit. The case had turned
cold, and unless there was a call in or something, no one was going to keep
spending time or the taxpayers’ money to go looking for a missing kid. 
It had been a wake-up
call. 
After that, he
realized the only way he was going to find Mandy was to do it himself. His
family had been … well off. Not rich. His dad had been and still was a lawyer. 
He’d not seen them
in over ten years. 
Not since his
parents told him he needed to let it go. 
That he should
focus on his own needs. 
If he’d accept
that Mandy was dead, he could finally live his own life. 
When they’d tried
to have him medically examined, that was the last straw. He never went back. 
He’d built his
empire, Cox Industries, from the ground up. From that point, he found Russell
Wyatt, a man who had no family, and along with him and eight other men, he’d
founded the Billionaire Bikers MC. 
To some they were
a joke, something to be laughed at and mocked. 
Not to Lewis. 
It had been his
base to do what he wanted to do all along. 
To find Mandy. 
No one else was
willing to spend money on the case. So he got rich and gave himself the money
to use to find her himself. 
The idea had been
crazy, until he’d earned his first million. That one million became ten within
a year. From ten, fifty, and it just kept going up and up, until he was finally
wealthy enough to do whatever the hell he wanted. 
The thing about
traffickers was they lived on the wrong side of the law, but several of them
had contacts in law enforcement. They paid men to look the other way. 
So Lewis started
to throw more money than they did. 
His whiskey glass
was empty. He turned around to fill it up, and froze. 
There was Mandy,
the woman that had started it all. 
She was dressed in
a pair of cute peach-colored pajamas. Her now-black hair stood out against her
pale skin. 
“How long have you
been standing there?” he asked. 
“I could ask you
the same thing.”
The men who had
taken Mandy had beaten her to a bloody pulp because they discovered she’d anonymously
been helping the Billionaire Bikers MC to rescue the women the trafficking ring
wanted to sell. Mandy had been with them for years, had learned their tricks,
and then turned it against them. 
Lewis wasn’t an
idiot. 
He knew the
darkness within her eyes was because for a little while she’d helped them find
the girls. Mandy over the years had lost hope, so she’d made sure her
kidnappers, the monsters who held her, trusted her. 
She became part of
what he despised, and then purely because she’d seen a picture, it had all
turned around. Mandy had turned that knowledge against her captors. She knew
the best locations to keep girls, where they’d try to find women that didn’t
get noticed, how to go under the radar, even warning them about some of the
cops that could afford to look the other way while men smuggled shipments out.
When her memory finally returned, her knowledge had helped them to save so many
women.
Lewis didn’t doubt
for a second that she was a valuable asset, and it had taken the club a lot of
money to try to keep her identity a secret. He didn’t want anyone to find out
who she was. As far as the men who’d taken her were concerned, Mandy had died
after they’d beaten her to a bloody pulp. He intended to keep it that way. 
The mess they’d
left her in had required a small amount of plastic surgery, so it was easier to
hide her identity.
“I’m just having a
drink, and staring over at our glorious city. The many secrets it hides.”
“My parents called
again today,” Mandy said, turning toward the phone, which beeped with one
message. 
Since she’d come
back, Mandy had declined to see her parents. At first it was because her memory
was completely gone. She didn’t want to remember anything. 
Of course, as the
doctor predicted, it came back, and with it the memories of who she once was.
She still didn’t want to see her parents even now, two years after her rescue. 
He put the glass
down by the whiskey bottle and went over to the machine, clicking the button to
listen. 
“Lewis, are you there? Mandy, honey, we just want to
see you. To know that you’re all right. Lewis, this has gone far enough, and if
you don’t allow us to see your daughter soon, I’m going to be seeing what I can
do. I’ll talk to your father.”
The call came to
an end, and he sighed. 
“I don’t want to
see them, but I think I want to tell them that to their face if you’d come with
me.”
Lewis looked at
her. “You want to do that?”
“They gave up,
Lewis.” Her hands were clasped together and he took hold of them, pressing
kisses to their knuckles. 
“I don’t want you
to do anything that you don’t want.”
“They had another
daughter,” she said, tears shining in her eyes. “They replaced me.”
“They kept looking
for you.”
“No, they didn’t. You kept looking. They didn’t even hire
a private investigator. They didn’t care.”
Lewis frowned,
reaching out to wipe the tears away. “They cared.”
“After a year of
being taken, I really thought I was going to be rescued. I caused a lot of
trouble. Nearly died from the beatings I got. I didn’t want that life. I wanted
to skip and dance, and go to high school. I wanted to fall in love. There was
so much pain there and death. One of the men came back, and he had footage and
information. The cops had stopped looking. My parents had moved on. Over the
years he’d come back with new footage. Show them laughing in a park or
something.” She stepped out of his hold. “You know, looking back, they never
showed me anything to do with you.”
“I never stopped.
When I realized that unless there was some sighting they weren’t going to waste
time looking for you, I built this.” He pointed at his penthouse. “To find you,
I needed money. The only way to get money was to earn it. That’s what I did.
While earning money, I kept spending it to find you. It took a long time.”
She shrugged. “You
found me, and I found you. Seeing that picture, your name, it was like I
stopped being the machine they’d created. I came back to myself. The Mandy I
am, she had to disappear. To survive, I had to become someone else.” The tears
fell down her cheeks. “I had to save them.”
He pulled her into
his arms and held her close. 
“How can you not
hate me when I helped them?” she asked. 
They had gone
through this a couple of times now. 
Kissing the top of
her head, Lewis felt sick to his stomach. Not at her. 
“I’ve seen the scars
on your body, Mandy. I know they didn’t come at your own hand but because you
fought. You didn’t find these women and lure them into that life willingly.
They beat you to make you submit to them. They made your life hell. There’s no
way in hell I’d ever hate you.” He kissed the top of her head. “You survived.
That’s all that matters.”
****
Mandy smiled at
the man who’d rescued her. Lewis was just an older version of the guy she once
knew. The guy she’d had a crush on. 
They were so
different now. 
At ten years old,
she’d have blushed bright red at his kiss or his attention. 
So much had
happened. Their lives had changed completely. They’d once been two ordinary
people, their families living next door to each other. Lewis no longer had a
family, and hers was desperate to see her. 
Tucking her hair
behind her ear, she licked her parched lips. “I’m going to make myself some
tea.” 
Pulling out of his
arms, she made her way toward the kitchen. She didn’t want to leave the safety
she found in his embrace, but she needed to learn to stand on her two feet. 
Since recovering
from the final beating they’d given her, Mandy had slowly gotten every single
memory back. Of course, she pushed them out of her mind. She didn’t need the
tools that they’d taught her to get by in life. 
She took her cup
from off the top shelf as the kettle began to boil. 
Lewis took a seat
at the counter. “How are your studies coming along?”
Mandy paused. “Do
you want a coffee?” He only bought the tea because she liked it. He was a
coffee drinker. 
“Yes.”
“They’re going
well. They seem a bit trivial at times. Some stuff I really don’t need to
learn,” she said, smiling. Even though she went to the local college, she wasn’t
at college level. One of the professors there helped with adults who’d had
their education cut short for whatever reason. She didn’t attend any real
classes there, but stayed within an office where she tried to catch up on
everything. Lewis hadn’t wanted her to go back to a formal school setting, and
she didn’t want to either, considering she didn’t have any education past the
age of ten. Learning wasn’t high on traffickers’ priority.
“Like what?”
“History. It seems
kind of pointless.”
“I think it’s good
to understand where we come from, and to help us avoid the mistakes of the
past.”
“It’s still
boring. I do like English, though. I think anything to do with reading is
always fun.” She finished making them their drinks, and placed one in front of
him while she took a seat at the counter. “You didn’t tell me how your last
rescue mission went.”
Lewis had told her
everything about the club and how it worked. They were heroes. She really hoped
each man knew that. 
“It went well. We
found ten girls, and they’re being placed back with their families. We got to
them before they were hurt too bad.”
“Only ten?”
“Before we could
get to them, the men were shooting them in the head.”
Mandy took a deep
breath as pain shot through her. 
“They’re not alive
anymore, Mandy.”
“I figured. You
wouldn’t let something like that happen on your watch.”
Lewis sighed and
rubbed his eyes. 
Jamie Breeland,
one of the other club men, had told her that Lewis was working himself into the
ground. The club was worried that with Lewis working as hard as he was, he’d
make a mistake. That mistake could cost him his life. The thought of Lewis
being hurt or worse, dying because he’d overworked himself, and then put his
life in danger, scared her. 
He was the only
person in this world that she had. 
“You need to learn
to relax a little,” she said. 
Taking a sip of
her tea, she looked up at him over the edge of her cup. 
“The guys been
talking to you?” he asked. 
She shook her
head. “Just Jamie. He thinks you’re working too hard.”
He sighed. “It’s
none of their business.”
“You’re the one who
helps to find out all this information. You set up an MC to help you do it. They’re
worried about you, and they have a right to be. You put their lives in danger,
and if you’re not there to have their backs, it puts them in danger.”
She reached out,
taking Lewis’s hand. He was the only person she’d willingly touched since her
freedom. He was the only person who’d ever given her hope throughout all the
darkness. 
“I would never
hurt them,” he said. 
“I know you wouldn’t
do it intentionally. I’m not trying to say you would.” She cupped his wrist,
feeling his pulse beat. For some strange reason, this soothed her in ways
nothing else ever had. “But one mistake could get you killed in this world.
Believe me, I know.” She recalled that final beating she’d gotten. 
Hope had consumed
her to the point she’d let her guard down, and in doing so, her enemies had
come for her. 
The punishment had
been severe. Worse than anything she’d ever suffered, and she’d been through a
great deal. 
Pushing those
thoughts to the back of her mind, she focused on Lewis. This wasn’t about her,
not anymore. 
“You don’t have to
keep proving yourself,” she said. 
“I’ll always have
to prove myself. It’s just the way I am. I want to help those women. It doesn’t
matter how many we save, more get taken, and as more get taken, more are sold.”
“It’s a never-ending
market, Lewis.” She leaned over the counter and cupped his cheek. “It’s not
your fault.”
“I have to save
them.”
Her heart was
breaking for him. One thing she learned about being part of it, there were a
lot of men, women, and children you couldn’t save. 
“You can’t, Lewis.
There’s not going to be an end to this. It runs too deep, and it will never
disappear. For a couple of years, it may seem like it’s all gone. The truth is
it never is. There is always someone willing to take their place, and that’s
not your fault. It won’t ever be your fault.” She really wanted him to believe
that. He took so much pressure on his shoulders, and he was just one man. He
didn’t have an army. A club with nine men that had done so much already. Just
hearing what they’d done to help Anna, Russ’s woman, was more than enough for
Mandy to know they were good men, great men. 
“It’s never
enough,” he said. 
The pain in his eyes
was more than she could bear. She didn’t look away, though. She stared at him,
letting him see how grateful she was that he’d never given up, and she hoped
the love she felt for him was there as well. 
“Everything you do
is more than enough.” She smiled. “Think about the women you’ve already saved.
The ones that were only taken for a couple of hours. They’ve gone back to their
lives, and yes, there will be nightmares, but you saved them. Granted them
their freedom, Lewis. That’s more than anyone else will ever do for them.”
He stared at her
intently.
“What about you?”
he asked. 
“Me, you’re my
hero, Lewis. Always. When everyone else had given up, you didn’t. You found
me.”
“Why didn’t you
reach out to me when you did?” he asked. “You helped those other women, but you
rarely helped yourself?”
She sighed. “When
I saw that picture of myself, and I saw your name, I’d never forgotten you.
They tried to make me forget that I was a daughter, and a friend, and an
irritating little sister. I could forget most, but not you. I’d dream of you. I
remember as they grabbed me, I screamed, and they were so fast. You were trying
so hard to get to me, but I was gone. You chased after the car, crossing the
road as he spun. You nearly got hit, and as they kept on holding me down, you
were still following, until you nearly got hit by a car, and they were able to
gain some distance. Then they drugged me, knocking me out. You fought then,
Lewis. I knew that you’d help the women that hadn’t yet been sent for
distribution. If I could help them, then I knew one day, you’d come for me. I’d
been there a long time already. What was a couple more years to help you beat
them?”
She saw tears in
his eyes and she hated seeing him this way. Lewis was the hero. 
“I think about
that day all the time. That moment I heard you scream. I can’t get it out of my
head.”
“It was a life-changing
moment for both of us.” She smiled. “I wonder if I hadn’t been taken, whether
you’d have still been that jock and married the popular girl. Had a couple of
kids, and never done this.”
“What do you think
you’d have done?” Lewis asked. “What did you want to do?”
“I loved writing.
I loved making stories. It’s something that has never changed, not once.” She
pulled away, tucking some hair behind her ears. “You need to learn to take a
break, have some fun.”
“Fun, what is
that?”
“I don’t know. I
was hoping you’d tell me.” She smiled at him, giving him a wink. 
She finally heard
him laugh, and it was the sweetest sound in the world to her. 







Chapter Two
 
Lewis finished signing
the last of his contracts, and spun around to look out of the massive window
behind him. Like his penthouse apartment, this overlooked the city, and he
thought about the conversation he’d had last night with Mandy. 
In all the years
he’d been hunting kidnappers and traffickers, he had realized long ago it was a
business to them, something that couldn’t be switched off no matter how hard he
tried. 
This was his
palace in a way. A place for him to look out and try to find a sense of peace.
After so many years, he’d finally found Mandy, and she was living with him. He
could take care of her. She was also being tutored by a college professor, not
that she was taking any college classes. The professor was trying to fill the
gaps and helping her to play catch-up on the education that she’d lost. She
could read and write, of course, as that was something that couldn’t be taken
away. 
Everything else
was a blank, so the professor he’d arranged for her to see was more than aware
of her gaps and was helping to fill them in. Lewis made sure there was a
bodyguard with her, but she asked for him not to be constantly at her side so
she was able to attend her lessons without someone else watching her. 
“Sir, Jamie
Breeland is here,” his PA said, speaking over the intercom. 
“Send him in.”
He didn’t turn
around, even as the door opened and closed. 
“Wow, since when
do I have to ask permission to enter here?” Jamie asked. 
Finally, Lewis turned
to smile at his friend. “You can never be too careful. Cameron follows everything
by the book. I’ll let her know that you and the other guys from the club can
enter without permission, unless I’m in an important meeting.”
“Cameron wouldn’t
let me pass. She’s a hard-ass, so I don’t see anyone getting to you.” Jamie crossed
a leg over his knee and stared at him. “So, how are things?”
“Mandy has already
given me the lecture that you guys think I’m running myself into the ground.”
“Is this to prove
you’re not giving up just because you found Mandy?” Jamie asked. 
This was something
that had hurt. For a short time, he’d simply basked in knowing he’d gotten
Mandy back. He’d not given up on the other women, and never would, but his
friends and fellow MC brothers had believed he had. It couldn’t have been
further from the truth. 
“No.”
“Look, we’ve all
been talking, and I’m here to apologize on behalf of the club. We shouldn’t
have pointed a finger at you.”
“It’s fine.” Lewis
leaned forward. “There was a lot of stuff I had in place that you didn’t know
about. Guys willing to find out information for a price.”
“Are you okay?”
Jamie asked. 
“I’m fine.”
“You seem tired.”
Lewis couldn’t
sleep, and hadn’t been able to for some time. It didn’t matter though. He’d
been surviving on little to no sleep since he was eighteen years old. At the
time, his parents had wanted him to go into therapy to talk about his fucking
feelings. He’d told them to shove therapy up their ass. The only help he’d ever
get was if he found Mandy. 
“You know it
wasn’t your fault,” Jamie said. 
Pulling out of his
thoughts, he looked at Jamie. “What?”
“Mandy being
taken. All the years she suffered at the hands of those monsters. You can’t
blame yourself.”
Lewis ran a hand
down his face, feeling like everything was heavy. “I watched them take her.”
“You were a kid.”
“I was eighteen years
old, and I knew what I was doing.”
Jamie sighed. “The
way Mandy looks at you, she doesn’t
blame you, Lewis. You need to start believing in yourself and forgiving
yourself. If not, you’re going to live a very miserable existence.”
The intercom
sounded. 
“Sir, erm, I’ve
got a man out here claiming to be your father. He looks really angry.”
She was whispering
over the intercom. 
“I’ll be right
out,” Lewis said. 
“She’s a delight,”
Jamie said. 
“Cameron’s a hard
worker. She needed a break after everything she’s been through.” It was a messy
divorce, and a kid that the father tried to get sole custody of. Lewis had
hired the best lawyers to help find her husband’s skeletons and make the mess
go away. Since then, Cameron had been very loyal, and followed his instructions
without any mistakes. 
“Moving on from
that little warning I see in your eyes. Your father is here?”
Lewis sighed. “It
would seem that Mandy’s parents believe that I’m keeping her locked up against
her will. This is their way of fighting to get her back.” He shrugged. “They
said they’d find whatever means they could to get access to her. She wants to
see them face to face, and tell them to fuck off.”
Until then, he had
to deal with his dad. He’d not seen him in a long time. 
He’d cut off all contact,
and right now he really didn’t want to have anything to do with him. 
“Fine, fine, I’ll
leave you to deal with family. Are you coming to the club tonight? Chill out,
relax, take it easy?” Jamie asked. 
The way he was
saying it, Lewis couldn’t resist. “I’ll be there.”
“You know it’s
going to be okay, Lewis,” Jamie said as they both stood by the door. “You’re
not alone, and you won’t ever be alone. We’re all here, and we’ve got your
back. You just need to ask.”
They were his
friends as well as his club. To many the Billionaire Bikers MC was a joke, and
maybe it was. They didn’t live or work like real MCs, but it was his life. He’d
give his life for each of the nine other men that were part of the club. 
“Thank you.”
“Is it bad that I
want to see who your daddy is?” Jamie asked, making Lewis laugh. 
If it was anyone,
it was Jamie who could make him laugh. 
“You can even be
introduced to my dad if you stay away from my PA.”
Jamie groaned.
“You’re a monster. Holding my needs to ransom.”
Lewis laughed, and
it made him pause. He’d not laughed in so long. 
“Yeah, now you’re
seeing why we’re worried about you. When was the last time you had any fun?”
He didn’t answer.
Instead, he left his office, and there by his PA was his father. He’d have
recognized him anywhere. The judgmental bastard stood out in a crowd, and Lewis
had made sure he never walked in his shoes. 
“Son,” he said. 
“Jamie, this is my
father.”
“Nice to meet you,
sir,” Jamie said.
Before his father
could speak, Jamie was already winking at Cameron. “See you around,
sweetheart.”
Lewis rolled his
eyes. “Sorry about him.”
“He’s harmless,
sir.”
“Hold my calls for
me,” he said. That was his code for if his father hadn’t left in five minutes,
he wanted an excuse to get out of it.
“Yes, sir.”
Entering his office,
he didn’t extend the invitation to his father, and knew the older man would
enter even without one. 
Going behind his
desk, he grabbed his ball that he liked to squeeze to help relieve stress. This
was the first time his father had been here in his domain. 
Sitting back in
his chair, Lewis watched as his father entered and took a seat. 
“Do you know why
I’m here?” Gordon asked. 
“Yes.” 
Gordon Cox had
aged well, and it made Lewis feel a little better to know he would as well.
Most of the Billionaire Bikers didn’t have a family. Everyone at the club knew
he had a family that he’d walked away from. 
They had tried to
put him in a hospital because of his obsession with finding Mandy. Since then,
he’d cut off all contact. 
“You can’t keep
her away from her family.”
“The family that
stopped looking.”
“You can’t hold
that against them. They were told to move on with their lives.”
“And yet I’m the
one that found her, and you think I’m the one who’s stopping her from getting
into contact with her parents?” he asked, squeezing the ball even tighter. 
“You’re not?”
“She’s a grown-ass
woman, Gordon. Mandy can do whatever the hell she wants, and doesn’t need me to
tell her what to do.”
His father looked
pained. “They want to see her.”
“She doesn’t want
to see them. I’m helping Mandy. That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do. Surely you
remember that.”
“We made a
mistake, son.”
“Don’t call me
that.”
“You were
obsessed.”
“For the right
reason. She was alive, and they were hurting her. I saved her. That’s all I
will ever do is save her, help her. You want to take me on, do it. I’ve got
nothing to hide.”
“They just want to
see her. To hold her, to know she was okay.” 
“Then they’re
going to have to wait. If you think for a second I’m going to force Mandy to do
something she doesn’t want to do, think again. That’s all she has ever done
since she was taken at ten years old, been forced to do what she doesn’t want
to do.”
****
Mandy held her
books to her chest as she made her way out of the college grounds. Watching the
students made her wish she was like them, that she didn’t have a history like
her own. None of them knew who she was, but that was fine. She didn’t want
anyone to know about her past. 
So much time had
been lost with being abducted. 
In all the time
she’d been taken, she hadn’t been allowed to read a book, study, or do anything
that helped improve her learning. 
All she had was
the basics that every ten-year-old had. Fortunately, she was working toward her
education. At the moment, no one would hire her, unless of course she worked
for an escort agency, which she really didn’t want to do. That was the education she’d been given. How to please a man, and
even a woman. 
Pushing those
thoughts aside, she focused on what she had been doing. In her notebook, she’d
been writing down a story. It wasn’t really a story, but her life. With each
word she wrote, she felt like a part of her soul was being repaired. 
What she was
writing, she didn’t want to talk to someone about. 
All of her life it
hadn’t been all bad, which was probably what made it even worse. There had been
good times and bad. 
She’d been a kid
for a couple of years, and during that, they had given her Christmases and
presents, which helped her to trust them a little. 
The pain would
follow, then the lessons, and, if she failed, punishments. 
It didn’t take her
long to realize that if she was good at what she did, they left her alone, and
she could blank everything else out. 
Leaving the
college grounds, she looked up, and there, leaning against a very expensive-looking
car, was Lewis. 
Every inch of him
was the wealthy businessman, and just seeing him made her smile. He was her
girlhood crush, and since being with him, she had fallen in love with him once
again. He didn’t look at her with those sad eyes, trying to judge her, or
wonder what she’d been through. 
She didn’t know if
he even realized that he looked at her with a smile. 
“Wow, am I getting
escorted home now?” she asked. 
“I wanted to see
you. I saw my dad today.” He opened the car door for her. 
Climbing inside,
she held her books in a death grip and waited for him to climb behind the
wheel. 
“Are you going to
make me go and see them?” 
“No. Not a
chance.” He cupped her cheek and turned her head so she was looking at him. “I
would never make you do anything that you don’t want to do. I hope you believe
that.”
“I do.” She
smiled. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have thought that for a second.”
“I promised you
that you could do whatever you wanted, and if that means you don’t want to see
them, then I’ll handle it.”
“He’s going to
cause you trouble though, right?”
“Don’t parents do
that?” he asked. 
She shook her
head. “No. I don’t want you to get into any trouble because of me. It’s not
worth it.”
“You’re worth it,
Mandy. Always.” There were a few seconds of silence, and Mandy tried to think
of something to say that would at least make him see reason, but she was coming
up with nothing. What could she say? 
Her parents had
given up on her. They’d had another kid not long after, and learning that, she
had felt they’d replaced her. 
She didn’t want to
go and see them, talk to them. 
Yet, they were
forcing the issue. Why did everyone feel the need to push? She knew it had been
two years, but still, she’d been gone a lot longer than that. Surely they could
give her time. All of her life that was all anyone had ever done to her. Push,
push, and more pushing. Her own family wouldn’t even grant her any peace, and
that in itself hurt. 
“I’ve got to head
to the clubhouse tonight. Do you want to come?”
Mandy couldn’t
help but smile at him talking about a clubhouse as if the Billionaire Bikers MC
was like every other club. He’d explained about other MCs and what they did. 
The clubhouse was
a luxurious building. The club women were paid thousands of dollars to be on
hand. Everything about an MC, only branched out for billionaires. It was really
funny. He’d told her once that they were not really taken seriously, and she
believed him. The thing was, he made sure the world took him seriously with
everything that he did. Saving women, taking out traffickers, or bringing them
to justice. 
The Billionaire
Bikers MC may be a joke to a lot of people. To the women they saved, they were
the real deal. 
Heroes, just like
Lewis. Her man. 
“Can I come with
you? I don’t want to be alone at your place right now.”
“Why not?”
“In case your
father turns up, or worse, my parents. What if they get someone to snatch me or
order me to talk to them?”
“That won’t
happen, Mandy. You’re a full-grown woman and can make your own decisions.”
“You yourself said
they could make things difficult.”
“Yes, but only by
spreading rumors. They can try to take me on, baby. It’s not going to happen. I
won’t let it.”
“I’d still rather
go to the clubhouse with you.”
She liked being
surrounded by the men of the club. They were fierce men, loyal, and above all,
nice. She liked being around nice people. They all helped her to believe in a
better world. 
Each one of them
was there for a reason. It was a brotherhood, and she liked that. 
Lewis changed
direction, and she knew they were heading toward the clubhouse. She was one of
the few people to see it. 
What they did kept
their identities in check. Only a few people knew of what they actually did,
and none of them searched for credit for what they did either. 
“How was college?”
he asked. 
“It was okay. It’s
not really college, though. I’m more like a high school kid being tutored. Some
classes are boring. Others fun.” She shrugged. “Leaving the professor’s office,
I must look like the odd one out, leaving the grounds that way.”
“You’re a
beautiful woman, Mandy. Don’t let anyone get to you. You’re where you need to
be. You’ve got this air around you. Like an aura. You’re kind of untouchable.”
She burst out
laughing. “Is that a line?”
“Nope. That’s the
truth.”
She didn’t have
time to ask any more questions as he pulled into the parking lot. Climbing out
of the car, she held onto her bag, and together they made their way up on the
elevator, and entered what she considered paradise. 
It was so clean. 
Classical music
played throughout the rooms, and that let her know Malcolm was in residence. If
heavy metal was playing, that was pure Jamie. 
Mandy took a seat
at one of the tables and pulled out her books, flipping them open. Staring at
the math equation, she wrinkled her nose and moved on to the worksheets she’d
been assigned. 
Tucking her black
hair behind her ear, she continued to work through her sheets. Lewis had gone off,
heading toward the back. That was where the main set up of the club was. He
dealt with information gathering. 
She jumped as
someone sat at the table. 
It was John,
another of the billionaire men. 
There was Russell,
known as Russ, Richard, John, Dave, Jamie, Sean, Malcolm, Blake, Jackson, and
finally Lewis. 
Those were the ten
men of the club. They were fierce, loyal, rich, and handsome. 
“How are you
doing?” John asked. 
“I’m doing good.”
She lifted up a textbook. “Seems kind of mundane to learn it after everything,
you know?”
They all knew what
had happened to her. What she’d done to survive, and how she kept giving them
information to help them find who they needed. 
She’d been part of
that world to the point she’d known where they’d hide women, what certain words
meant, and how to catch them out. 
Lewis called her a
well of information. 
Mandy was happy to
use everything those bastards had taught her against them. 
“This is what they
took from you. Every time you do a spelling assignment, or read a paragraph,
think about what they wouldn’t let you do.” John smiled. “Think of it as a way
of giving the finger to those assholes. You’re alive, Mandy. You’re living, and
they didn’t want that for you. Think about that, every time you look at a
textbook and wonder what the hell you’re doing it for.” He patted her hand.
“You’re doing it for all those women who couldn’t.”
“You’re going to
make her cry with that little speech. I happen to need some woman advice,”
Jamie said, spinning a chair around and straddling it. “So, there’s this woman
that I like.”
“O-kay.” 
“She’s got a kid,
and she works for one of my—”
“Stay away from
Cameron.”
Jamie glared. “You
know I’m a very nice guy.”
“She’s been
through a lot, Jamie. You’re a nice guy, I know that. You’re also a good-time
guy, and she doesn’t want her heart broken.” 
No woman wanted
their heart broken. The thing was, each of these billionaires was broken in
some way. What they didn’t seem to understand was that they could break a
woman’s heart just as easily. 







Chapter Three
 
“Everything seems
so quiet,” Lewis said, typing away at the computer. He worked his way through
the security. Some of the men they had eyes on, ones with past association with
traffickers or known to have purchased girls, had been spotted near sales sites.

The club was
keeping a close eye on those targets for any signs of another auction. There
had been no recent reports of missing girls. Usually they followed that trail,
which always led them to an auction, and to the fuckers responsible for taking
the girls and making a shitload of money off them. Mandy had showed them how to
access the darker market, and how to find them on the internet. She’d seen how
they’d set it up from the start. Lewis didn’t even want to think about the time
she’d spent with those bastards. Everything wasn’t always clean and simple by
her telling them some secret formula. Traffickers moved around, and Mandy was
able to point out exactly where they were hiding, or where they were storing
girls.
“Maybe we’re
finally getting through to them,” Russ said. 
“Or they know,”
Blake said. 
Lewis turned
around to look at a couple of the brothers. “What do you mean they know?”
“We have
interrupted every single shipment of women for the past couple of years. If
it’s not us, then we get the cops to handle it. Don’t you think that’s going to
look a little suspicious to some of them? We know we don’t get all of them. It’s
next to impossible to do.”
Lewis sat back and
stared at his brothers. They were not related by blood, but he’d trust them
more than his own family. The family he’d turned his back on when they had
turned on him. 
“They could be
trying to hunt for us,” Lewis said. 
“Or, they may know
that we have someone of value to them,” Blake said, and pointed to the computer
screen of the main room, which showed Mandy with John and Jamie. “Let’s face
it, she’s been the one helping us find them. This silence could be them hunting
for her.”
“They think she’s
dead,” Lewis said. Fear gripped him in a way he’d never known before. It made total
sense. 
“It doesn’t take a
lot to find out that she’s not, Lewis. You and I both know that. As much as I
hate to say this, I think if a bunch of girls suddenly go missing, we need to
let them,” Blake said. 
Lewis saw that the
idea didn’t appeal to any of them. 
“All this quiet,
and if they start taking girls, I believe it’ll be a trap.” Blake had great
instincts. Those same instincts had saved them a time or two in recent years. 
Lewis ran a hand
down his face, feeling exhausted. “I’ve got a guard on her. What else do you
want me to do?” 
Russ and Blake
looked at each other. “We think it could be best if you take her to your
island. Give it a couple of weeks, rest, relax. You can work from there, and
then when a little time has passed, we think of a way to handle this that
doesn’t cause too much finger-pointing.”
“You want me to
take a break? A vacation when we’re just speculating about what’s going on?
Maybe we got them all.”
“And maybe pigs
might fly someday, Lewis. We’ve been doing this too long for it to be a
coincidence. You and I both know that,” Russ said. “Something is going on.
Something big. What if they’ve thought about Mandy? What if she’s well-known to
a lot of people?”
Lewis gritted his
teeth. 
“They’re right,”
Mandy said, pulling their gazes to her. “You’re not getting anything. It’s like
radio silence?”
Blake spoke first.
“There’s not even a single missing girl.”
She nodded and
moved closer. Her hand was on the table, resting as she looked over the
multiple computer screens.
Lewis saw her
thinking. 
“Their business
was always supply and demand. Not just for the auctions but for their brothels,
and women on the streets. This is a worldwide network. Not just stationed in
one city. You’ve interrupted them, and saved so many girls.”
“You couldn’t have
expected us to let them go. Not with the information we have,” Lewis said. 
Tears filled her
eyes. “But maybe we should have. Allowed them to get a little further along in
the selling process, then intervened.”
“You were part of
it,” Blake said. “You were known, right?”
The tears started
to fall. She didn’t sob, and Lewis watched as she wiped those tears away. “Yes.
It’s how I know so much. I was part of it all. I was their success story. They
would show me off to the girls as if I was some queen.”
He saw the pain in
her eyes, and knew this was Mandy’s guilt all over again. 
“None of us blame
you,” Lewis said. 
“You were trying
to survive,” Blake said. 
She wiped more
tears as they fell. “It doesn’t matter now. If they figure out that you’ve got
someone who knows everything about them, it’s only a matter of time before they
figure it out. I always hoped I’d get away. When I saw your picture and your
details, I knew this was my chance to save them.”
“You risked your
life, Mandy,” Russ said. 
Mandy took a deep
breath. “What do you need from me?”
“They want us to
go away to my private island. To take some time away. Let all of this die
down.”
“I’m thinking the
club could be quiet as well,” Blake said. “Like we’ve quit and gone our
separate ways.”
“But we stay in
touch. We keep up to date on everything. It just appears that we’re no more.”
They had known
some of the traffickers were onto them. 
What if they
shared information with each other, just like the club did? It wouldn’t take
anyone long to figure out what was going on, that the club was indeed a club. 
Lewis rubbed his
temples. “We can’t give up on them.”
“We won’t. This is
what we do, Lewis. We can’t do it if they find out about Mandy, or worse, if
they take her.”
He saw her tense
up. Reaching out, he took her hand. “I’d never let that happen.”
“You can’t watch
me twenty-four-seven, Lewis. I think Blake’s idea is right. We need to take a
little break for now. This isn’t going to go anywhere. You’ve got to think of
the club, and the safety of the future girls you’ll save.” She squeezed his
hand. “You can do this.”
She wouldn’t let
him give up. 
He loved her more
than anything else in the world, and would gladly do whatever she said. 
“I’ll leave you to
talk.” She gave his hand a final squeeze, and then left. 
Lewis watched her
go out into the main clubhouse. 
“What do the other
guys think?” he asked. 
“We’ve all talked
about it, Lewis. It’s for the best.” 
He wasn’t pissed
that they’d had church without him. Over the years whenever someone had been
busy, they’d always updated each other. They didn’t work like other MCs. 
“I guess I better
get everything together and organize some vacation time.” He wouldn’t not work. The bonus in running his own
corporation was the fact he could do it from anywhere in the world. 
All he needed was
a computer and a cell phone, and he was all set. 
Glancing back at
the screen, he turned them all off, ceasing his control. He had to step back.
It was taking over his entire life, and that wasn’t going to do. Not for him. 
After the
conversation with his father, the past few years, and life in general, as much
as he hated to admit it, he needed the break. Each time he slept, he woke up
because all he could see was the bodies of the girls he couldn’t save. Russ’s
old lady, Anna, had lost her best friend to them. 
He wouldn’t ever
forget that image of them finding Karen’s body. They had both been so young. 
Standing up, he
shook Russ’s and Blake’s hands. Heading out to the main clubhouse, he shook
each of the guys’ hands, and then held onto Mandy as they made their way back
down to the car. 
“You’re feeling
guilty?” she asked. 
“Yeah. It’s been a
long road to get here. It’s going to take some getting used to having to take a
step back.”
For the sake of
future girls, and for Mandy’s safety, he had to stop hunting. 
Those that he
hunted knew he was on their tail. Blake’s instincts and his own had never failed
him. He wasn’t going to ignore that. 
Let the bastards
think they were gone. 
Lewis intended to
smash them into the ground until there was nothing left. 
****
Mandy glanced down
at the piece of paper and then looked up at the house that her parents had moved
to. This was not the house she remembered, nor did it even resemble the place
that she had once called home. 
It was a plain
white house, and it looked exactly the same as every single place on the
street. Nothing stood out about it, and she didn’t much care for it either.
There was no character, nothing. 
Just a house. 
Licking her lips,
she looked back at the car. Her bodyguard leaned against the car. He was
waiting for her to take the next step, or to jump back in for him to drive
away. 
Lewis was packing
their things and getting his home on his island ready for a visit. She liked
the thought of being alone with him, of having the rest of the world away from
them. The professor she studied with was great, very patient with her, but at
times she felt overwhelmed. 
Everyone expected
so much of her, and she couldn’t give it to them. Her world hadn’t been about
education for so long, and certainly not learning about mundane bullshit. 
Her teacher always
told her it was simple, easy, and she should get it. 
She didn’t give a
shit what happened in World War One or Two, or that there had been a Cold War.
He didn’t understand, nor would she tell him that she’d stood and watched as a
teenage girl got beaten to death for trying to escape. Or that she herself was
starved because she had caused a scene in a public place. 
The violence had
been part of her world, and all she’d known was surviving from one day to the
next. She didn’t know if she’d be alive the next day. Or if her captors would
be displeased, or a guy would complain about her lack of enthusiasm. She had
seen so much in her life, and because of it the small shit didn’t bother her. 
He was the best
damn teacher according to Lewis, but she didn’t care if he was the worst. The
only reason she kept on going was because education in this world meant she got
a job. A job gave her independence, and she wouldn’t have to rely on Lewis. She
never wanted him to think she was using him. 
She wanted to
stand on her own two feet. 
Lewis had wanted
her to go to a therapist. She had sat in a chair and stared at the man, then
told him bluntly what had happened. 
The therapist had
cried his eyes out, and she hadn’t returned. 
The female
therapist wasn’t much better. 
Talking about
stuff didn’t help Mandy. 
Therapy was out of
the question. 
All she wanted to
do was to try to make a go of a life she’d never known was possible to her. Her
freedom had come to her when she thought it wouldn’t happen. 
Sometimes she
wondered if it would have been easier to have died from that final beating. 
She’d prayed for
death, to finally feel peace. 
It hadn’t been
granted. Waking up in the hospital, she’d been terrified. Seeing Lewis had
grounded her. 
Throughout it all,
he’d been the one to give her hope in a sea full of darkness and despair. Seeing
him, knowing what he did, she’d made the decision to turn every single piece of
information they’d given her against them. She wanted to bring them down. 
And Mandy was
determined to do it. 
First, she needed
to deal with the people behind that door. 
“You don’t have to
do this,” her guard said. 
She did. 
Lewis had done so
much for her. He’d become a billionaire just to protect her. The least she
could do was handle her parents. 
“I’ll be back in a
second. I know Lewis asks you to keep an eye on me, but I need to do this
alone.” 
“He’ll have my ass
for this, Mandy.”
“I’ll deal with
him. I promise. I need to do this.” She smiled at him, and then stepped up to
the house. Her hands were all sweaty, and she was nervous. 
Knocking on the
door, she stood and waited. 
I can do this. 
Seconds passed,
and finally the door opened. 
She stared at her
mother for the first time since she was ten years old. The years had blended
together. Age didn’t matter to her. 
Her mother had
aged well. There were a few traces of white in her blonde hair. 
Mandy had dyed her
hair as she didn’t want to remember the color. It was the simple things she
wanted to change. 
“Hello, Mom,” she
said. 
“Mandy? Oh,
Mandy.”
When her mother
went to hug her, Mandy couldn’t handle that, so she took a step back. She knew
she hurt her mother, but she couldn’t help it. This was not really a social
call. Right now, she didn’t want to hug her parents. 
“Ryan, come here,”
her mother said. 
Seconds later, she
saw her dad. The smile on his face didn’t make her feel anything. 
“Come in, come
in,” they said. 
Mandy hesitated
but finally succumbed, stepping over the threshold of their new home. They
didn’t feel like her family. There was no familiarity with them. Just … a
sadness. 
When her father
went to hug her, she took a step back. “I don’t hug.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.
Of course.”
It was awkward. 
She didn’t know
what to do, so she stood waiting, wondering if she’d made a big mistake. Lewis
hadn’t pressured her to come, but she’d wanted to get this out of the way and
figure out what she wanted to do. 
They were her
parents, but she didn’t feel like they were. 
“Let’s go sit
down.”
Nodding her head,
she followed them into the sitting room. The place was covered in photographs. 
Mandy kept her
jacket on, and saw that there wasn’t a single image of her. 
For ten years
she’d been with them. They were her birth parents, and she’d been taken against
her will, but now there was nothing here. 
“I’ll go and make
some tea,” her mother said. 
She saw her
brother and who she guessed was her little sister. 
Still, nothing of
her. 
Like she’d been
wiped out of existence. 
“It’s so good to
have you here,” he said. 
Looking at her
father, she wondered why, so she asked. 
“I don’t
understand. You’re our daughter, Mandy.”
She stared at him
again. Didn’t he see the truth right in front of him? 
“I came to tell
you to stop pressuring Lewis. What you’re doing is not fair to him.”
“He’s keeping you
from us.”
She shook her
head. “No, he’s not. I’m the one deciding what I want.”
“You’re in no
position to make that judgment.”
Mandy snorted.
“And you think you are.”
“I’m your father.”
“You stopped
looking! You gave up. Moved away and stopped looking. You had another little
girl to replace me.”
“You were never
replaced.”
“There’s not a
single picture of me,” she said. Her anger, her rage of years gone by, built to
a fever pitch inside her. 
“It hurt to see
you.” Her mother walked into the room, putting a tray of cups filled with tea. 
Mandy clenched her
hands into fists. She felt sick with how annoyed they were making her. 
“We asked Lewis if
we could see you, honey,” her mother said, perching on the arm of Ryan’s chair.
“He wouldn’t let us. We just wanted to see you.”
“I begged him not
to. I didn’t want to see you. I wanted nothing to do with you.” Her words
caused them pain, she could see. “They told me you gave up on me. That you’d
moved on. The men that took me. made sure that I knew how easy it was for you.
You say looking at my picture hurt. You don’t have any idea what true pain or
hurt feels like. I was alive! I was begging for you to find me. You don’t know
what it was like. What it was like to be held down, to be trained for what I
had to do. You think I want to sit here, drinking tea? I’m struggling to even
look at you without remembering what those monsters did to me. How they used
your life against me. I was forgotten. You were my own parents, and you forgot
me. Instead, an eighteen-year-old boy didn’t give up. He never gave up on me
when you did.”
“Mandy—”
“I’m not ready for
this. I only came today to ask you to leave him alone. He’s done everything to
protect me. Don’t make this hard for him. I’m a grown woman. I’ve seen things
that would disgust you. Don’t make this about yourselves.” With that, she stood
up, and without looking back, went to the waiting car. Climbing inside, she
closed her eyes and took some very deep breaths. She’d done it.
She had seen them.

Mandy didn’t feel
happy or sad. She felt … gutted. 
They hadn’t made
it easy for her, not once. The family they had together, she was no longer part
of. 
She couldn’t go
back to being the ten-year-old girl. There was no way she’d ever get that
innocence back. 
Nor did she want to go back. All she wanted to do
was move forward. 
What she hoped for
more was having Lewis in her life. He was the one constant that helped to
ground her, and she wished with all of her heart that she could make him happy.








Chapter Four
 
The journey to his
island went without a hitch. Mandy didn’t talk much, and Lewis had already
figured out why. She had gone to see her parents, and he was guessing it hadn’t
gone that well. 
She’d told him
that he wouldn’t have any problems from them anymore. He wondered what was
said, what she’d seen. 
Entering his home,
the windows were open as Cynthia, the housekeeper, had aired the house for him
prior to him coming. She lived on the main island, and he’d hired her to keep
an eye on his home on his island, which was surrounded by beaches and the
beautiful ocean. The sunshine was a dream. He’d bought the island as a treat
for Mandy after he made his first billion. 
Yes, he’d
purchased an island for her even before he’d found her. 
He’d never been
here for a long stay, just one day or two to look over the construction of the
home. 
“I can’t believe
you own this,” she said. 
“Yep. It was a
rather luxurious purchase, don’t you think?” he asked. 
“You own private
jet pads and jets. I shouldn’t be surprised that it extended to something as
luxurious as this.”
“I love the finer
things in life.”
“And of course
they love you.”
“After you,” he
said. 
She opened the
main door, and once inside, he took a breath. He felt at peace for the first
time. 
“Wow, this is
amazing,” she said, moving into the large sitting room. She dropped down and
stretched out. “You really worked your ass off for a place like this.”
He’d always hoped
to see her like this. 
Placing their bags
on the floor, he moved toward the sofa and lifted her legs, taking a seat and
placing them over his lap. 
“You like it?” he
asked. 
“I love it.” She
sighed. “It feels so … serene.”
Resting his elbow
on the back of the sofa, he stroked her ankle. “Are you going to tell me what
happened with your parents? Or am I going to get the silent treatment?”
She grabbed a
pillow, resting it in front of her chest, holding it close. “Have you seen
their new place? Like stood inside it, and seen it?”
He shook his head.
“Nope.”
“It’s like every
single other house up and down that street. No character, no nothing. I didn’t
like it. It felt so utterly cold. I’m sounding lame now.”
“Not at all.”
She rolled her
eyes, and then he saw a tear begin. “They have so many pictures. Lots of them
everywhere. None of them have me in them. They said it was too painful for me
to be there. That kind of sucks. It sucked a lot.”
He leaned over and
wiped the tears from her eyes. 
“You didn’t have
to go to them. I was happy to deal with them.”
“I don’t want you
to deal with everything. It’s not fair to you, Lewis. I can handle them. I
should be able to, right? I’m after all their daughter.” She sighed. “Sorry. I
don’t want your vacation to be about this.”
“Everything about
you concerns me. It always will.”
“You’re a good
guy. One of the best.”
Silence fell, and
he stared into her eyes. He rubbed her ankle and felt happy. Being home, he
could finally relax and take it easy. 
“It didn’t take
you long to organize this,” she said, changing the subject.
“No. Cynthia, the
woman I hired, she’s amazing. She checks on it every single week for me. I pay
her to do this, but she knows what I like and how I like it.” He patted her
knee. “Tour time.”
She groaned. “I
want to sleep.”
“Not happening.
It’s still light out, and we’re going to get used to this day and not any
other.” He grabbed her arm, and helped to pull her up so that she was standing.
Keeping hold of her hand, he moved out of the sitting room, across to the
dining room.
He liked having a
great deal of space, and even though the table was large, one day he did hope
to have a family. 
Moving from the
dining room, he took her to the kitchen. From there, he made his way to the
movie room, then the game room, and finally a library. “Of course, paper books
are a dying breed, and it’s all about the e-book now. I love a good book,
though. There’s something about opening a book, smelling the pages as you turn
it.”
“I always did
think you were weird.”
He took her
upstairs, showing her each room. Two had been made up, both of them next to
each other. His bed had black sheets, and hers were purple. The French doors
opened up onto a patio for them to enjoy breakfast together, and of course to
look out around them. 
From there, he led
her outside toward the pool. 
“Because the ocean
isn’t big enough?” she asked. 
“Nah, and what if
there’s sharks out there?”
She gasped. “Are
you for real? Sharks?”
“It’s an ocean,
and at any time they can go off current. You never know what you could find.”
“The pool is a
fantastic idea. I love swimming,” she said. 
Lewis burst out
laughing. “You’re still so funny to tease.”
“You’re not funny.
No matter how hard you try to be. It’s not a funny or even a cute trait.”
“It’s funny. I’m a
funny guy.”
She sighed. “I am
going to have a shower, freshen up, and I’ll meet you in twenty minutes.”
“Sure.” 
He watched her go.
She looked happy, and if coming to this island made her so, he’d gladly do it
for her. He wanted to make her happy more than anything. 
Grabbing his cell
phone, he dialed Blake. 
“You’re there safe
and alive?” Blake asked. 
“That I am. We’re
here, and everything is set up.”
“I called our
contact in the local force and let him know what we’re doing, and what’s going
down. He’s going to keep an eye on everything on his end.” There was some
movement, and Lewis paused in grabbing his bag. “He thinks there’s a snitch on
the force.”
“What do you
mean?”
“Someone who’s
paid to look the other way, and to give some information.”
“How does he
know?” Lewis asked. 
“He’s noticed a
couple of guys have been asking a lot of questions about Anna’s case and also
Mandy’s. Mostly Mandy’s, and the rumors attached to how she got out, and where
the information came from. He doesn’t want me to contact him until he has more
information.”
“If there’s a
snitch on the force that could be how the traffickers know we’re onto them,”
Lewis said. 
“It makes sense
though, right? They have to be able to transfer girls, Lewis. That doesn’t come
without a set of eyes everywhere. I need you to ask Mandy if there are any
contacts within law enforcement, and more specifically how we can get them to
out themselves.”
“I’ll ask.”
Disconnecting the call, Lewis made his way upstairs to his room. 
If someone was
asking about Mandy specifically, that could mean they knew she was their source.

Would they try to
get her back simply to torture her, to make an example out of her, or would
they kill her immediately?
Entering his room,
he began to put away the clothes that he’d packed, several pairs of trousers,
jeans, and some shorts, shirts, and sweaters, along with a variety of shoes and
boxers. 
Sitting on the
edge of his bed, he tried to think of anything other than what was waiting for him
and Mandy back home. 
Until they took
out the men who knew Mandy, there was no way she was ever going to be safe.
They would keep hunting. They’d keep looking until she was dead or once again
in their clutches. 
He couldn’t lose
her again.
There was a knock
on the connecting door, and he called for her to come in. 
She was wrapped in
a robe. “So, I was thinking we could start this fun party with a quick dive
into the pool. What do you think?” she asked. She swung one end of the belt
around in a circle. “Do you want to come and play?”
Thinking about
Blake’s warning, he released a sigh. 
“Okay, I get the
sense that you’re about to give bad news, but you know what? This is our
vacation together. That bad news is not allowed unless we have some fun.”
“We need to talk.”
“And it can wait.”
She rushed into his room, and grabbed his hand. “Come on! Have some fun! Teach
me how to have fun.”
Seeing the look in
her eyes, Lewis was a goner. “Fine, fun.”
“Yay.” She jumped
up and down, and clapped her hands. “Last one in the pool is a rotten egg.”
****
Mandy didn’t know
how she had gotten to be a rotten egg. She’d been in her bathing suit and near
the pool. Within seconds, Lewis had thrown his shirt over his head and hit the
water before she’d even gotten to the edge of the pool. 
“Rotten egg,” he
said, breaking the surface. 
“That’s not fair.
You’re not even in bathing trunks.”
“So? They’re still
briefs, and they’re like trunks. It’s good enough for me.” He floated along the
surface, showing his “trunks.” 
“You cheated.”
“Now you’re
creating rules because you don’t like the fact you’re a loser.”
She climbed into
the pool and gave him a wide berth. 
“Is that the game
you’re going to play?”
“You cheated.”
“I did not. You
didn’t mention once that there were rules. Before calling rotten egg, you
should have said so.”
She rolled her
eyes, but knew he was right. She was just teasing him, having fun. 
He’d always tag
her as a kid, and they’d run home. 
Her brother often
thought it was a childish game. She loved it, though. When it came to Lewis,
she had loved him for a long time. 
Lewis swam beside
her, and she smiled at him. “I was only playing around.”
“I know. You
couldn’t stay angry with me for long.” His hands wrapped around her waist, and
he lifted her up, and then brought her down into the water. 
By the time she
broke the surface, she was laughing. She couldn’t help it. “You’re a complete
nut.”
“You love it.” 
She did love it. 
As she splashed water
on him, he did the same to her, and for over an hour, they goofed around in the
pool. For the first time since being a kid, she felt carefree. It was a nice
feeling, and not one she wanted to lose. 
Lewis left the
pool first, and when he came out from the house, he held a bottle of sunscreen.
“You’re going to burn.”
“I want to burn. I
don’t want to get out of the water.” She floated on her back and stared up at
the sky. It was so clear, so bright, and so perfect. 
She never wanted
to leave this moment. 
Sunburn hurt
though, so she climbed out of the pool and walked toward him. Sitting down on
the chair, she took the towel he gave her and began to dry off. 
“I love the pool.”
“I’m glad. It’s
hot out, and I don’t see it letting up for some time.”
“Nah, it probably
won’t. That’s the bonus of having a pool to cool off in.” After she was dried,
she sat still as Lewis rubbed the sunscreen into her flesh. She loved his touch
more than anything. His fingers were gentle, and his touch aroused her in ways
that she didn’t think were possible. Reality was setting in. Before coming down
to the pool, he’d wanted to talk. She couldn’t shirk her duties any longer.
He’d given her this time, and it was now time for her to find out what he
wanted to know. “What did you want to talk about?”
“It can wait.”
“No. Please tell
me. I don’t want you to be burdened by this alone. I can help. I want to help.”
She felt him
pause. 
“Blake called. He
spoke to our contact in law enforcement. Some people have been asking a lot of
questions about Anna’s case, but more about yours. He thinks someone is a snitch
and is trying to find us.”
“Or find me.”
“Did they pay men
to look the other way?”
She sighed. “Yes.
Sometimes it wasn’t money either. They’d loan girls out to them for an agreed
period of time. They, erm, they sometimes didn’t come back.”
“They killed
them.”
Mandy nodded.
“They would … the agreement was that the girls they picked belonged to them.
They could do with them as they wanted. Some of the men were violent, and they
would beat the girls. Others did not. There’s someone in every single town or
city. It’s a black market that pays a lot of money, but again it comes with
risks. You get to find out people’s weaknesses. If someone is asking questions,
then they’re probably working for the traffickers.”
“How do we find
them? Stop them?”
“If they’re paid
with a girl, unless you have someone following them, you can’t get that
information. The guys that I knew would pay with cash as well, which could be
traced back. Especially if they were dumb enough to put a large sum in their
bank, or even an offshore account.”
“Were you ever
given to a cop?” he asked.
Mandy sighed. This
was her past. “Yes.” She turned to look at him. 
“Son of a bitch.”
Lewis stood up, and she watched as he grabbed a potted plant and threw it
across the garden. It smashed on the ground. “I can’t … I want to protect you.”
“You are
protecting me.”
“No. I want to
take everything that they did to you and fucking obliterate it. I don’t want
you to remember. I should have run harder. Fuck! I shouldn’t have turned my
back on you. I was watching you, and for a split second I was focused on
something else.”
Getting to her
feet, she moved toward him and gripped his face. Pressing her forehead to his,
she tried to get him to focus. 
“What happened is
not your fault, Lewis.”
“I should have
saved you.”
“You did save me. I’m right here. I’m in
front of you now, and we can work together to help others. You’re not a
monster. You’re a wonderful, hardworking man. No one can ever take that away
from you. You’re amazing.” She pressed her lips against his. “So amazing. I
can’t even put into words what I think. You never gave up. You’re a fighter.”
“Your memories.”
“They’re my own,
and not for you to think about. You gave me my freedom. Don’t let me see you
suffer for helping me. I couldn’t bear to see that.” She wrapped her arms
around him, needing him more than anything in her life. 
After a few
seconds, he finally wrapped his arms around her, holding her close. 
Closing her eyes,
she counted to ten, then to twenty. Opening her eyes, she was still on Lewis’s
island. He’d given her everything. She wished that she could give him just as
much peace as he did her. 
“I was sitting at
a dinner several years ago. A group of the guys who sold and dealt in girls
were talking about the best way to ship girls and get cops to look the other
way. They described the men that they were interested in. There were two types
of men. The ones that had nothing, a bad reputation on the force, who would do
anything for money. They were the best kinds to bring in for a quick fix to a
problem. Most of the time they didn’t like working with them. They always
betrayed you, and always went to the highest bidder. There’s always someone
around with more money who could buy them out. The people they loved were the
ones with morals. Men who struggled with the decision to look the other way but
were getting a bit on in years, and realized that their jobs were not going to
give them a great retirement. The guys who had kids in college, were
struggling, and could use the extra cash. They hated what they did but had no
choice. In doing so, they had a lot more to lose.” She pulled away and looked
at him. “Get your guy to look for those two kinds of men, then to look at them
closely. See if they’re the ones asking a lot of questions.”
Mandy pressed a
kiss to his cheek and stepped away. She picked up her robe and made her way
toward her bedroom. 
Pulling out a
notebook, she opened the page, and stared down at her last words. 
“I don’t want to do this. I’ve got a wife, kids,
grandkids. So much money, and I can’t earn that in a year.” Those were the
words he spoke to me as if it made everything that he was doing okay. 
He’d not touched me.
It was like he needed me to see that he wasn’t a bad
man. 
Anyone who could look the other way was a bad man.
Anyone who could take money while women and children were sold off like cattle
didn’t deserve respect. He’d helped to take my life away from me. Why should I
help him?
Closing the book,
Mandy released a sigh she hadn’t even realized she was holding. The cop she was
speaking of had been a complete no one to her. She’d been with her kidnappers
for five years by then. Fifteen years old, forced to sit and listen to a man
justify his actions. 
He didn’t last
long. His conscience had gotten to him, and she later found out that he’d committed
suicide. 
So much hate in
the world. 
She wasn’t going
to get away. 
The threat was
already there. She didn’t know if Lewis saw it. They knew she was alive, and
they were going to come for her. 
If they ever got
her, she’d not survive it. 
Running her
fingers over the notebook, she knew it was important for her to tell her story.








Chapter Five
 
Jamie looked
through every single man on the force that could match that description.
Running a hand down his face, he tried to wake himself up. The threat to Mandy
and the club was a real one. 
Russ and the guys
had all agreed that Lewis and Mandy needed to disappear so that they could find
the people who’d hurt their friends. 
“Any news?” Blake
asked, coming to sit beside him. They were working in Blake’s house, where most
of the communications were coming through. 
“Not a whole lot.
I’ve narrowed it down to ten possibilities. It depends on what you consider
desperate, though.” He pulled up the files and waited as Blake ran through
them. “A history of violence, the chance of a suspension without pay. Would
that drive a man to look the other way?”
“We’re going to
need to narrow this down,” Blake said. “Mandy was very specific. Two types of
men.”
“I get that, but
men do shit for different reasons. Desperation comes in many different forms,
and can be for a variety of reasons.” He was totally beat on this. “Any other
news?”
“There’s been a
call out for a woman meeting Mandy’s description.”
Jamie sat up. He
didn’t like this, not one bit. “What kind of a call out?”
“Someone has put a
reward for Mandy to be delivered dead or alive. Once they have her, you’re
given an address to deliver her,” Blake said. 
“Lewis doesn’t
know this?”
“No, and I don’t
want to warn him either. This has consumed his life. All he’s wanted is to get
that girl safe, and I can’t say that I blame him. We can’t even imagine what
she went through, and you know what, I don’t want to. What I want to do is put
the bastards to ground that still pose a risk to her. The reward is for five
million.”
“Holy shit. That’s
fucking high.”
“Because she knows
shit, and has been helping us. We’ve got to keep her safe. Everyone but Lewis
knows. Providing they stay on that island, they’ll be safe. No one knows where
they are, and I want to keep it that way.”
“What if they find
out?” Jamie asked. No one knew the location of Lewis’s island, only that he had
one and it was his dream place. Unless someone really wanted to know every
little detail of Lewis’s properties, there wasn’t an easy way to find it.
“They better not.
We’ve got a job to do. Russ wants Lewis to have a break. We all know he won’t
take one if he feels there’s a threat. He’ll do the work here, and try to keep
an eye on Mandy. He can’t do everything,” Blake said.
Jamie understood.
Sometimes it took friends being a little manipulative to help those closest to
them. 
Lewis needed them,
and they would always be there for him. 
****
“There’s no sign
of her anywhere, sir.” 
Elijah looked at
the file he’d been given and was pissed off. The men he employed were fucking
thick. Mandy wasn’t going to be on the streets like some little whore, nor was
she going to be anywhere she knew they were. She had been his greatest success.
Even now, he recalled seeing her skipping outside of her house, her hair in two
pigtails. 
Chubby as well. 
A fighter. 
He’d watched her
for a year, learning everything about her, so when he called her over to him,
she had started something she probably didn’t even realize. 
At first, he’d
intended to sell her to the highest bidder. Children went for a lot of money,
but again, they tended to be quite dangerous. 
She’d fought like
a little hellcat in the beginning. He’d given her challenges and she’d
disappointed him, but most of the time, he’d been proud of her. 
Then of course he
discovered after all the years together, she had betrayed him. Helped those who
would take from him what was his. 
He’d not been able
to live with that. 
She should have
been dead. 
Elijah had left
her broken, bleeding, and on death’s door. Only, death hadn’t come for her. He
was sure of it. 
She had been
rescued, and before then, he was getting more and more reports of girls being
freed. His men being killed or locked up. It had taken him a long time to
suspect it was Mandy. He should have known, but he’d been too fucking full of
himself to believe the bitch would cross him. No matter how many times he’d
beaten her, she’d not fallen, not like he’d believed.
The only person
besides himself and his closest allies who knew how he worked, how they all
worked, was Mandy. His little submissive slave. It was getting harder for him
to conduct his business. Mandy knew everything. She’d witnessed everything, and
he needed her head, and that fucking MC dead.
She was working
for them. 
She was helping
them. 
That was fine. 
One day, she’d
screw up, or the people she was with would screw up. She’d belong to him once
again. If she thought her first time with him was a nightmare, he’d make sure
she went to hell and back before he allowed her to die. 
Just the thought
of everything he was going to do to her put a smile on his face. Anticipation
was something he relished. 
****
Lewis finished
reading the line of poetry, and Mandy pretended to snore. 
“It’s supposed to
be romantic and sweet.”
“It’s boring. How
can you read that stuff and not laugh?”
“Because I like
poetry. I find that it relaxes me.”
“It’s a bunch of bull
that a lot of real old guys wrote to help get a girl into bed. It’s dull.” She
rested her head against his knee. 
“You’re just not
opening your mind to it.” He stroked some hair out of her face and smiled down
at her. “What don’t you like about it?”
“It’s boring. I
mean seriously, it doesn’t even rhyme, and all poetry should.”
“There is just no
pleasing some women.” He twirled one of her dark curls around his finger,
teasing the length. “What do you like then?”
“I don’t know. I
like reading a good book with a great deal of romance.” He snorted. “You can
snort all you want to. There’s nothing wrong with reading romance. I love it,
and you’ve just got to ‘open your mind to it.’” She used his words against him.

Lewis smiled.
“Then I’ll give it a try.”
“You really
should.” She looked up at him and smiled. “This is nice.”
“It is. I’ve not
known peace and quiet like this in some time.” He’d spoken to Cameron, and
completed several of the contracts she needed him to sign, and of course looked
through for possible problems. There was no way he’d ever be able to remain on
this island indefinitely. He was missing the small things at the moment. The
traffic on his way to work. Taking the elevator to his office. The guys at the
club. 
What he did enjoy
about being on the island was his uninterrupted time with Mandy. 
“What are you
thinking right now?”
“That I love being
here with you. I miss the club and work. It’s rather strange some of the things
you miss.”
“I know. I
actually miss heading to college. Sitting in class, listening to him talk about
everything and nothing. It’s relaxing in a really weird way.” She reached up,
taking hold of his hand and locking their fingers together. “Please tell me
you’re at least relaxing.”
“I’m relaxing. How
could I not?” They had been here a couple of days, and he’d enjoyed every
single moment with her. They got up, enjoyed breakfast, then took a long walk
down the beach. He’d try to read poetry to her, or think of something else to
do. 
When he was
working she either went to the pool, or he found her at the beach looking out
at the ocean. 
He’d find himself
just watching her. 
Lewis had lost
count of the number of times he’d looked out of his office, or simply drifted
off, and imagined her being sitting there, watching something. 
“I want you to
relax. The guys do as well.”
There hadn’t been
any update from them either. No phone call, nothing. He didn’t know what was
going on, and he hated that. 
“Tell me about the
club.”
“The Billionaire
Bikers?”
“Yes. Talk to me,
tell me everything.”
“I’ve already done
that,” he said. 
“Do it again. I
want to hear absolutely everything.” She sat up and crossed her legs. It had
been a couple of years since they had found her, and she’d put on some weight
since then. When they’d first rescued her, she’d had to spend a lot of time in
the hospital to recover the beating from the broken bones, internal bleeding,
and then afterward, she’d suffered from memory loss. Lewis didn’t know how long
it was after she had gotten her memory back before she told him the truth. At
the time she’d been so frail, so weak, and now she was strong, fuller, curvier.
Since then, she’d been helping them every single step of the way while also
trying to get her life back on track.
Lewis noticed the
fullness of her body and the smile that she rarely gave out to anyone else, but
was always doing for him. 
She was nearing
thirty years old. Most of her young life had been taken from her. 
He rubbed at his eyes,
trying to clear his mind. 
“I’d become
friends with Russ first. We had seen this club rolling through the city, and
both of us loved our bikes, and he knew that I was trying to find you. It was
the Chaos Bleeds crew, and this was a few years back. They just rode without a
care in the world. After a time, we found other men of similar wealth, and with
similar backgrounds. Most of them came from nothing. They knew about my family,
and I told them about my wish. About helping women that had been taken, and
after we’d been formed for a couple of months, and we’d enjoyed our fun and
fleshed out the club, I told them about you. They wanted to help. Our wealth
combined was out of this world. Most of them had come from the streets, the
foster system. We’d all been pushed to one side, and tried to be manipulated at
some point in our lives. Now, we wanted to stop those who would do that. Who’d
silence the weak and the innocent. To a couple of the guys in the club they’d
say it was just about getting the women, or riding the bike, or having a lot of
fun with the title MC. They love screwing with other men, and I have to say I
find it a lot of fun as well.” This made her laugh. “We’re not your bare-knuckle
fighters on the streets. We don’t even want to take credit for what we’ve done.
All we want to do is help people, and to do that, we have to be on the front
line for it all. We have to get our hands dirty, and not one of us is afraid of
doing that.”
He’d told her this
story in the hospital while she’d been in a coma, then afterward when her
memory was gone, and then when her memory had come back. 
“Why do you love
hearing that?” he asked. 
“It fills me with
hope, Lewis. That maybe when you’re listening to what you say, you’ll see all
the fantastic things that you’ve done. You’re not a monster. You’re not like
those men who took us. You can’t save them all, but those that you can save, it
makes you a hero.”
“I’m not a hero.”
She sighed. “The
men who fought in battle, who come home with medals. Do you think they would rather
have their fallen instead? The one thing I’ve learned from my life experience
is that you can’t save them all. You can try, and you can blame yourself so
easily. But there are those that don’t blame you. There are women and girls
tonight sitting at home, in the comfort and safety of that home, thinking of
you and your club. The people who didn’t give up on them. To be a fighter in
this world, Lewis, you need to see the good that you’re doing. Nothing else.” 
****
Mandy hoped that
she was getting through to him. She wanted him to see that no matter what, he
wasn’t to blame for the people he couldn’t save. He was always putting everyone
else’s problems on his shoulders, and he shouldn’t. 
If Lewis wasn’t
careful he was going to work himself into the ground, and then he wouldn’t be
able to help anyone at all. 
She patted his
hand. “I’m going to head to bed.” 
Getting to her
feet, she made her way upstairs. Entering her room, she went straight for the
shower. She removed her clothes then climbed into the stall, allowing the cool
spray to soak her overheated skin. 
When they had been
in his apartment, she had found herself becoming more attracted to him as time
went on. With Lewis reading poetry to her, and just the magnetism of the man,
she couldn’t stop thinking of him as a man. 
Should she want
someone after the life she’d had? 
Lewis wasn’t just any
guy, though. He was the guy she had always wanted. The man of her dreams. The
person she’d thought about even when life got a little too tough for her. He
was the man who’d saved her. 
All in all, he was
her hero in more ways than he could even imagine. She didn’t know how to tell
him that truth, though. 
Lifting her face
to the spray of the water, her body felt overheated. Her breasts felt heavy as
did her nipples. Just touching them, she felt sensitive, needy. 
Hearing him talk
about the club usually helped her to deal and to focus. 
She shouldn’t be
having sexual fantasies about Lewis. They were not here for that. They were
here for a vacation and some protection while the club discovered the leak, and
the problem. 
Resting her hands
on her neck, she closed her eyes and tried to ignore the need rushing through
her body, begging for attention. Slowly, she let one hand fall from her neck
down over her breasts. Just the touch to her nipple and she bit her lip to
stifle her moan. She couldn’t handle the rush of pleasure, and she reached out
to rest her hand against the tiled wall. 
She was panting as
if she’d run a marathon, and her heart was racing wildly. 
Keeping her hand
on the wall for balance, she cupped her breast, feeling the weight of it in her
hand, stroking the palm against her nipple. 
The pleasure
rushed to her clit, and she moaned as heat flooded her pussy. Stroking her
fingers down her stomach, resting on her pussy, she opened her eyes. She’d not
touched herself in a very long time. 
Not felt like a
woman in a lifetime. 
Slowly, she
slipped a finger between her folds, and when she found wetness, she felt
ecstatic. Arousal was something that had always been foreign to her. She’d
never experienced the rush of pleasure, the warmth, the arousal. Everything in
her life had been about faking it. 
Pushing a finger
within her, she drew it back to play with her clit. 
The hand resting
on the wall turned into a fist at the unexpected pleasure a simple stroke could
make. 
Closing her eyes
once again, she thought about Lewis. Everything else in her mind was pushed to
one side, and she thought about him and his rather rough fingers. 
The way he was
gentle with her. She got a rush out of his touch, just by the way he touched
her arm, or would tease her hair. She loved his hands on her. 
In her mind, she
changed what they were doing. She was no longer fully clothed but standing before
him completely naked, waiting for him to make the next move. Within seconds he
was naked. It was her fantasy after all, and Lewis shouldn’t be clothed. He
moved toward her, gripping the back of her neck and tilting her head back,
slamming his lips down on hers, claiming a kiss that was so fierce, filled with
such pent-up passion. She imagined the way he pulled her close and pressed her
against the bed. His hands moved down her body, spreading open her thighs. 
He’d tease between
her legs, and she watched as he licked his finger, tasting her. 
He kissed down her
body, moving between her legs, keeping them open as he tasted her, flicking his
tongue back and forth over her clit, drawing each little ripple of pleasure
from her. She stroked her clit, feeling the sudden build of pleasure, wanting it
more than anything else. 
She slammed her
palm flat against the wall and gasped as she hurtled over the edge. Her orgasm
rushed over her, shocking her with the force of it so that she pressed her
thighs together, trapping her hand there as well. 
The water fell
down her back, and slowly she opened her eyes. She felt … serene, beautiful,
and oh, so relaxed. Moving her hand from between her thighs, she rested it
against the wall, trying to focus on something, anything. 
Her body was
alive. 
She wanted Lewis. 
Her feelings for
him had only deepened, but what could she do? 
How could she tell
him what she wanted? 
Could he even be
attracted to her after knowing what happened? 
Even as she had
hope, there was no way it could work—or could it? 
She washed her body
and hair, then climbed out of the shower and wrapped a towel around her body. After
placing her clothing in the laundry basket, she left the bathroom and entered
her room. Standing in front of the full-length mirror, she stared at her
reflection. 
There were marks
from old scars, and memories from her past. She stared at them, and where once
she would have been ashamed to look at them, she no longer was. This had been
her past, her nightmare. She’d survived. 
Would Lewis want
her, though? She didn’t want to ruin their relationship, as she adored him.
Adored was too subtle a word. She loved him, mind, body, and soul. 
She’d do
everything in her power to keep him safe. 
Was there a way
she could ever be enough for him? 
 
Chapter Six
 
“Checkmate,” Lewis
said. 
He watched as
Mandy scrutinized the board and shook her head. “Chess is lame.”
This time he
couldn’t help but laugh. Whenever he outsmarted her, Mandy would always make
out the game was wrong, or it was boring. She was a very bad loser, but he also
found that utterly charming. 
“What else would
you like to play?”
She crossed her
legs, and his gaze was drawn to her body. It was a warm, sunny day, and they
were sitting outside. She wore a one-piece bathing suit in a rich blue color.
In the past couple of days, she’d actually begun to tan. With each passing day,
he’d seen a smile on her lips, and what he hated most, he was starting to
really see her. 
He loved Mandy.
There was no denying that. She’d been his obsession for a long time, and now,
when he looked at her, he felt desire. 
Was he allowed to
feel desire after knowing what she went through? 
“I’m going to take
a swim in the pool,” she said, gathering her hair up into a ponytail. He stared
at her neck, wondering if her pulse would rush if he kissed her there. 
The desire he was
feeling wouldn’t go away. His cock began to harden, and guilt ate away at him. 
Mandy was a very
beautiful, very sexy woman. 
“Are you coming
for a swim?”
“I’ll join you in
a minute,” he said. 
She nodded, and he
watched her go, his gaze drawn to her full, rounded ass. 
You shouldn’t be thinking those things.
He’d been able to
put any kind of attraction to the back of his mind. Between work and the club,
he didn’t have to worry about his feelings for Mandy. But being alone together
on an island, he couldn’t handle it, and was finding it really difficult to
focus on anything else but how damn good it would be to have Mandy in his bed. 
She jumped into
the water and broke the surface seconds later, laughing so loud it brought a
smile to his lips. 
“That water is so
good,” she said. “Come on, champion, come on in.”
“I’m a champion
now?”
“Every single game
we’ve played, you’ve won. I can’t even win a game of cards. You’re no fair at
all.”
“You’d like me to
make it easy for you.” He stood up and moved toward the edge of the pool,
crouching down and resting his arms on his thighs. “You’d like me to give up
the game?”
“You’ve been
playing these games a lot longer than I have.” She moved toward the edge of the
pool. “The least you could do is help a girl out.”
“You don’t strike me
as the kind of girl who likes to make things easy,” he said. 
“I love having
things be easy, Lewis. Sometimes I like the simple things in life.” Her gaze
fell over his body and he saw the wicked glint in her eye, seconds before she
grabbed his shirt front and pulled him into the pool. 
Standing up, he
heard her laughing, and he spun around to find her in the same place, her arms
resting on the edge of the pool. 
“Gotcha,” she
said. 
He began to
unbutton his shirt, peeling it off and throwing it over her head to land on the
ground with a wet slop. 
Next, he removed
his pants and did the same to them. 
“If you wanted me
in the pool all you had to do was ask.” He moved toward her and leaned in
close, putting his watch onto the side of the pool. It was waterproof, so he
didn’t mind if it got wet. 
Staring into
Mandy’s eyes, he waited for her to say something. 
“Where would the
fun be in that?” she said. She pressed her hands against his chest, and he
wanted her touch. 
“You’ve got to be
careful who you play with, Mandy. Sometimes you risk playing with fire.”
Was it him or did
her eyes flash with desire? 
“Sometimes, Lewis,
I like playing with fire. It gets tiring being so lonely, so cold, and you need
a little fire to warm you up from the inside out.”
They were not
talking about playtime anymore. 
“What do you
mean?” he asked. 
Her gaze fell from
his and stared at her hands on his chest. His cock was already rock-hard from
being close to her. 
The bathing suit
molded to her curves, and he saw the outline of her nipples. One of her hands
on his chest moved up and cupped the back of his neck. 
He returned his
attention to her face. She pulled him down, and then her lips were on his. Her
grip tightened, and she didn’t pull away. 
She opened her
mouth and slid her tongue against his lips. He couldn’t not hold her close. Moving one of his hands to her hips and the
other to the back of her neck, he kissed her back with a passion that he’d been
denying himself. 
Drawing her ever
closer, he pressed his raging cock against her stomach.
Plunging his
tongue into her mouth, he heard and felt her moan as he kissed her. She didn’t
pull away or fight for him to stop. She held him close. 
The kiss went on,
and even as he broke away, he didn’t want to, but felt he had to. Her eyes were
still closed, and he watched as she bit her lip, smiling as she did before
opening them. 
“That was
amazing,” she said. She cupped his cheek and pressed her head against his. 
“You’re sure?”
“I’m not fragile,
Lewis. I won’t break at a kiss.” She tilted her head back. “Don’t think that I
will.”
He teased her hair
back, tucking it behind her ear. His movements were slow as he didn’t want to
startle her. 
“When I’m with you
the entire world fades away, and I can imagine anything. You’ve given me the
freedom to do that, Lewis.” She pressed another kiss to his lips and pulled
away. “I really do hope you can see that. I’m not going to break down and cry.
I’ve done that.”
She stepped away,
and he watched as she began to swim away from him. His lips still tingled from
where they had kissed. He stood in the pool with a raging hard-on, but his only
interest was Mandy. 
Time passed, and
he decided to climb out of the pool and check in with the club. It had been a
couple of days since he’d gotten an update, and he wanted one. At least
something to take his mind off his dick. 
He put the call
through to Jamie, and it took several rings for him to answer. 
“You’re meant to
be enjoying a break,” Jamie said. 
“I am. It’s all
great and fun. What’s going on? You know we’re here to protect Mandy. It’s not
supposed to be an actual break.”
“Technically it
is. We all needed you to take a break. A dead club member wouldn’t be good for
us. We’d be weak.”
“Tell me where
we’re at.”
“We’ve narrowed it
down to ten men in total.”
“Send me the
details. I’ll have a look and see if I can spot anything.”
Jamie sighed. “You
don’t need to be here.”
“I need to do
something. I’m losing my mind.”
“I doubt that.
With Mandy there, I’m sure you’ve got a lot to keep you occupied.”
Lewis rubbed at
his eyes, thinking about the kiss. “Can I ask you something?”
“Go ahead.”
“Do you think it’s
right for me to … kiss her?”
“Why wouldn’t it
be? She’s of legal age.”
“Everything she’s
gone through. I don’t want to hurt her.”
There was silence
for several moments. Lewis waited, knowing that for as much as Jamie was a
joker, he also knew when to be serious. 
“She’s been
through a lot, but she’s still a woman, Lewis. You were her first crush. Even
you knew that, and then you rescued her. You’re her hero, and you can’t hold
what was done to her against her. I’d let Mandy take the lead on this. Trust
her. Know her. You’ll know and understand her better than anyone else. Above
all, trust your instincts. Not your fears. I’ll email you the list with the
details.”
Jamie disconnected
the call. 
His words hadn’t
helped Lewis at all. 
****
Mandy brushed
through her hair and stared at her reflection. They had kissed. Finally, after
what felt like a millennium, only now, she was … worried. He’d not taken a
swim. Instead, he’d watched her and then decided to leave the pool. 
Did he think she
couldn’t handle him?
Did he not want to
kiss her? 
She was so torn
up. 
Maybe he’d never
see her as desirable because of all the crap that went on in her past. 
Sitting down on
the edge of the bed, she twirled the brush in her fingers, wondering what to
do. She loved Lewis. 
He’d given her so
much. Could she even ask for something more? 
She dropped her
head down, staring at the brush. It was a simple thing in the world, a brush.
Mandy had a memory like so many others where a brush had been a reward. They’d
given it to her as if it was some great present for doing something right, and
she’d been allowed to take a shower. There had been so much control in her
life. Everything had to be earned, and of course she had to go through a power
struggle to get it. 
No matter what,
she had to submit. The list was endless. For clothes, food, water, brushes,
soap, even shoes, she had to submit to them. Everything came at a price. 
Placing the brush
on the bed, she got to her feet and made her way down to the dining room table
where Lewis had been for a couple of hours now. 
She stood in the
doorway, arms folded, waiting. 
He didn’t look up
at her, totally engrossed in his computer screen. 
“I enjoyed the
kiss,” she said. 
Finally, he lifted
his head up, and she had his attention. 
“Actually, I loved
the kiss. You do it really well.”
“I don’t want you
to think that you have to kiss me. That I’m demanding it as some kind of
reward.”
“I don’t for a
second believe that,” she said. “You’re not like them, Lewis. I’d never think
you were. You can’t be. You’re not taking something that I don’t want to give.”
She stared at him
… waiting. 
“What do you want,
Mandy?” he asked. 
That was the
biggest question. “I don’t want you to be afraid to kiss me, or touch me. I
want you to do that. I also don’t want you to freak out over the littlest
thing, if that is even possible.” She moved closer and rested her hand on the
table. Reaching out, she took hold of his hand and locked their fingers
together. “When I’m near, do you get attracted to me? Or do you just see the
girl who was taken? Or the broken woman in the hospital?”
“You’ve never been
broken. You’re a fighter. A survivor.”
She waited,
wondering if he’d add more or if he’d keep her waiting. She was so nervous.
Over the past few months, she had feared that Lewis would only ever see her as
a victim of what happened. That he’d never be able to get past it and see an
actual woman. A physical, desirable woman. 
“I’m attracted to
you, Mandy. I won’t lie to you. I did find it uncomfortable. I don’t want you
to ever think that I’m like those men.”
“There’s no way
you could ever be like that, Lewis. They are … monsters. You’re not. You’re a
great man.” She gave his hand a squeeze and sighed. “Let’s move on to what has
gotten you so wrapped up.” She took a chance and sat on his knee. 
He didn’t move
her, and for that she was grateful. His hand moved to her leg, and even though
she wanted to push his laptop away and kiss him, she didn’t. 
“Jamie sent me a
list of ten possible men who could be the leak.”
She pulled the
laptop closer and leaned forward, then began to scroll through the images, the
details. She’d gone through eight men when she froze and stared at a guy she
remembered well. Her fingers hovered over the laptop. 
“Mandy, what is
it?” he asked. 
“She’s very well-behaved. I’m shocked. I thought all
the bitches here would have a little fire inside them. She’s completely gone,
isn’t she?”
“Mandy is my greatest accomplishment. I never want to
part with her.” Elijah reached out and stroked her cheek. She didn’t pull away.

The only way to get through life was to pretend
nothing was happening. 
“I wish I had a bitch like that.”
“Your job is to make sure I can get more bitches like
this.”
“It’s him,” she
said, pulling out of the memory. She would recognize Robert Jones anywhere. He
was a horrible person. Considering he was a cop who should be enforcing the
law, he’d made it easy for all the traffickers instead. 
If Robert was
there, it meant Elijah wasn’t far behind. 
Their last meeting
hadn’t been pleasant, but he’d not made sure she was dead before he’d left. She
had known he’d gotten away. Elijah always had that tactic. He’d always been one
step ahead.
“What’s going on,
Mandy?” Lewis asked. 
“He’s always been
fantastic at making people look the other way. A shipment of girls was sent to
the local force some time ago. He didn’t work where he does now. I was sure
they’d come and get them. They never did. I later found out that Robert had
manipulated the facts, and they went to the wrong port. The girls were taken
and never seen again.” She leaned back in his arms. “I’d let Jamie know he’s
the guy you need to talk to.”
She got up and
moved away, heading out of the house. 
Mandy didn’t stop
until she hit the beach, feeling the dry sand beneath her feet. She walked all
the way to the edge, where the ocean lay. The day was still, the sun shining
down. It had always amazed her how powerful it was. That even when her day was
dark, the sun would always shine. 
She found strength
from it, one day hoping she’d be as bright as the sunshine. 
Elijah was close.
He was onto the club, and it would only be a matter of time before they
discovered the club and her. She could handle it. 
After all, she’d
been in his care for a lot longer than she really wanted to think about. 
It was everyone
else that she worried about. 
The Billionaire
Bikers MC did a fantastic job. They were relentless, and she adored that about
them. 
The wind began to
pick up, and as her hair thrashed around her, the ocean started to lap at her
feet. 
Lewis wrapped his
arms around her waist, pulling her back toward him. He rested his chin on her
shoulder and didn’t say a thing. She stared out at the vast ocean, wondering
what the hell she was going to do. 
She had to be
smarter. 
Think better than
Elijah. 
She had gotten to
know his moods, understand him better than he even realized. 
“Does Jamie know?”
“Yes, he knows,
and he’s going to deal with it.”
“If you take
Robert out, it will bring … him straight to you,” she said. 
“Who will it
bring, Mandy?”
She didn’t want to
say his name, and she closed her eyes. A couple of seconds passed, and she knew
she didn’t have a choice. There was no getting away from this. “It’ll bring
Elijah to you. Anyone who’s ever crossed him has ended up dead. He’s the one who
gave me the final sendoff that should have killed me.”
Lewis tensed
behind her, and she hated that she was the cause. There was nothing she could
do, though. 
She turned in his
arms, staring at him. “He’ll expect you to go after Robert. You’ve got to make
sure that Jamie doesn’t do that. Make your contact aware of who he is, what he
does. Let him know that if Robert is asking questions, he’s got a good reason
to be doing it.”
“We’re going to
handle this. I promise.”
She nodded her
head, believing him. 
“All he has ever
known is taking young women. I was his greatest success, so that he said if it
wasn’t for all the heat that came with a kid disappearing, he’d only snatch
young girls and train them as good as I was.”
Lewis tightened
his arms around her. 
“I hated him,
Lewis. I hated him more than anything else in the world. Every time I was with
him, I’d think about the different ways that I’d hurt him or kill him.”
“He won’t hurt
you, Mandy. I won’t let him get to you.” 
She relaxed
against him, needing his strength. 
Elijah was back,
and it only meant one thing. Either he or she would die. He wouldn’t stop, and
this time, neither would she. 
He’d fought her,
tried to break her down, and she’d relented to survive. 
Now it was
different. She wasn’t trapped within his world.
He was now coming
into her world, and if Robert was
there it only meant one thing. He considered her a threat. 
With that
revelation, Mandy smiled. 
What’s it like to be the bitch now? 







Chapter Seven
 
Jamie sat back and
ran a hand over his face, feeling fucking tired. It had been a long couple of
days, and Mandy had picked the son of a bitch out with just one look. He was
pissed off. He’d looked at Robert Jones’s profile and hadn’t been entirely
sure. 
He’d moved from
precinct to precinct, taking a lot of odd jobs over the years. Nothing had
actually stood out about him, though, and that was what pissed him off. He’d
not spotted it. 
This guy was
linked to someone else. Lewis had just called him back and warned him not to
let their informant sniff this guy out, to just be aware of him. 
Tapping his
fingers on the desk, Jamie stared at the fucker’s picture. Putting his fingers
into the shape of a gun, he made the noise of a shot. 
He hated guys like
this, the ones who abused their positions to help the crooks. 
This guy was worse
than the criminals in Jamie’s opinion. He’d never had a good one when it came
to the law, and this fucker didn’t help one bit. In fact, Jamie wanted to take
a shot at him himself. See how Robert liked being the hunted for a change. 
Jamie wondered how
many girls had been taken because of him luring the force elsewhere, or chasing
up bogus leads. 
“I’m going to have
my eye on you.”
His cell phone
began to buzz, and he looked at the caller ID, seeing it was Lewis’s building.
“Yello,” he said, laughing. 
“Hi, Jamie, I
don’t know who to call. There’s a, erm, cop here. He’s gone into Lewis’s office
and wouldn’t listen to me when I told him he wasn’t allowed. I’m nervous. Could
you come and help? I know it’s rude of me to call, but—”
“I’m on my way.
Tell me, Cameron, did the guy say his name?”
“Robert Jones.”
Jamie smiled. He
was going to have some fun right now. 
Closing down his
computer, he jumped into his car and made his way toward Lewis’s building. They
all worked in buildings quite close to each other, so it didn’t take him long
to get there. Parking his car in Lewis’s spot, he walked onto the elevator and
fixed his jacket, tie, and in the reflection of the metal, made sure he looked
every part his billionaire self. 
The doors opened
up, and he saw Cameron standing a couple of feet away from Lewis’s open door. 
Her hands were
clenched together, and he saw how nervous she was. 
“Hey, darling,” he
said, moving toward her. 
“I don’t like him.
He keeps asking questions, and Lewis told me to never answer them.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll
handle this. Go and get yourself a coffee.”
He leaned against
the doorway as Robert Jones, in the flesh, rummaged around Lewis’s office. 
“You know, for a
guy of the law, you’re invading someone’s right to privacy. You don’t even have
a warrant.”
Robert looked up,
clearly surprised to see a man there. 
This guy had no
respect for women, and Jamie was pissed that he’d made Cameron nervous. 
“I should call a
lawyer, and I think we’ve got enough security footage to prove that you are
just another cop who’ll take the law into your own hands. I wonder what your
boss will think of your face and his precinct being splashed across the evening
news.”
He’d made Robert
uneasy. 
That was good.
Robert moved from
around the desk. He wore a rumpled jacket, and was clearly out of his element. 
“I’m looking for
Lewis Cox.”
“Can’t help you.
He’s on vacation.”
“I have some important
questions regarding Mr. Cox’s involvement with one of my cases. It’s classified
information, and I can’t discuss that with just anyone.”
“I’ve not heard of
Lewis being involved with anything. He’s a guy who specializes in technology.
You’re going to have to check your sources again.”
“Have you ever
heard of the Billionaire Bikers MC?”
“Sounds like a
joke to me,” Jamie said. “I don’t know when Lewis will be getting back, but I
will certainly pass on the message that you’ve been looking.”
“Mandy, the girl’s
name is.”
Jamie raised a
brow. “And?”
Robert moved
toward him, and stood close, trying to threaten him. Jamie stood tall and
stared right into Robert’s eyes, hoping that he’d slip up. 
Come on, you disgusting fucker. Give me one good
reason.
“She’s an
important part of the case. Her knowledge could help bring down men and stop
them from hurting any more women.”
“Really. Okay, I’m
really going to have to make some noise if this is what my tax money is going to.
You need some new training with how you deal with the big boys. Right now,
you’re being really vague about what you want and what you don’t want.”
Robert’s eye
twitched. “I’ve seen things your ass hasn’t even seen.”
Jamie smiled. “I’m
sure it has.”
“I’ll be
watching.”
“Good. I’ll be
sure to check and make sure that you’re who you say you are. A good cop like
yourself can only expect me to do that.”
He watched as
Robert left the office, and smiled. Piece of fucking cake. 
Jamie made the
relevant calls to let it show that he was checking up on Robert. He didn’t want
Robert or the guy he was working for to know they were onto them.
Moving behind
Lewis’s desk, he grabbed a lollipop and sat back. 
Cameron came back
five minutes later. She looked so nervous. 
“I didn’t say
anything,” she said. 
“I know you
didn’t.” 
“Where is he?”
“He’s gone, but I
wouldn’t put it past him to come back. I’m going to set up shop at Lewis’s desk
here. I don’t want you to be alone.”
“I’ll be fine.”
“I’m also going to
be escorting you home as well.”
“You don’t need to
do that.”
Jamie got to his
feet and moved toward her. “I know some things about that man that you’re not
going to like. I can’t tell you what they are.”
“Is this about the
Billionaire Bikers MC?”
He paused, looking
at her. “How do you know about that?”
“Lewis came here
one night. I was working late, and he needed something. He had on his leather
jacket. I don’t even think he saw me here working. I saw it. I’ve not told
anyone.”
“Please don’t.
We’re trying to help people.”
She nodded. “He’s
bad?”
“Yes. He’s bad. Don’t
worry though. I’ll protect you.”
“You’re a good
person, and Lewis is lucky to have you as his friend.”
He stared at her,
once again struck by her beauty. Cameron was a nice woman, kind, considerate.
He liked her a lot. “Go on a date with me.”
“You know I
can’t.”
“Is this about
your kid? If so, I’m great with kids. I love kids. He’ll love me.”
“He’s been through
a lot right now, and I don’t want to confuse him any more than he has been. I
really do appreciate it, but he must come first.”
She pulled away,
moving toward her desk. Jamie watched her go. 
“You’re a woman as
well as being a mother. Don’t forget that,” he said. 
Jamie didn’t stick
around for her to say anything more. 
****
Mandy rolled over
and stared across her bedroom, wishing that sleep would claim her. She was so
tired, yet she couldn’t fall asleep. Sitting up in bed, she leaned against the
post, and not for the first time wondered if she was making a mistake. This
wasn’t Lewis’s fault, or the club’s. They had done everything in their power to
help her, and to help others.  
What if she was the problem? 
Elijah wanted her.

She knew without a
doubt that if he got a hold of her, he’d try to kill her. Probably succeed at
it as well. Running a hand down her face, she cleared the fogginess from her
mind and made her way toward the French doors that overlooked the garden.
Opening them up, she took a seat and stared up at the moon. 
It was such a
beautiful sight, so serene, calm, and still. Where the sun was a burning heat,
the moon was cold but held so much beauty and wonder. She loved staring at it. 
“Couldn’t sleep?” 
She turned to see
Lewis standing at his doors. “It looks like I wasn’t the only one who couldn’t
sleep. Did I wake you?”
“I’ve not been to
sleep.” Lewis took a seat beside her. “I’m just thinking about you, and what
you said to me.”
“I’ve said a great
deal to you. You’re going to need to help me out here on what I’ve said.” She
smiled at him. 
“Our kiss.”
This made her
chuckle. “Have I gotten underneath that tough skin of yours?”
“It’s not hard to
do. There’s always been a special place for you in my heart.” 
She drew her legs
up close, wrapping her arms around them. Resting her head on her knees, she
kept her gaze locked on his. “What about what I said?”
“I don’t want you
to ever think I want something like that from you.”
“I know that,
Lewis. You have nothing to worry about in that regard.” She watched him rub his
temples, and realized that he did it a lot when he was thinking. “You can tell
me anything.”
“I enjoyed that
kiss. I find you attractive. I’m hard right now just thinking about you naked,
underneath me.”
“Is that a bad
thing?” she asked. Hope bloomed inside her chest. 
“Yes!” 
And died just as
fast as it started. 
“Oh.”
“Ugh, it’s not
like that. I’m torn, okay? I’ve spent all this time looking for you. Hunting for
you. I made a vow to bring you home. I did that, and now you’re here. You’re
back in my life, and not a day goes by that I don’t think about you. I want to
share everything with you. To get you to experience the life that was once
taken from you.”
“I just want to
share my life with you, Lewis. I don’t need anything else but that.” She
didn’t. “I know you’re not like those people, Lewis. I want you.” She released
her legs and stood, making her way toward him. She pushed him back a little and
straddled his thighs. His hard dick pressed against her pussy, and she didn’t
mind. In fact, another wave of arousal washed over her at the feel of him
there. 
Wrapping her arms
around his neck, she stared down at his lips. They were a temptation. She
couldn’t help but think how good they’d feel on her body, kissing her. 
Lewis wouldn’t
make the first move, so she had to. She wanted him to see that she was more
than secure in herself. This was her
choice, and she wanted him. 
More than anything
else, she just wanted him. 
She wanted him to
make love to her, to fuck her, to claim her as his alone. 
“I’m not going to
break. I’m yours, Lewis. All you have to do is say the words and I’m all
yours.”
He didn’t touch
her. For the longest time, she expected him to reject her as he made no move to
say or do anything. 
Her heart was
racing, and she didn’t know what to do. 
This was it. 
The one chance she
had given herself to try to show Lewis that she was all his for the taking. She
loved him. He’d given her hope, her freedom, love. Everything. 
His hand cupped
her ass, and he pulled her close. “Say that again.”
“Which part?” she
asked, wanting to cry so damn hard with happiness. 
“The part about
you being mine.”
“I’m yours, Lewis.
Do you want me?”
“I can’t even
believe that you have to ask that. Want you? I fucking crave you. I’ve wanted
you for a long time now, and being near you only drives the need inside me a
little more crazy.” 
He grabbed the
back of her head and pulled her down for a kiss. 
It was the single
greatest moment of Mandy’s life. 
****
Mandy felt so damn
good against his body. Lewis moaned as she wriggled her pussy against his dick.
There was no way for him to hide his reaction to her body pressed against his.
She was perfect, exactly how he imagined she’d be. Running his hands down her
back, he grasped her ass, holding her tight against him. 
She released a
little moan, and that one sound meant so fucking much to him. 
The negligee she
wore was cute, but it was also getting in the way. He let go of her ass and
slowly slid the straps down her arms. Breaking from the kiss, he allowed
himself to look at her. Her tits were large. Her nipples were red and small.
His mouth watered for a taste of her. 
Lewis couldn’t get
enough of this goddess, and knew without a doubt that he never would. The
negligee fell to her waist and he leaned forward, lathering the tip of her
breast before sliding between the valley and taking her other nipple into his
mouth. 
“That feels so
good,” she said, gasping at the end as he bit down, creating a little pain for
her. 
“Are you wet for
me, babe?” he asked. 
“Yes.”
“I want to feel.”
She took his hand
and slid it between her thighs so that he was cupping her panty-covered pussy.
Moving behind the material, he found her wet center, and they both groaned.
“I’ve been thinking about you for a long time, Lewis. I want you so much.”
Her hand moved
between them, cupping his dick. He only wore pajama bottoms, so she was able to
get to him easily. Without any instruction from him, she shoved her hand inside
and grasped him. 
It had been a long
time, a few years, since he’d been with a woman. Having Mandy in his arms was a
dream come true to him. 
“You’re so big,”
she said. 
She ran her hand
up and down the length of him, stroking over the tip, which had pre-cum
spilling out. 
Lewis gritted his
teeth and searched for his hard-won control. He wanted to make this as good for
her as it was for him. Using two fingers, he circled the entrance of her pussy
before thrusting them inside her. Her cunt tightened around him, and she cried
out his name. He loved hearing her sounds of pleasure. 
Pulling his
fingers from her pussy, he moved up to stroke her clit, watching the pleasure
dance across her face. She was sheer perfection as far as he was concerned, and
he didn’t want to stop seeing that look on her face. 
“You’re going to
come all over my fingers, baby. You’re going to scream my name, beg for more,
and I’m going to take whatever you can give me.”
She wriggled on
his lap, trying to get him to move his fingers, but he held still, waiting. 
“Who do you belong
to, Mandy?”
“You, Lewis.
Always you.”
“That’s right.
Tell me how much you want this.”
“I want you.”
“You want me to
touch your pussy?” he asked. 
“Yes.”
“You want me to
make you come?”
“Yes.”
“That’s a lot of
things to want.” He took her nipple between his teeth and nibbled on the
puckered flesh. “I don’t mind because I want to be the man to give you those
things.” Thrusting two fingers inside her, he placed his thumb against her
clit, stroking back and forth. 
Her eyes closed
and she arched up. Her tits thrust against his face, and he took what she had
to offer, sucking the buds into his mouth. He teased one nipple then the other,
going between the two as he brought her closer and closer to orgasm. 
She was temptation
in the moonlight, her head thrown back, eyes closed as her body shook with his
caresses. 
“Please, don’t
stop,” she asked, begging. 
He had no
intention of stopping. He wanted to hear her screams of pleasure, to know that
he was the one to bring her to orgasm again and again. 
The hand on his
dick tightened to the point of being painful, but he didn’t mind. He liked a
little bit of pain, especially as he watched Mandy go wild. Her cunt tightened
around his fingers, and he was relentless with the assault on her clit. She
couldn’t stop the impending orgasm, and he watched, triumphant, when she yelled
his name as her orgasm washed over her. 
Her cunt tightened
around his fingers like a vise, and her heat grew even slicker as her cream
covered his fingers. 
She shook, but he
didn’t let go. Over and over he teased her clit, wanting a second orgasm from
her. 
Her hands moved to
his shoulders, holding herself up as he wouldn’t let her get away. 
She belonged to
him. 
Finally, after her
second orgasm, he slowed down his movements, allowing her to collapse against
him. His mouth kissing her neck in between pants. He pulled his hands from her
pussy and wrapped his arms around her body, holding her close, breathing in her
scent. 
She smelled
beautiful, sexy, musky, and all his. 
“I want you to
fuck me, Lewis,” she said. “Don’t hold back, either.” 
Mandy lifted her
head and cupped his face, slamming her lips down on his.
He kissed her
back, knowing there was nothing he wouldn’t give this woman. She owned his
heart and his soul. He had devoted all of his life to finding her. Now he’d
spend the rest loving her, giving her everything her heart desired. 
Mandy made him a
better man. She completed him. 
Lifting her up in
his arms, he carried her through to his bedroom. She let out a little giggle,
and it only made him want her so much more.  







Chapter Eight
 
Lewis lowered her
down onto his silk sheets, and Mandy’s heart flipped. She couldn’t believe how
sweet, how kind, or how gentle he was being. 
He moved, flicking
on the lamps on either side of his bed. 
“I don’t need
romance,” she said, moving so that she was perched on her elbows. 
“You may not need
it, but I want it.”
She watched as he
pushed his pajamas off and his impressive length sprang forward. He didn’t rush
toward the bed. He walked toward the other side, climbing on and sliding toward
her. 
He wrapped his
arms around her. One was beneath her neck, and the other cupped her waist.
“You’re so beautiful.”
Lewis took
possession of her lips, and she moaned. Her pussy was wet, and she wanted him
desperately. Running her hands down his body, she tried to touch his dick. He
caught her wrist before she could hold him. 
“There’s going to
be time for that soon. I’m going to take my time with you, Mandy. Make this
moment last for a lifetime. I’m going to make love to you, and show you how
much I cherish you.”  
He kissed her
lips, and she melted against him. 
No one had ever
taken the time to learn her body, or to care what she liked. The hand on her
waist slid up, cupping one of her breasts. Lewis broke from the kiss, gliding
down her neck, sucking on the pulse before taking her nipple into his mouth. 
The pleasure went
straight to her clit, shocking her after experiencing not just one orgasm, but
two. Her body was no longer her own. Lewis owned it, and in that moment, she
was more than happy to give it to him. 
He kneaded the
flesh as he sucked her nipple, using his teeth to score the flesh, creating
enough pain to make her ache. She pressed her thighs together, trying to create
some friction and relieve the burn that he’d begun. 
Lewis had awakened
a need within her body, and she couldn’t push it away. When she made to grab
for him again, Lewis placed her wrist beneath her neck, holding her in place as
he stroked her body. 
The tips of his
fingers ran up and down her stomach, going down her thighs, teasing across the
fine hairs on her pussy. 
She opened her
legs, desperate for his touch there. He didn’t give it to her, though. He made
her wait, getting her to ache in ways that she didn’t think were possible. 
He grasped her hip
tightly, and she heard the moan leave her own lips. The sound of frustration was
clear to even her ears, creating a chuckle from him. 
“Are you not used
to being cherished?” he asked. “There’s no rush, and I’m not just going to
climb on top and start thrusting. I’m going to take my sweet time.” He ran his
hands up her body, cupping her breast once again. “Your body was made to be
cherished.”
“I’m going to burn
up if you don’t touch me soon.”
He moved suddenly,
taking her by surprise as he slid between her thighs. The length of his cock
settled between the lips of her pussy. “I’m not going to fuck you yet.”
She growled. 
“When I’m good and
ready, you’ll feel my cock inside you, and not a moment too soon.”
“I’m not going to
be able to cope with all this torture.”
“It’s torture
being with me? Having your body loved?” He took hold of her hands and held them
in his own at either side of her head. At the same time, he began to rock
against her, his dick bumping against her clit, driving her even wilder. She
didn’t for a second think it was possible to go crazy from need, but he was
proving her wrong quite easily. 
She couldn’t deny
him as he leaned down, taking her lips once again in a searing kiss. He moved
his cock against her clit. The touch wasn’t enough even though each bump sent
pleasure rushing through her body. He released her hands and kissed down her
body. Taking one nipple into his mouth, he sucked hard, licking a path between
the valley to take her other. His lips moved across her stomach, and then he
was between her thighs. If she closed them, she’d trap his head. 
Mandy went to her
elbows and watched as he opened the lips of her pussy and slid his tongue
between her slit. He licked down, going to her entrance, moving up, and taking
her clit into his mouth, sucking deep. 
She gasped. The
pleasure was instant and strange. His tongue was wet, and yet it moved over her
with a certainty that shook her. 
She sank to the
bed, her thighs opening wider, her eyes closed. 
“You taste so
fucking good,” he said. 
Grasping the sheet
beneath her, Mandy gave her body over to him, never wanting him to stop as he
brought her closer and closer to her peak. 
Every single part
of her felt alive for the first time, and desperate for him to consume her.  
“I want you to
come in my mouth, baby,” he said. 
His fingers moved
within her as his tongue attacked her clit. She was on fire. Her nipples were rock-hard,
full, and her pussy so wet, she knew she had to be leaking onto the bed.
She wriggled,
moaned, and then he sucked her clit deep, and it was like an explosion went
off. Her body hurtled into an orgasm that shook her to her very core. 
Never had she felt
something so amazing, and yet so pure in all of her life. 
Lewis worked her
with his tongue, drawing every second of her orgasm from her, not once letting
up as he used his magic on her. 
When it was over,
he moved up, reaching into the drawer. She watched as he tore into a condom
wrapper, sliding it over his dick. 
This time, when he
kissed her, she tasted herself on his lips. She wasn’t repulsed. He wrapped his
arms around her, and slowly, he worked his cock inside her. 
She couldn’t think
past the feel of him stretching her pussy. 
There was a little
burn as he wasn’t small, but it felt good. Wrapping her arms around him, she
held him tightly as he seated himself to the hilt within her. 
He pressed her
hands above her head, holding her down. 
“You feel
amazing,” he said. “I’m not going to fuck you tonight. I’m going to make love
to you, Mandy. You’re going to know who you belong to.”
He kissed her,
silencing any protest. 
She’d never known
sex to be like this. 
With Lewis, it
wasn’t just sex. This was making love. There was nothing carnal or aggressive
about it. 
This was love in
its purest form, and she loved it. His arms wrapped around her, and she felt
the rapid beat of his heart as he began to rock within her. 
His thrusts were slow
at first, shallow. Every single inch of him slid in deep as he took her as his.
The love she felt for Lewis was something she couldn’t fight, nor did she want
to. After everything they had been through, there was no one else she could
ever love. He would own her heart, her mind, her body, and her very soul. 
His rocks changed
to thrusts as his cock filled her, going even deeper as he claimed her. She
moaned his name, kissing him back, not wanting him to stop. 
Each slam of his
cock created a pleasure inside her, building her to a fourth orgasm. 
Lewis went deeper
with every shove of his cock, claiming her, branding her as his own. There was
no one else in her world. 
“Fuck, Mandy, I
love you,” he said. “I love you so damn much.”
He arched up,
thrusting as deep in her as he could go. His cock swelled as it filled the
condom. 
Lewis’s fingers
sank into her hair, holding her as he ravished her mouth. “I’m never going to
get enough of you.”
“I will hold you
to that.”
Tears glistened in
her eyes, and she tried to hide them. 
“What’s the matter?”
he asked. She saw the concern in his eyes, and hated that she’d put it there.
“Did I hurt you?”
When he made to
pull away, she stopped him. She didn’t want him to go. “That was the most
beautiful thing I have ever experienced,” she said, tears falling now. “I … I
loved it, Lewis. I love you so much, and what we just had, it is the best
feeling of my life.”
“Good. We’re going
to be doing that a whole lot.”
She laughed. “You
promise?”
“Yeah, I promise.”
He took her lips once again, and all of her fears and concerns melted away. 
****
Mandy’s eyes were
on him. Lewis watched out of the corner of his eye as she traced the spoon
she’d been holding across her lips. She’d been staring at him rather than
eating her yogurt for the past ten minutes. 
She had woken up
in his arms, and they’d showered together. He’d left her to get changed as he
came downstairs to prepare their breakfast, freshly cut fruit, yogurt, and
toast. 
“What’s on your
mind?” he asked. 
“Nothing.”
He glanced over at
her and saw her cheeks were turning pink. 
She was blushing. 
He found it so
utterly cute. 
“Are you thinking
about my mouth on your delightful pussy last night?” He took a grape, popping
it into his mouth. Biting down, he swallowed the sweet juice. 
“Yes. I … never
mind.”
“What is it?”
“How did you? I
can’t?” She put the yogurt pot down. “I loved last night.”
“Want to do it
again?” he asked. 
“Yes. I had no
idea it could be so amazing. So … intense.”
He moved his plate
out of the way and tapped the table. “Come here.”
She was wearing a
shirt over a bikini. He watched as she stood and walked toward him. Gripping
her hips, he placed her down on the hard surface of the table. Lifting her
legs, he placed them on his, and told her to lean back on her hands. Lifting
the shirt up to rest at her stomach, he untied the strings of her bikini.
If she was in a one-piece
bathing suit, she never wore a shirt over it. Every time she wore a bikini, she
always covered up her curves with an oversized shirt. 
Ever since they
had taken her, he’d watched her fill out into her curves. The slender woman
she’d been was gone. 
He dropped her
bikini pants onto the floor and then leaned back in his chair, staring at her
glistening pussy. The fine hairs covering her lips were already wet with her
arousal. 
“What are you
doing?” she asked. 
“I’m staring at
your beautiful cunt.” He ran his fingers over it.
“You think it’s
beautiful?”
“I do.” With every
second that passed, her lips seemed to open as they softened with her arousal.
His cock thickened, stretching the front of his shorts, which didn’t allow for
much room. He moved in an attempt to relieve the tightness, but that didn’t
help. 
Ignoring his own
arousal, he slid a finger between her folds, teasing her. Thrusting a single
finger inside her pussy, he felt how soft she was even as she tightened around
him. 
“I love your
pussy, Mandy.”
She chuckled. “I
love you.”
“Well, I love you
as well. Your pussy was made for my cock.” He added a second finger to her
channel, watching as she stretched to accommodate him. Running his thumb across
her clit, he worked her pussy the way he had last night when they had been
outside amongst the stars. 
Her eyes closed,
and warmth rushed over his fingers. Pumping inside her, his cock throbbed,
wanting where his fingers were. 
When he couldn’t
stand it any longer, he leaned forward, swiping his finger between her silken
folds, sucking her clit into his mouth, tasting her. 
She cried his
name, and he smiled against her flesh, knowing that he would never get tired of
hearing it. 
She was everything
to him. 
Flicking his
tongue across her clit, he fucked her with his fingers, driving her wild,
wanting her to come before he fucked her. 
He was rewarded
seconds later as she came, flooding his fingers with her arousal. 
Standing up, he
pulled his fingers from her cunt and released his cock from the tight confines
of the shorts. They fell to the floor at his ankles. Wrapping his hand around
his length, he smeared her cum all over his dick. 
“I’m clean, Lewis,
and I’m protected. I have a shot. I won’t get pregnant.”
“You want me to
fuck you without a condom?”
“Only if you want
to. I don’t have any diseases. I’m clean. I promise. I won’t lie to you.”
He pressed his
head against hers. “I know you wouldn’t lie to me. I’ll only do this if you
want it.”
“I do. I want you,
Lewis. Every single part. I don’t want to pretend I don’t.” 
Gripping his cock,
he worked from the base up to the tip, pulling back his foreskin. Copious
amounts of pre-cum were already leaking out of the tip. 
He placed his cock
between the lips of her pussy like he had last night. Only this time, he was
going to watch. Slowly, he rocked, bumping her clit as he did so. Each time he
stroked her clit, she cried out, gasping, her teeth sinking into her lip. Only
when he was sure she couldn’t handle another second of his torture, he grasped
his cock, and achingly slowly, began to work it inside her. 
He watched and
felt as with each inch he filled her pussy. 
She was tight,
wet, and everything he’d ever wanted. 
They both groaned
as he grasped her hips and slammed the last couple of inches inside her. 
“Look at us, babe.
Look at me when I claim you.”
She stared down at
where they were joined. His cock was deep inside her, and there was no way he
was pulling out. 
Easing out of her
cunt so only the tip remained, he saw her cum all over his cock. Thrusting
inside her, he began to fuck her, to build up a steady pace. He made sure there
was room so that she could watch as he took her. With his hands on her hips, he
used that as leverage to fuck her, to take her harder. The table rocked, and he
didn’t care as glasses spilled. All he wanted was to feel Mandy come all over
his dick. 
Reaching between
them, he stroked her clit. “Come all over my cock, baby.”
“I don’t think I
can,” she moaned. 
He wasn’t having
that. Fingering her pussy, he stayed still inside her, bringing her closer to
another orgasm. She didn’t know what she was capable of. 
Lewis felt the
ripples in her pussy, and saw the wonder in her eyes as she came all over his
cock. 
Even before she
had finished, he released her clit and fucked her hard, thrusting deep inside
her. Her cunt tightened around his length as he worked his cock inside her,
over and over again. 
The beginnings of
his orgasm started to work up inside him. 
Pulling her close,
he slammed into her a final time and released a groan as he came inside her,
her pulsing cunt milking him of every single drop of cum. 
Her hands held him
close, and they were both panting. 
He kissed her
shoulder and neck as his orgasm began to ebb away. 
Staying inside
her, he eased back enough so that he could look into her eyes. “Was that okay?”
“That was amazing.
Better than amazing.” She cupped his face, kissing him deeply. “I love you,
Lewis.”
He lifted her up
into his arms and carried her upstairs. 
“Lewis, what are
you doing? You’re going to hurt yourself.”
“No, I’m not. I’m
carrying you upstairs to my bed.”
“What on earth
for?”
“I’ve figured out
what I want to do with the rest of my day.” He dropped them both down to the
bed. Lewis didn’t know how he’d managed to stay inside her but he had. “I’m
going to make love to you for the rest of this day.”
“Make love?”
“We’re going to
fuck and make love. Eat, shower, and do it all over again.”
“You’ve just
come.”
“Give me a couple
of minutes and I’ll do it all over again.”
She laughed, her fingers
stroking his chest. 
He got a rush
every time she touched him. 
“We’re going to
have to go back home soon,” she said. 
“I know. When we
get home I want you to marry me.” There, he’d said it. 
“Marry?”
“Yes. We’ve got a
lot of wants going around. I figured I’d throw that one out for you to get used
to. Also, there won’t be a pre-nup.”
“Now that is
completely crazy. You’re rich beyond anything, and I’m broke.”
“I’m rich because
of you.”
She shook her
head. “No, that was all you.”
He pressed a kiss
to her lips to silence her. “It was all you. If I hadn’t wanted to find you,
I’d not have started the company. It’s half yours. Besides, I’m going to make
sure that you’re never going to divorce me. I’ll keep you happy and in love for
the rest of our days.”
“What about if you
realize that you don’t want me?” she asked. 
“That’s never
going to happen.”
“How can you know
that?”
“These feelings I
have for you, Mandy, they’re not something that can go away quickly. It has
been you for so long, I can’t even think straight. I love you, Mandy. No one
else. I would fight for you, and die for you.” Tears were once again in her
eyes. “I don’t want you to cry, baby.”
“You’re asking me
to marry you.”
“Yeah, I am. I can
do that, can’t I?”
“I don’t know. I
think I’m in shock at the moment.”
“You have a way of
keeping a guy hanging,” he said. 
“You’re sure you
want to marry me?” she asked. 
“More than sure. I
love you, Mandy. I’m not going to marry anyone else. Do you love me?”
“More than
anything.”
“Then you know
what you’ve got to say.” He teased one of her curls, tucking it behind her ear.
“Put me out of my misery and say yes.”
“Yes.”  







Chapter Nine
 
Three weeks later
Mandy stared out
over the ocean, feeling with every passing day a need to leave. She loved the
island, adored it, and being alone with Lewis was amazing. But the world was
still waiting. There hadn’t been an update from the club, and time was moving
along steadily. Elijah wouldn’t make his move until he saw her. 
Nothing had come
of the cop, Robert Jones, invading Lewis’s company. Everything was at a
standstill, waiting for one or the other to make the next move. The only person
she’d seen in some time now was Cynthia, the housekeeper, who brought them
supplies by boat. Mandy liked the older woman and had grown fond of her visits,
even if she didn’t stay long. 
Staring down at
her notebook, Mandy read over the last few words she’d written. 
They don’t see us as humans, or even women. We’re
nothing to them. I watched as they were rounded up like cattle. The dogs
treated them better than the men. I’ve seen it happen so many times now, and
with each experience I always expected to see something new, something
different. Maybe even a shred of emotion on one of the men’s faces. Are they
fathers, brothers, husbands? I don’t know every single detail about them, but
I’m pleased with every single fiber of my being that I’m not related to them.
They only know cruelty, or at least all I’ve ever seen is cruelty. If one of
the women dares to speak out, dares to scream for help, she is silenced. 
If her fight doesn’t cease, they cut out her tongue
and sell her as a defective product. Like she was a can at the grocery store
that only has a few months left and gets placed in the reduced section. Another
girl broken of spirit, waiting for death. 
That’s really all that is happening. They’re all
waiting for death, myself included. No woman gets away from this without it
killing part of her soul. Some of the women were rescued, and I wonder at times
if they watch everyone, everything around them. To make sure they’re not fooled
like they were last time that walking the streets was safe. 
Or for a young girl, to play with her skipping rope while
admiring the guy next door, wondering if one day he’d look at her with love in
his eyes, and maybe ask her to marry him. 
Lifting her head
up out of the notebook, she pulled her knees up against her chest and stared
out at the ocean. It was so vast. Anyone could get lost, and often had. She
imagined the sea bed was filled with stories of terror and fear. 
“I thought I’d
find you down here,” Lewis said, taking a seat beside her on the beach. 
“I love being
here. It’s relaxing, and I can almost forget why we’re here.” 
He took her hand,
pressing a kiss to her knuckles. “I’ve not spent much time here, to be honest.
I’ve had more conversations in the past few weeks with Cynthia than I’ve ever
had.”
“What does the
club say?” she asked. 
He kept in contact
with the Billionaire Bikers MC. They operated in private, doing everything to
keep their identities a secret. He had a feeling the club was keeping something
from him, as they just told him everything was fine, and not to worry.
“Nothing. All is
quiet.”
Mandy turned to
look back at the blue ocean. She’d never forget this time away with Lewis.
Falling in love, being in love, making love. They were all new experiences with
him, and she would treasure them always. 
“We’ve got to go
back,” she said.
“Not yet, we
don’t.”
“You and I both
know that nothing is going to happen while we’re here. The women are safe for
now, but can you stay here indefinitely? As much as your work was made because
of me, you’re still needed. I’ve heard you on the phone, pacing, trying to
resolve matters while you’re thousands of miles away. You can’t keep up that
kind of sacrifice.”
He sighed. “I will
continue to do what I need while I know you’re safe.”
“I’m not going to
be safe until we find the two men hunting me down. Maybe going home, talking
about our upcoming nuptials will lure them out.”
“I’m not using you
as bait.”
“I’ll be heavily
guarded. It’s you.” She cupped his cheek and pressed kisses to his lips. “I
know there’s not going to be a chance in hell of those monsters getting to me.
I can split my time between each of the Billionaires, Lewis. You’ll be happy
then, and you’ll know that I’m safe.”
He stroked her
hair, and sighed. “You make it difficult to argue with you.”
“That’s because
you know I’m right about this. You’re needed back at home, and we can’t live
here forever. Winter will be here before we know it, and then Cynthia’s visits
are only when the ocean is calm. I don’t want to risk anyone else’s life
because of mine.”
“Kiss me again,”
he said. 
Holding his face,
she took possession of his lips, giggling as he grabbed her ass and hauled her
over his body so that she was straddling him. 
Making love and
fucking Lewis was one of her favorite things to do. 
“I want to say no
to you.”
“But you can’t.
You know I speak sense.”
He sighed. “The
rest of the guys are in agreement with you. We’ve tried it this way, and it’s
not worked.”
“What were you
hoping would happen?”
“That we’d get
lucky. Those assholes would show themselves, and then we could go home.”
“They’ve been
doing this a long time. They know the drill. When the heat starts on them, they
either move town, or wait for it to die down. The city is a good place for them
though. I wouldn’t be surprised if women weren’t already gone.”
“Why?”
“In the city, it’s
a big enough place for women to get lost. If there’s a runaway or a kid in the
foster system, often someone doesn’t report them missing and just assumes
they’ll turn up. Time starts to pass, and before they even realize their
mistake, the kid’s long gone, sold, and they’ve moved onto the next person.
Then of course there are the prostitutes that walk the street at night. No one
is going to report them as missing. What you need to realize, Lewis, is if they
can find someone, they will. They can operate under the radar.”
“I don’t like it.”
She saw he was
really struggling to deal. 
“Don’t. Don’t beat
yourself up about this.”
“You were loved,
Mandy.”
“I know.” She
kissed him again, hoping that she could offer him some kind of comfort, but
there was nothing for her to give. “Are we going home?”
He wrapped his
arms around her. “I want to keep you safe forever.”
She laughed. “You
will. I love you, Lewis. I believe in you.”
“I’m not going to
use you as bait.”
“I guess the other
guys have come up with a similar solution. Using me to get to them.”
He held her just a
little bit tighter. “They think if you start to make an appearance by my side,
and with our wedding, it could lure them out. We’ll all be ready for anything
that would happen.”
Part of Mandy knew
it would come to this. Even as they ran to his island to get away from the
danger, she knew they wouldn’t have much choice but to take matters into their
own hands. 
She would never
forget this time she’d spent away with him. “We’ve got to go back. You know
what they say is right. The only way we can carry on is if we allow the rest of
the world to see us.”
“We’ll go back,
but I’m not letting you out of my sight. I don’t give a fuck what anyone else
says. That is what I say.”
She laughed. “Have
you already organized our return?”
“Yes. It was why I
came to get you. I can cancel it at any time.”
“We can’t. This is
it, Lewis. I guess in a way it’s our final stand against them.”
He pulled her down
for a kiss and she took it, knowing that the moment she left the island, her
life would be in constant danger as long as Elijah and Robert were free. 
****
“‘Billionaire
Lewis Cox just recently announced his engagement. No one knows much of the
woman in question, other than her name is Mandy Watson, but it is sure to be
the event of the year as everyone waits for this love to blossom,’” Jamie said.

Lewis pulled Mandy
against him, kissing her neck. All of the Billionaire Bikers MC were standing in
his penthouse apartment. They had been back to reality for a week. Lewis had
caught up on some of the major contracts that had been causing problems, and of
course with the news of his engagement, it had answered everyone’s questions as
to why he was away. He’d been alone having a romantic getaway with the love of
his life. 
“It’s not all fun,
though,” Blake said. “One of the newspapers has called her a gold-digger, and
has even started a bet on how long your marriage will last.”
“I don’t give a
fuck what they think,” Lewis said. 
“The marriage is
real, then? I know you’ve been in love with her, but I didn’t know it had moved
that far,” Russ said. “I’ve been out of the loop for a little while.”
“Mandy’s the love
of my life. I asked her to marry me, and she agreed.” All the guys knew he’d
wanted to wait to give Mandy the chance to recover.
“He’s going to be
doing a pre-nup, though. I’ve told him to do that,” Mandy said. 
“I told you it’s
not happening.”
“That’s going to
cause a major stir,” Jamie said. “I like this. Are you going to the charity
event next week? It’s for disadvantaged children. It can be the first real
photo opportunity for your girl here. We can have her dressed up in the finest,
and then we can showcase her to the world as your bride.”
“I hate doing that
shit. You know I always arrive around the back of the charity, and leave
without anyone catching sight of me,” Lewis said. 
“Yeah, but this is
your chance to really get in there and show the world that you mean business. A
couple of shots of the two of you together, smiling at each other, it’ll sell
the story,” John said. 
“That could really
work,” she said. “He thinks I’m his property. Elijah, the man Robert works for.
He thinks that by rights I’m all his. I was his biggest success, and his
biggest mistake. I know things that terrify him. I know how he works. Seeing me
on the arm of a rich billionaire, and if you touch me, it could draw him out.”
Lewis didn’t like
it, but what he was starting to see was that it didn’t matter what he liked or
disliked. He had no choice. 
“You’ve all got to
be there,” Lewis said. “I’m not going to an event unless I’m one hundred
percent sure that she’s safe. I won’t risk it. This marriage will be real.
Mandy is the love of my life, and I’m claiming her as my own.”
“Another old lady
into the mix. Anna and Temperance will be pleased. They can’t wait until all of
you have fallen in love with your women,” Russ said. His old lady was Anna. She
was one of the women they had saved from traffickers. 
Temperance was
Richard’s PA, but he had entered into a ménage with her and her best friend,
Jay. 
Mandy tensed in
his arms, and he squeezed her shoulders, trying to offer her comfort. 
“So, first we need
a kick-ass dress for the charity gala. Then we’ve got to have a few outfits for
outings. You know, dates. You’ve got to go public with this,” Blake said. 
“He’s right. The
entire world will be watching,” Sean said.
“I’m a
businessman, not a celebrity.” Lewis didn’t like being on display or pandering
to the press. 
“You’re a
billionaire about to get hitched. In this day and age, that means something. A
bachelor taken off the market,” Russ said. “It’ll happen for every single one
of us. You’ve just got to see that.”
“What about the
club?” Lewis asked. Since they’d been away there hadn’t been much to do for the
club. The women who serviced them had been paid handsomely to take a break, and
of course to keep their mouths shut. 
“Until our enemies
are gone, I say we work like this for now. Sticking to secret meetings. Working
together to bring them out. Mandy and Anna have to be safe,” Dave said. “We
can’t let our enemies get a hold of them.”
“I bet it’s not
like this for any of the other MCs out there,” Lewis said, getting more
agitated as the day wore on. He was pissed that he had to play by ruthless
fuckers’ rules. He wasn’t used to being told what to do. It had been a long
time since anyone had any kind of hold on him. 
“We’re not like
other MCs,” Jamie said. “This is what we agreed to. We don’t put ourselves or
anyone at risk. Mandy is the biggest risk, and she’s our best asset for the
club. Using your relationship, we’re hoping it’ll drive this guy crazy and draw
him out.”
Lewis didn’t like
it, and even as Jamie and Blake made a date to help dress Mandy, he couldn’t be
swayed. 
“Do you find it
weird that I’ve got two men to dress me rather than the two women?” Mandy
asked, taking a seat on the sofa. 
He stared at her,
wondering what the hell he was going to do. 
“Everything is
going to be fine,” she said. “You’re worrying way too much.”
“Anna and
Temperance are not good enough when it comes to fashion. Blake and Jamie know
their stuff, and can get it together.”
He took a seat
beside her, and she placed a hand on his knee. “I know you’re worried.”
“Wouldn’t you be?”
“You’ve never been
in the public eye before?” she asked. 
“No. I’m a
businessman. I had other commitments. Pandering to the fucked-up needs of the
media has never appealed to me. I donate to charity, keep lots of men and women
in a job. I do my bit.”
She took his hand,
locking their fingers together. “I’ll be there with you. At least you’ve got
nothing in your past to hide. I’ve got a lot.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve
made sure your past will stay hidden. I would never subject you to that.”
“You’re a good
man, Lewis.”
“I’m surprised
you’re not kicking my ass with what’s about to happen. You know Jamie and Blake
won’t stop at the clothes. You’re going to be primped, pampered, and tortured
beyond your wildest dreams, all in the name of looking the part.”
She groaned,
pressing her face against his shoulder. “I’ll do it for you. I’m not into the
whole being tugged and pulled about. I can handle everything else.”
Silence fell
between them, and with it, Lewis’s thoughts returned to their time on his
island. 
“You’re thinking
again. You look really sad.”
“I wish we could’ve
stayed on the island for a little longer.”
He looked at her,
and saw the sadness in her eyes. “I dreamed of an island like that whenever
life got a little too hard. My imagination was the only thing holding me
together. I’d think about being alone, or free to walk down a beach and stare
out at the vast ocean. One of the journeys we took was via a boat or something.
I think it was a small yacht. I hated the water. The ocean was spread out for
days. I wondered if there were sharks in the water, and if I just jumped
overboard, would it even matter. Before I got a chance to climb over the edge,
they pulled me back on board. I was locked up for the rest of the journey, and
I prayed for us to be shipwrecked. How messed up is that?” She kissed his lips.
“I don’t know why I just told you that.”
“There were
moments during my search that I thought I was getting close to you. That I
could feel you near.”
“I think we were close
to each other at a couple of times. Probably missed each other by a matter of
minutes. You’ve got me now, Lewis. I’m not going anywhere. I won’t jump into
the ocean in the hope of being eaten. I know you hate this, and what you’ve got
to do, but you’re not alone. I’ll be with you, by your side.”
“Aren’t you
afraid?”
“Terrified. I
don’t want anything to happen to you. I love you more than my own life. You
mean the world to me.” She kissed his lips again. “I can do whatever you want.
All you’ve got to do is ask, and I’ll be there.”
“You won’t be
alone, baby. I promise.” He pulled her into his arms and kissed her head. So
many times over the years he’d been close to finding her, only to have her
pulled from his grasp. He couldn’t lose her, not now, not ever. 
That was his
biggest fear, that if he was to blink or relax, she’d get taken once again. 







Chapter Ten
 
“You’re torturing
me on purpose now,” Mandy said. 
She stood in the
middle of the apartment dressed in some weird ensemble that had feathers peeking
out of the back. It was horrible. The fabric irritated her skin. 
Blake and Jamie
were both laughing as they took pictures. 
“I’m not wearing
this.”
“We know you’re
not, but it was so funny to see if we could get you into it. I totally win, by
the way,” Blake said. 
She watched as
Jamie handed him over twenty dollars. “You’ve got to be kidding me. How could
you bet on something like this?”
“Quite easily.
Don’t worry, darling. You don’t have to wear that. I told Jamie we’d get you
into it, but he said that we’d not be able to do that. I win.”
She rolled her
eyes and moved behind the partition they had built for her to have some
privacy. She removed the garment, and then an arm appeared around the frame.
They were both so sweet. She took the dress from him and began to work it over
her body. This was a shade of deep blue. It was a dark and eerie color. The
fabric molded to her size sixteen curves, which she was ever so impressed with.
She no longer had to earn the right to eat. 
The dress dipped
at the back, and was modest at the front. She loved it so much. 
Stepping around
the partition, she smiled at the two men. “What do you think?” 
She nibbled her
lip, really liking this one and hoping they felt the same. 
“That is
beautiful,” Jamie said. “You look stunning.”
“That’s the
dress,” Blake said, agreeing.
They snapped a
couple of pictures, and seconds later they both smiled. “Lewis agrees.”
“You’ve been
giving him a little view of the dresses?”
“It’s his right to
look,” Jamie said. 
“I’ll package
these up.” Blake began to fold the dresses that had been sent to them. 
Moving back behind
the partition, she removed the dress, placing it carefully on the back of a
chair as she changed back into a sweatshirt and joggers. 
“So, erm, do you
think this will work?” she asked, grabbing the dress. She found the hanger for
it, and was careful as she placed it back, using the partition to keep it
crease-free as it hung. 
“We’re hoping it
will draw him out, or get him to make mistakes.”
“Have you been
getting people to check out the local docks or abandoned warehouses?” she
asked, taking a seat. 
“We’ve had
everything triple-checked.” Jamie leaned back. “Lewis purchased all the
available warehouses. There’s nothing in the surrounding city.”
“I don’t want
anything to happen to him. No matter what. He has to be taken care of.” Mandy
stared down at the ring he’d given her. At the island, he’d not had a ring on
him. The first day they were back, before he’d even gone to work, he’d placed
the engagement ring on her finger, and asked her to promise never to remove it.

“I want to be
serious for a moment,” Blake said, taking a seat in front of her. “There’s a
reason we want all of this to be public.”
She tucked her
professionally dyed hair behind her ears and waited. 
“All of this could
be done without the need for publicity. Lewis has dodged the press for years.
We all have in our own way. Our names are always linked to some model or
something. It’s all rumor. No actual facts.”
“Okay, why are you
doing this?”
“You get seen in
public. Your face becomes recognized. We’re trying to do this for your added
protection. You’re just a woman who is marrying the love of her life. No one
needs to be any the wiser.”
“The case was a
huge one, Blake. We can’t hide that forever.”
“It’s the case of
a lifetime as well. Girl next door goes missing, and the guy of her dreams
can’t give up. It can be spun any way we want. It’s the value of having a lot
of money. We can do what we want. I’m already all over the press,” Blake said. 
“He owns one of
the newspapers. It’s why we can get certain things public and not others,”
Jamie said. 
She’d figured that
out. There was a lot over the last few years that they were able to keep under
wraps. It was kind of shocking how much, but she didn’t judge. 
During her life, she
had learned that all it took was enough money, fear, and violence, and anyone
would do whatever the hell you wanted, no questions asked. 
“What is the end
game in all of this? Elijah and the men don’t walk in our circle.”
“But they might.
There’s a reason this is an expensive business. We have reason to believe that
they could be people we do business with.” Blake leaned forward, his hands
pressed together. “We want two things from this. One, for you to be seen. In
our minds that makes you well known. Public property, and not someone who is
easily taken. Two, it will expose them. We’ll get to see who we’re up against.”
“Do you think they
will come to the party?”
“We know that our
contact is going to be there, and so is Robert. There’s a risk with this gala.
So many big names, they’ve got no choice but to up the law enforcement there in
case anything goes wrong.”
She took a deep
breath. “Does Lewis know everything that you’re doing?”
“He knows some of
it. He doesn’t know that Robert Jones is going to be there. Lewis isn’t the
best actor when he knows what is expected of him. The element of surprise will
help us,” Jamie said.
“So all I’ve got
to do is be seen and play nice.”
“Shouldn’t be too
hard now.”
“Of course not.
It’ll be a piece of cake.”
She was terrified.

What if Elijah
risked it to see her? 
Could she handle
seeing him? 
Whatever happened,
she needed this to end once and for all. 
****
“You’re shaking,”
Lewis said, taking hold of her hands. He’d never known her to be so afraid.
Mandy was a strong woman. She’d been through so much that she rarely showed any
kind of fear. 
“It’s all new, you
know. The press. The lifestyle. It’s all a little overwhelming at times.”
She stared out the
window. All he wanted to do was protect her, to keep her demons away, but no
matter what he tried to do, he couldn’t stop it. 
“I thought we had
gotten rid of the men who had kept you trapped.”
“Do you really
want to talk about this now?”
Their driver was
in the front, and they had privacy. “It could help to relax you. Talk to me,
Mandy.”
She released a
sigh. “There’s always men trained to do certain things. Mostly they’re like
soldiers. They just keep an eye on the girls, and keep everything in order.
There’s always so many of them. They’re more like guard dogs, to be honest.
There to snap and bite if one of the women got away or had a little too much
mouth on her. They keep the women in line. Then you have the men who train
them. Some women are just sold. They work locally in brothels, or sent on the
street. If you don’t get there, you’re sent to be trained. When you’re trained
this means you’re put up for auction, and men all over the world can buy you.
That’s not all. They sometimes are sent lists from buyers of the kinds of women
they like. A shopping list, if you will. All of this is dealt with by one man.
The one who runs everything, who pays the money to the guard dogs. That was
Elijah. He was the one who owned me. Elijah took me, trained me, owned every
single part of me. I wasn’t allowed to … be myself. I couldn’t have anything or
do anything.” She released a breath, and he knew she was shaking inside. “He
was the one who gave me the final beating. But he wasn’t the one who threw me
in the cage.”
“He’s the monster
you’re afraid of?” he asked. 
“He took
everything, and then he made me do things I’m not proud of, Lewis. I’ve never
wanted to kill a man so much as I want to kill him. I know he’s here. I know
he’s watching, and he’s waiting. I can feel it. Robert’s here, and he was
always so loyal to him. I think it’s why I don’t hold much stock in the law or
cops. They’re easily swayed. Throw them some cash, and they’ll look the other
way.”
“They’re not all
like that, sweetheart. Some of them are good.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve
only ever known the shitty ones.” She rubbed her temple and leaned back. “I’m
sorry. I thought being free would help me. That I’d feel different. Right now,
I feel more trapped than ever before. Even now when he’s not near. He’s
controlling.”
The car came to a
slow stop. 
“Feel any better?”
he asked. 
“The truth? Not
really. Not at all.”
The press was
outside, and they didn’t have time to keep on talking. 
“Let’s go and show
them we can do this together.” He climbed out of the car, trying not to glare
at the photographers making him blind with the bright, flashing lights. Taking
hold of Mandy’s hand, he helped her from the car, and the smile she gave him
was utterly dazzling. Her hand was shaking, and together they were not exactly
fit to be in front of the camera, but he played it. 
Much to his embarrassment,
Jamie had paid a visit to his office and told him exactly where he was going
wrong, and what he could do to change everything. Being told how to stand,
smile, and charm was not a course he wanted to be taking anytime soon. 
“Make sure you keep your arm around her.”
“Every chance you get, smile at her.”
“Let the world see that you’re totally in love with
her.”
“If you love her, and she loves you, the world will
fall in love with you both.”
Cameron had
giggled as she watched him, telling him to relax. That he was way too stiff to
showcase his love for Mandy. 
His love for Mandy
was not a ploy or a tactic to get people to want him. He wanted to marry her,
and was already looking at houses away from the city. 
There was a life
nearly within his grasp. He just had to fight a little harder to take it. 
Entering the gala,
they were surrounded by fellow businessmen, women, models, actresses, and
anyone who was anyone. 
It was a huge
celebrity event, and this was the first time he’d come through the door. Mandy
held his arm in a death grip as the rest of society smiled and whispered. Some
were blatant in their pointing and stares. 
Malcolm, one of
the club men, was the first to come over. He shook Lewis’s hand and then kissed
Mandy’s cheek, showing everyone that she was known. She was accepted, and no
one was going to push her aside, or make her feel differently. 
“We can do this,”
Mandy said. 
Leading her into
the main room, they stayed together. Malcolm moved away, and then Jamie came
close.
“You look
dazzling, darling,” he said. 
Mandy giggled.
“You’re crazy and insane.”
The dress really
was stunning. Lewis had been totally blown away when she came downstairs and
asked him what he’d thought. He didn’t know how to respond, and now seeing some
of the male stares, he wanted to wrap her up so that she was for his gaze only.
He was a selfish bastard and didn’t want to share her. 
“I think the
feather dress would have been wonderful,” Lewis said, earning himself a little
tap. 
“Don’t be silly.”
She rested her head against his shoulder. “You’d have never gotten me out of
the apartment in that monstrosity.”
“I don’t know.
You’d have been the talk of the night.”
“For all the wrong
reasons,” Jamie said. “Make sure you come to me for advice on what’s worth
wearing and what’s not.”
“Already noted. I
don’t think I could handle his kind of fashion.”
Lewis smiled and
found himself relaxing. He could do this. It was just another event. He had to
put everything else out of his mind and just focus on Mandy. 
The night wore on,
and donations were made for priceless jewelry, art, and then of course the
dinner. He found that with Mandy at his side, he could handle anything. After
dinner, there was a small party, a dance with a band, and more donations. 
It was there that
Lewis began to lose his patience. 
By Robert Jones. 
Mandy tensed at
his side, and she squeezed his arm a little tighter. 
“Hello, Mr. Cox.
We’ve not been properly introduced. I’ve got a few questions I’d like to ask
you,” Robert said. 
“I know of you,
and I take great offense at having my private life invaded. This is a charity
gala, and right now I don’t need to be talking about such matters.”
“It matters a
great deal. It’s about her, Mandy.”
Lewis wasn’t
impressed. One look toward Jackson, another club brother, and he was there. “I
need to deal with this … person. Would you entertain Mandy for me?”
“Certainly.” 
Lewis didn’t want
her near one of the men who’d hurt her. 
Turning his
attention back to Robert, he stared at the man who had allowed women to be
hurt. This was not a man he wanted in his presence, or that of his future wife.

“Are you a member
of a club called the Billionaire Bikers MC?”
“What a ridiculous
thing to say. You know, I’m curious if your boss is aware of your interference
and general lack of social grace. We are at a charity gala, and I believe my
office is private. All things that require a warrant, which you do not have.”
“Let’s cut the
bullshit,” Robert said. “You know who I am, and I know who you are. You’re not
just some rich businessman doing this for kicks. You’re the guy that went
looking for her. The one that wouldn’t give up no matter what warnings you were
given.”
Lewis recalled the
first time that he was getting close, long before he made his first million.
Even Mandy didn’t know about the beating he’d gotten for looking for her. Broken
ribs, bruises, and a concussion were what he got for not going away. 
He stepped
forward. “You’re not dealing with a teenage boy completely filled with guilt.
You’re dealing with a man who knows what he’s about.”
“You’re not going
to win. That bitch belongs to my boss. He will
have her.”
Lewis smiled. They
were in a public place, and he knew that Robert was trying to get him to make
the first move and hurt his reputation. Attacking a police officer was a
criminal offense. His face would be all over the newspapers, and he’d get
arrested. 
He wasn’t without
control. 
“Why don’t you
tell your boss to bring it on?” Lewis asked. “Let’s see how he can handle a man
rather than a defenseless woman. Tell him to stop being a coward and face me
himself.” He smiled. “Good talking with you.”
One day soon, he
was going to kill Robert, and as he did, he was going to smile. 
A billionaire he
may be, but deep down, he was a ruthless fucking bastard who wanted to hurt
everyone responsible for Mandy’s pain. 
****
Mandy hated
leaving Jackson, but she couldn’t hold in the need for the toilet. She’d not
been able to stop anyone, and she knew she was stupid for rushing off, but she
had to go. 
Sitting down, she
relieved herself and closed her eyes. 
Not long to go and
she and Lewis could be going home. 
Finishing her
business, she flushed the toilet and left the stall. There was no one around,
and she didn’t like how uneasy she was becoming. Washing her hands, she saw him
out of the corner of her eye. She didn’t jerk back or flinch. She finished washing
her hands and used a paper towel to dry them. 
“You look
fantastic,” Elijah said, pointing to the dress. “I was never able to mark that
pretty back of yours. That was something I didn’t think was necessary.”
She tossed the
paper towel into the trash and then gave him her full attention. “I should have
known you’d show up.”
“How could I not?”
he asked, running his hand down his jacket. He looked like one of the toilet
attending staff. They didn’t have to have anything other than a standard pass
to get through. They kept the toilets clean, and men along with women were
known to be available. Elijah was hiding in plain sight, just like always. If
she screamed right now, it wouldn’t do her any good. Glancing up, she saw
security cameras trained where they were standing. Elijah didn’t cover his
face, but to anyone watching they were just having a discussion. He always was
a slimy bastard when the need arose. “I thought you were dead, and now I hear
that you’re engaged to be married to a very wealthy man.” He tutted. “I clearly
didn’t train you well enough.”
She didn’t say
anything else, just stared at the man who was her monster. He’d done everything
to her, made her nothing more than a lapdog. 
He chuckled and
stared at her. “You know, one of the trainers we have, he took one look at you
and said you weren’t trained at all. That I had failed and there was a fire
that wouldn’t go until you died. I told him that he was wrong. That I could
have you do anything I wanted, and I showed him, right? You remember?”
Again, she didn’t
say anything. That was one of the nights he’d given her to the trainer, and she’d
had to fight all of her instincts to keep subservient even as she was used as
nothing more than a toy. 
Her silence was
starting to irritate him. 
He didn’t like it
when she had nothing to say to him, when she treated him like nothing, as if he
didn’t deserve her words. 
“You will be mine
once again,” he said. “Do you think for a second that those men out there can
keep you from me? That they won’t screw up, and then the opportunity arises,
you won’t be exactly where you need to be. At my feet, serving me. Once I’ve
done having my fun, I’ll be sure to send Lewis your pretty head, with no body
of course.”
This time, Mandy
did smile. He was grasping. 
All of her life
she had looked at this man as a monster. He was her jailer, and she had feared
him. He made those around him fear him. At the moment, he didn’t have any other
power than the kind that she let him have. Right now, he was slowly walking
toward her, trying to make the room that little bit smaller. 
She was tired of
feeling like she was the one trapped in a cage. 
They were on equal
footing right now. 
Pulling out of her
frozen state, she stepped right up close to him, shocking him with her sudden
advance. 
“Let’s get one
thing straight. You and I end up in that situation again, you will be the one
on the floor licking your own blood. That trainer was right. Every single
second of every single day I was with you, I thought of all the ways I could
kill you. Go ahead, Elijah, kill me. Hit me. Do your worst. There’s a roomful
of witnesses outside. They’re closing in on you and on Robert. Your days of
being king are numbered. If you were smart, you’d get out and leave. But you
and I both know you’re not smart. You’re stupid, and I was a fucking idiot to
think that you were anything more than a pathetic excuse for a man.” She held
her hand up, showing off her engagement ring. “Lewis is a man. He’s one hundred
percent perfect. You, you’re a coward who gets power out of beating women. That
doesn’t make strong. You’re weak. You’ve always been weak. You could never
break me because I am strong, and you’re not!” 
When he made to
grab her, she shook her head, tutting. “Don’t forget, Elijah, someone might
see.” 
She had him. He’d
wanted to come tonight to scare her, but all he did was show that with the
Billionaire Bikers MC on his case, any power he had was slowly being stolen
away. Slowly, he was dropping to nothing more than a kidnapper. A pathetic
excuse for a man, and one she had no intention of being afraid of ever again. 
The door opened,
and there were some giggles. 
Mandy didn’t wait
around. She left the bathroom without a backward glance. Any hold that Elijah
once had, crumbled. She held her head high, and moved toward Lewis, kissing him
as the camera flashed in her face. 
The game had
changed. She was no longer the mouse, but the cat. 
Elijah would come
again, and so would Robert, but with Lewis and the Billionaire Bikers at her
side, there was no chance of their enemies succeeding. 
It was time to
start hunting again.  







Chapter Eleven
 
Two weeks later
The gala had been
a fantastic event. Lewis and Mandy had been seen out as a couple, and in doing
that had brought to light part of Mandy’s past. Blake had made sure the story
that ran protected a great deal of details. Mandy was a kid who’d been snatched
by traffickers, and she’d lived an awful life. However, Lewis helped fund the
agency that tracked her down and brought her home. 
It was a dark
fairytale love story. 
He already had
Hollywood wanting rights to make a movie. 
The biggest
problem with being in the public eye, his every single movement was monitored.
He couldn’t go to the club, nor could he go out on a quiet picnic with his
woman. Even Mandy couldn’t go anywhere. Everything had gone completely crazy in
his world. The only thing that had changed, and gone back to normal, was his
work for the Billionaire Bikers. He monitored a ten-mile radius of the city. He
checked for girls being taken or reported missing. 
It was extra work
with running his business, but he liked it. Mandy was also good at helping to
find the ones that could be high risk. 
Late one evening
after making them both pasta with pesto, Lewis broached the subject with Mandy
of what he wanted to do. 
“I’ve been
thinking about opening a shelter of some kind,” he said. 
“For the
homeless?”
He’d purchased
multiple warehouses that were in different states of repair. He could have them
fixed and ready to be used in no time. 
“Not just for the
homeless. I was thinking for the women we rescue who don’t have a family to go
to, and also for kids who run away.”
“How do you think
that will work?” she asked. 
“They’re running
away for a reason, right?” She nodded. “It can be problems at home, or feeling
like they’re not being listened to. They’re easily preyed upon. I want to
create a sanctuary they can go to. They’re protected. They can have food, a
warm bed, a place to stay, and I can employ someone, or a lot of people, who
can help to figure out their problems.”
“It sounds like a
great idea,” she said. 
“But?”
“Isn’t that why
they have foster homes and child protection?”
“They fail. We
know that. We don’t like to admit it, but they do. This could help boys and
girls make that fresh start. I want to give it a try. I think it is something
that could really work.”
“I’m with you a
hundred percent.” She leaned over and kissed his lips. 
“Have you seen the
girls that run away? The boys?” he asked. 
She chewed her
food and finally nodded. “Yes. Even though they were … guarded, they were at
times the easiest to fool.”
“The offer of
food, warmth, love?”
“Yes. Something
that is easier than what they’ve experienced so far. I didn’t say any of this
was pretty.” He watched as she bit her lip. “There was something I wanted to
give to you. I finally finished it, and I wanted you to have it.”
She lifted six
full-length notebooks. He had watched her write in them a lot over the past couple
of years. 
“What is this?” he
asked. 
“This is my story.
It’s not always pretty or nice, but it’s my story.  I wanted you to have it, and before we get
married, I want you to read it. I want to see if you still wish to marry me
afterward.” There were tears in her eyes. 
“This won’t change
my view of you, Mandy.”
“It hurts at
times.” She took a deep breath. “I feel like the pain won’t stop, and then I
can’t breathe. I want you to read my story.” She stood up, and took their
plates. “I’ve numbered the notebooks so you know the first one.”
Lewis watched as
she left the kitchen, and his heart felt heavy. He was saddened that she
thought he would care about that. 
Everything she had
been through was at the hands of monsters. 
Picking up the
book, he flicked open the first page. 
I’ve been wondering how I should do this. One of the
therapists I was with said that it would be good for me to talk to someone, or
write it down. How do you write down multiple years of being a girl and then a
woman of trafficking? For ten years I knew love. I knew laughter, joy, and a
crush that stayed with me throughout every single second of pain. 
Those ten years helped to define who I was. During the
worst part of my life, I remembered my upbringing. The strength in my character
was because of that. I’ve not spoken to my parents since I got out. For as much
strength they gave me in ten years, they abandoned me so easily. I couldn’t … I
don’t want to talk to them. 
My life changed forever one sunny July morning. My parents
had to  take my brother to some kind of
appointment, but I didn’t want to go. I begged, pleaded, and acted like a
complete child until Lewis Cox, my sexy-as-sin neighbor, offered to keep an eye
on me. 
In that moment, neither of us realized that our lives
would be changed forever. 
He was mowing the lawn, and I was watching him. He was
so pretty. So strong. So handsome. I didn’t even think about anything as a car
pulled up close to the curb near where I was skipping. 
“Hey, girly, can you tell us where the gas station
is?”
I was so busy in my fantasy that I didn’t think of all
the warnings. I was at home. I wasn’t in any danger, and yet I was. 
I moved toward that car, and the door opened. A kind-looking
man got out, and he offered me a lollipop. It was a multicolored one. Really
sweet, and my favorite. He leaned down as I pointed in the direction. I never
got to tell him directions. 
I was grabbed around the waist, and I screamed. I was
shocked, and before I knew what was happening, he was pulling me into the car. 
I was screaming, trying to get away, and the car was
pulling away.
Lewis stopped
reading. He knew what happened. He took a deep breath and moved from the table,
and made his way into the bedroom. 
Mandy wasn’t
anywhere in sight, and he sat down on the bed, flicking past the couple of
pages that described the chase. 
When I woke up I was in a strange bed. There was a man
there, smiling. It was the same man that had taken me. I tried to sit up, but
he pushed me back down. 
“You’re mine now.”
I shook my head. “No. I’ve got to go home.”
When I went to move again, he grabbed me around the
throat and pushed me back on the bed. He squeezed my throat, cutting off my
air. I panicked and tried to claw at his hands. 
“You don’t need to
cry,” Mandy said. 
Lewis looked up at
her. “How can I not?”
“I’m alive.” She
cupped his cheek. “This is not to torture you.”
“I don’t care what
things you’ve done. Everything you did was because of what you’d been told to
do.”
“Does that make it
right?” she asked. “I helped them get girls. I was a monster.”
They had been
through this. He stared at the books. “I think your words should be made
available for the world to see.”
“Please, for me,
read it,” she said. She held his hand, and then kissed his lips. “That is my
story. That is the woman you want to marry, and I need to know above everything
else that you’ll be happy with me.”
Lewis agreed, even
though he knew deep down that no matter what he read, or what he had to do, he
would love her for the rest of his life. She was a fighter. The love of his
life, and there was no way he was ever going to let her go. 
****
Mandy knew her
story well. She had lived through the years of abuse and torture. There had
been manipulation from the beginning, and rape. Her life hadn’t been pretty.
Since seeing Elijah and writing down her last words, she felt … at peace. She
didn’t think it was possible to feel that way after everything, but she did. 
For an entire
week, she left Lewis in peace so that he could read her diaries, her memories.
She had glossed over some points and detailed others. She recalled the parties
where she was passed around and used. The way they made an example of her. The
beatings that would leave her broken. There was one point she always made
during the worst of it. The memory of Lewis. Thinking about him made her fight.

She hoped that as
he read, he’d see a change within her. Knowing he’d been so close to her,
seeing the evidence of his love, and his persistence had helped her to fight
back. Her biggest regret, and her largest guilt, came when she’d been ordered
to get the girls herself. To help lure them back into the nest. That had been
one of the hardest things in the world she had ever had to do. She, of course,
refused at first and got a beating for it, but in the end she’d done it, as she
couldn’t keep taking the hits. 
It was that very
first outing that she’d seen Lewis’s name with a picture of herself. After
that, she had known there was a way to save the women she had to lure. However,
when she came home with nothing, Elijah held a gun to her head. 
Looking back, she
hadn’t realized it at the time, but it had been the first change in their
relationship. She’d not begged him to save her. Mandy remembered looking into
his eyes and begging him to pull the trigger, almost daring him with the look
in her eye. 
He’d not. 
After a second
week, she was sitting in the penthouse apartment, looking through wedding
magazines for ideas of her upcoming wedding. 
Jamie had informed
her that it had to be this big, lavish event. The world was abuzz with the love
of Lewis’s and her budding relationship. 
She wished they
could go back to the island and shut everything out, but that wasn’t an option.
At least not for some time. She missed being there, but she also knew the club
was onto another collection of women. 
Several had been
reported missing in the news, and even the club’s contact had asked for her
help. Mandy had given them everything she knew, but had also warned them that
they may do something different seeing as they now knew she was working for the
club. 
Lewis had told her
what Robert had said. It didn’t surprise her. 
Mandy had also
warned him that just because the two men had been seen, there were a lot more
who did the actual work, the luring, the capturing, the kidnapping. They
wouldn’t catch Robert or Elijah in the actual act. 
The police had
nothing to work on. 
They all had
nothing but to wait until they slipped up. 
She had expected
Elijah to reach out again. He’d not. 
Thinking about
that moment in the ladies’ room made her smile. She had stood up to him, and no
one, not even Elijah, could take that away from her. 
The sound of the
door opening filled her with happiness, especially as Lewis entered. Getting
off the sofa, she rushed toward him, throwing her arms around him. Slamming her
lips down on his, she kissed him deeply. 
He had finished
reading the last of her diaries, and before he made his final judgment of her,
she had needed one kiss. Something to keep her sane. 
Cupping his face,
she kissed his lips again, knowing she would do anything for his love. “I love
you, Lewis. I love you so much.”
Lewis chuckled.
“You’ve never reacted like this when I’ve come home before.” His hands rested
on her hips. “Why now?”
She closed her
eyes, resting her head against his. I’m
totally in love with you, and I’m scared you’re going to hate me.
Mandy didn’t say
that. She placed her hand on his chest. The jacket was a little rumpled, and she
went to step back. 
He wouldn’t let
her. His hands were still on her hips, and he wouldn’t budge. “That was some
welcome. What’s going on, Mandy?”
Just talk to him. 
Get it over with. 
“I know you
finished my diaries. The last one was on the pile, and I saw your bookmark at
the end.”
“Ah, and you’re
worried.”
“Everything I
wrote was true. There’s nothing made up there. It’s all from the heart.”
He stroked her
cheek with the backs of his knuckles. “I have no doubt at all. Did you expect
me to fall out of love with you?”
Tears flooded her
eyes. She had cried more in the past few months than throughout her entire
life. Her emotions were riding high, and she couldn’t keep them in check. 
“Erm, don’t you
hate me?” The tears fell down her cheeks, and all she wanted to do was growl
and dash them away. She didn’t do that. Instead, she stood, waiting for
whatever he was going to say. 
Lewis was her
reason for living, the only reason she hadn’t taken her life, and then he’d
given her a purpose in helping him. She needed redemption from her past, for
the part she’d played. 
“Mandy, I could
never hate you. It’s not even possible for me to get angry with you.” He tucked
some of her hair behind her ear. “You’re my angel. My reason for fighting all
these years, and you will be my reason to keep on fighting. To help others. You
think I don’t look back to that day and wish I hadn’t done things differently? I
was mowing a lawn. You know, I’ve not mowed a lawn since that day.”
“What?”
He shook his head.
“I guess the last time was enough of a punishment for me. There’s nothing worth
it.”
“You weren’t to
blame.”
“But that was what
I was doing. I was mowing the lawn, thinking about football, and having a
drink. I wasn’t even thinking about you, Mandy. I was taking care of you
because I figured it would be easy. You were always trying to impress me, so
you were an easy kid to look after.”
Now he was crying,
and she felt like the worst woman in the world for making him. “You have
nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“Your family
blames me. I’ve not spoken to your brother in years because of it. I was asked
to take care of you. I didn’t do that.”
“I helped them. I went to the car that day! Not only
that, but throughout the years, I helped to lure girls, Lewis.”
“I know. I read
everything you wrote, Mandy. Your story, it breaks my heart to know all that
you went through.  There’s no way I could
have ever fallen out of love with you. It’s not possible for me to feel that
way.” He cupped her chin and smiled. “I love you, Mandy. I’ll love you for the
rest of my life, and that is never going to change.”
He pulled her into
his arms, and Mandy sobbed as she finally felt happy. She couldn’t believe that
he still loved her. The diary had been part of her soul where she had admitted
everything. Lewis loved her, her savior, her hero, the man who hadn’t given up
on her. 
They sat down on
her sofa and she snuggled up against him, closing her eyes as peace settled
over her. 
Lewis reached out,
taking the magazine she’d been looking at. “Is Jamie forcing you to do all the
details?”
“He wants me to
put my spin on everything, but I don’t know. I struggle to make these kinds of
decisions. I’d dress in jeans if it meant I got to be with you for the rest of
my life.”
“Then how about we
cancel all this and head out right now? We go to Vegas, and I’ll marry you.”
Mandy smiled. “Are
you being real right now?”
“As real as I can
be. I don’t need all that fancy shit. It’ll piss Jamie off, but this is about
what we want. I didn’t know if you wanted the big white wedding, with the
guests, the cake, and everything else.”
She shook her
head. “No. I don’t want that. I just want you, Lewis. I will only ever want you.”

She straddled his
hips, sank her fingers into his hair, and kissed him deeply. No one could take
this away from her, and what was more, she wouldn’t let them do it either. 







Chapter Twelve
 
“I’m still pissed
at you,” Jamie said. 
Lewis smiled.
“Why?”
“I was really
looking forward to hosting this event, and what do I hear of being replaced,
huh? I get told in a damn newspaper that one of the country’s most eligible
bachelors tied the knot in some quick wedding place in Vegas.” Jamie lifted up
the paper in question. The rest of the guys at the Billionaire Bikers MC were
laughing. 
“Seriously? You
really think Mandy or I wanted this big wedding? You were bringing cake to my
office. Have you ever thought about becoming a wedding planner? You seem to
enjoy that kind of work a lot more than anything else.”
“Bite me.” Jamie tossed
the newspaper down and glared. 
“Look, it was
nothing personal about you or the way you do things. Mandy and I, we just
wanted it to be about us, and we got our wish. If you’d like, and I will double-check
this with her, we’ll renew our vows just for you.”
“I had picked out
the perfect lemon cake. Both of you had liked it, and the buttercream was just
divine. I’m upset, and it’s all your fault.”
Lewis didn’t like
that he’d upset his friend, but he also couldn’t stop smiling. He was happy.
The wedding band on his finger showed to the world that Mandy was his wife.
They were also receiving calls from her family, and her brother had also been
in touch. 
That had been one
of the hardest phone calls he’d ever experienced. He hadn’t spoken to her
brother in years. 
There was no way
they were ever going to be friends. Too much had been said, and a lot of time
had passed. When Lewis had begged for his help, her brother had slammed him
against the wall, sucker-punched him, and told him to let it go. There was no
way that she was ever going to be found.
It was a memory
that had stayed with him for a long time. 
Just another
realization to add to the long list that no one was looking. 
“Shall we get back
to business now?” Russ said. “Congratulations on your marriage. I know this
happiness has been a long time coming for both of you.”
Lewis nodded.
“Thank you.” It had been a long time coming. 
“Right, we have a
problem,” Russ said. He had a folder, and he slid it down to Lewis. “This came
in while you were getting married, but we waited for you.”
Lewis took the
folder, flicking it open. There was a picture of Robert Jones inside a
warehouse. “This isn’t real,” he said. 
The picture was
clear. Several women were chained to walls with gags over their mouths. 
“It’s not one of
your warehouses, Lewis,” Blake said. 
“It’s not possible
for it to be mine. I have them all on my security detail.” He went over the
pictures. 
“This is a trap,”
Russ said. 
Looking up at his
friend, he saw that Russ was speaking seriously.
He went back to
staring at the pictures, and his stomach rolled. There was a young girl there.
She looked similar to Mandy, and he knew this was a challenge. 
“Your security
only works if someone is monitoring it.”
Lewis didn’t like
that judgment. “Do you really think I’d slack in that department? Every single
one of my warehouses is guarded. I have security footage, and none of them have
been compromised. I’m guessing this is from one of the warehouses I couldn’t
get. Someone snapped it up before me. A private investor.”
Lewis didn’t like
this. The warehouses were going to be safe havens, not places to store women as
if they were property or cattle to be used. This was a deliberate taunt. He
couldn’t acquire this particular warehouse, and now they were storing women and
girls there.
Anger began to
build once again inside him. It had been dormant for so long he’d forgotten the
rage that would often flood him, making it next to impossible to think straight.
All he wanted to do was kill. Every single one of these bastards had hurt
Mandy, and now they were taking women and girls in his city and storing them on
his turf. That shit was not going to happen. 
“What else do we
know?”
“That Elijah wants
Mandy dead,” Blake said. 
“This is not
really news. We’ve been aware of it for some time,” Lewis said. 
Jamie leaned
forward. “I don’t like this one bit. Something stinks here, and I have a
feeling this is a trap to lure us there.”
“Then we tell our
informant. At least we get rid of Robert,” Lewis said. He stared at the
photographs, knowing he’d love a few minutes alone with this fucker. 
He wasn’t going to
get it, but he could hope. “We can’t just do nothing.”
“We don’t want to
do nothing,” Blake said. “This is a test. I don’t want us to fuck this up
either.”
“Do you think that
he’s trying to get us there so that he can take Mandy?” Lewis wasn’t going to
let his woman close to that monster again.
“It’s possible.”
“Then give this
information to the informant. As much as I’d love to wipe that smirk off
Robert’s face, I want him locked up. You’ve heard the rumors of what they do to
cops inside. Let’s see if he can work his way out of that.”
He was sentencing
the man to guaranteed torture and possible death, but he didn’t care. This
fucker had laughed at Mandy and thought it was funny for her to be trained. 
Lewis despised any
man who worked off of others’ fear. They may not get every single man in the
trafficking line. They were all over the world, and it was impossible to wipe
out an entire mindset. Every single person he came into contact with, he wanted
them gone.
****
Mandy went back to
school, and even though she thought it to be a waste of time, she did it. This
was a freedom that had been taken from her, and instead of hating it, she was
going to enjoy it. The professor was boring, but she had come to realize that
he taught the subjects so often it was probably all mundane to him by now. 
She’d never wanted
to be a teacher. There was no way she wished to command a roomful of students.
By the end of the day, she was still confused by algebra and hated history. She
often wondered if she hated history because of her own. 
Either way, there
was no fighting it anymore. 
At three she left
the college grounds, and paused as she saw Lewis leaning against his car.
Normally her guard for the day was waiting for her. He didn’t lurk in the
hallways as Lewis originally wanted. She didn’t want a guy hanging around her
every second of every day. That would only remind her of the life she’d been
rescued from. She didn’t want to be a prisoner, and Lewis had listened to her.
A guard was on the campus at all times, but he kept his distance. 
Smiling, she
rushed toward him and threw herself into his arms, not caring that the books
she’d been holding were now on the ground. 
“I’ve missed you,”
she said. 
“I can tell,
baby.” He swung her around and pressed her against the car. This was the first
time in weeks they didn’t have the press rushing at them. Another big scandal
had hit the newspapers, and they were saved. 
He slammed his
lips down on hers, and Mandy sighed, melting against him as her body heated up
once again. 
“I love you,” he
said. 
Opening her eyes,
she stared at the man of her dreams. “I love you, too.”
Lewis glanced
around them and chuckled. “We’re causing a few curious stares.”
She hadn’t even
noticed. “I only care about you.”
He opened the door
for her, and as she went to grab her books he shook his head. “I’ll do it.”
Mandy didn’t argue
as she figured he wanted to do this. Climbing into his car, she held out her
hands for the books, waiting for him to join her. 
Once he was behind
the wheel, he pulled a folder out of the compartment in the driver’s side door.

“What is this?”
she asked. The moment she flicked it open, Lewis didn’t need to tell her any more.
It was pictures of captured women and girls being guarded by that monster.
There was a girl, no more than ten, being locked up as well. Seeing the young
girl made Mandy think of herself. The number of times she’d been beaten and
left in chains was too much for her to bear. “This is a trap.”
“We figured as
much. We’ve already informed our guy in the police force with the warning of
Robert’s interference. We’ve got all the information we need about what is
happening.”
Mandy had heard
some awful things through Jamie’s surveillance device. Elijah wanted her back,
and he was willing to do whatever it took to take her or silence her. 
Either way, if he
got his hands on her, there was no doubt in her mind. She wouldn’t live to tell
about it again. Her life would be forfeit. 
The Billionaire
Bikers MC usually went in for this kind of retrieval. They had the experience,
the training, and the equipment. Since the traffickers had realized their
identity and tried to lure them into a trap several months ago, they had to be
careful. 
Their life was
never meant to be public. 
The club was meant
to be just a rumor. 
She knew it cost
each of the men dearly not to do anything. They were not men born into money.
Each of them had come from nothing and worked his way up in the world. It was
during their time that they had seen the danger inflicted on the most
vulnerable, and they worked to protect them. 
Closing the file,
she stared straight ahead as Lewis navigated the traffic. 
“I fear our time of
being a club could be coming to an end,” Lewis said. 
“Why?” She gave
him her full attention now. “You can’t possibly mean to break up the club.”
“We’re known by
those two men, possibly more. I can’t risk it, and neither can the rest of the
guys. They don’t want to put anyone else’s lives at risk.”
“This is not about
you,” Mandy said.
“This is a trap.”
“For me.” Mandy
couldn’t allow him to think for a second that this was his fault or that of the
club. 
“No. I’m not going
to allow you to blame yourself. Those monsters don’t have a right to you,
Mandy. They took you once and believed you were nothing but property, and you
never fucking were!” He glared at her. 
“They’re doing
this because of me, Lewis. How can you not see that?”
“I do see that,
and I know what you’re thinking. Lure them into a trap, and then we can get
them or some shit like that. It’s not happening. I lost you once, and I’m not
willing to put you at risk again.” He took her hand, pressing a kiss to her
knuckles. “You can hate me all you want. It’s not going to happen. I won’t let
it.”
She allowed for a
few seconds of silence. “He’s not going to stop, Lewis. You know that. I know
that. He’s going to keep on coming and try to find a weakness.”
“He won’t. The
club is strong, Mandy. He’s not going to get to you.”
Mandy knew that
Elijah’s reach was far. If he wanted to get to her, he would. There was no
doubt in her mind that he’d do whatever it took to take her. 
All she had to do
was wait. Only this time, she wasn’t a defenseless ten-year-old girl. She was a
woman, and ready to take her revenge. 
They often said
that revenge was a dish best served cold. Hers had been simmering for years.
Long before she was freed, long before he even realized that she’d been
plotting it. Mandy wanted him to come
for her. She wanted him to come on her turf. 
Being with Lewis,
her husband, this was her place, her domain. There was no way she was going to
go hunting for Elijah. 
This time, he had
to come to her, and when he did, he better be ready because she was going to
hurt him. Once it started, she knew in her heart it was never going to stop.  







Chapter Thirteen
 
The women and
girls had been rescued. Robert had also been detained. Lewis didn’t know what
he expected, but to feel … empty wasn’t it. According to Jamie, Robert hadn’t
put up a fight, but he had been surprised by the fact his own force had charged
into the warehouse rather than the Billionaire Bikers MC. 
Lewis grabbed his
stress ball and began to squeeze it. They were on a chessboard. Elijah had made
the first move, and they’d made theirs. The thing was, did Elijah expect the
club to have been there that night? What was his overall endgame? 
Grabbing a
notepad, he wrote down Elijah’s name followed by Robert. The connecting person
was Mandy, so he wrote her name down in the middle. 
Elijah had been
the guy who had taken her. 
One of the
problems Lewis had faced back when he was eighteen was that he’d never gotten a
good look at Elijah’s face. 
No one had been
able to identify him in the past, but now Mandy had been able to. Elijah hadn’t
gotten to be at the top of his game by being stupid. He was a man used to
dodging security and getting through. The bastard was an expert at not being
detected. 
There was no
mistaking that he wanted Mandy. 
How was he going
to get her? 
His apartment was
always heavily protected. 
The college campus
was a dangerous place. 
The club?
He tapped his
finger, waiting for whatever clarity he could find, but there wasn’t any. 
“Hello, sir,”
Cameron said. 
Lewis looked up to
see his PA standing in the entrance. 
“Cameron, what is
it?” he asked. 
“The babysitter just
called. My son is really sick. I need to go and get him.”
“Yes. Of course.
There’s nothing left for today, is there?” he asked, standing up. 
“No. Everything is
done. Thank you, Lewis.”
He watched as
Cameron left, and then moved back toward his desk, finishing the day’s work. He
hated working late, as most of his nights were spent with Mandy. She would be
at home, waiting for some concoction or another. Considering she couldn’t cook
a thing, each evening was more interesting than the last. He advised her to use
a book once, and she had told him that she only ever used cookbooks. She
clearly couldn’t follow them all that well. He’d never known mashed potatoes
could be so damn lumpy or hard. 
She was trying,
though. 
After he finished,
he made his way down toward his car, taking the elevator. For some reason, his
mind returned to the three names he’d written down in the notebook. 
Elijah wanted
Mandy. 
Robert had been a
test. 
The only person
keeping Elijah away from Mandy was … him. 
The elevator doors
pinged open. 
He stared into
Elijah’s eyes, knowing that he’d fucked up. No one was around as it was so late.
He was by himself, and while they had been focused on getting Robert off the
women they’d taken, Elijah had found a way to get to him. 
The gun was
pointed at him. 
“I always win,
Lewis. Don’t worry, I intend to keep her alive for some time.” The gunshot rang
out. Pain was instant as it rushed over Lewis. He slammed back against the wall
of the elevator. Another gunshot rang out, and his abdomen was covered in
blood. Elijah stepped into the elevator and pressed his hands against each of
the wounds. “I’ll give her something to send your regards.” His hands were
smeared with blood. 
The pain had made
him a little dizzy, especially since Elijah had pressed his hands against the
wounds. Burning fire erupted inside him, making him sick. 
Lewis dropped to
the floor and tried to grab his case. Elijah’s boot pressed against his neck,
cutting off his air. “You know, I thought this was going to be harder, and then
it dawned on me. The thing about rich boys is they really believe they’re
untouchable. You got sloppy, Lewis. Kind of disappointing. I was hoping to use
you, you know. To show her that you had no power. Also, to show her that no
matter what you won’t be coming after her.” Elijah pulled out his apartment
key. Lewis tried to stop him, but he couldn’t. He was weak, and the pain
consumed him. 
Finally, Elijah
released his boot from around his neck. Lewis tried to crawl out of the
elevator as he watched the man leave. Already Elijah was in the car, and he
knew where the bastard was heading. 
Lewis grabbed his
cell phone, hands shaking. Mandy needed him. The pain along with the blood loss
was making him feel lightheaded. 
Finding Jamie’s
number, he dialed. 
“So what do—”
“Get to Mandy now
… he’s on his way. Been shot!”
“Lewis?”
He didn’t wait to
say anything else. Lewis didn’t know how much time he had, so he pressed the
number to call home. 
“Hello,” Mandy
said. 
Tears sprang to
his eyes. She sounded so cheerful. 
“He’s coming.”
There wasn’t time
for him to say anything else. Spots appeared before his eyes, and Lewis tried
to fight it, but it was too late. He slumped forward. 
His last thought
was of Mandy and her beautiful smile. 
****
Taking Lewis by
surprise made Elijah smile. What he also liked was knowing no one was going to
stop him. Robert had been taken, and that had screwed with his plans. He’d been
watching each of the men suspected of being part of the Billionaire Bikers MC
for months. He thought he knew how they’d react, and yet they hadn’t stormed
the building. The girl was the perfect touch. She’d reminded him a little of
Mandy, only this girl had cried a lot more. 
Parking in the
underground parking of the luxury building, anticipation filled him. He was
finally going to get his little toy back. 
He missed Mandy.
Part of him just wanted to kill her and be done with it. The biggest problem
would be that he’d no longer have anyone to play with, to break, and he liked
breaking things, if only to smash them down once again and rebuild them. 
The last time,
he’d gone lightly on Mandy. He should have listened to his trainer who warned
him that Mandy wasn’t what he thought she was. That trainer had followed many
people who had outlived their usefulness. In his world, Elijah was king, and no
one was getting in his way or telling him what he could and couldn’t do. 
He’d do whatever
the hell he wanted, and anyone who dared question him would find out exactly
what happened to those that went against him. Just like Mandy in time would
find out. She would only be useful for so long. 
Climbing out of
his parked car, he headed inside the main building. 
“Sir, can I see
some identification?” the guard at the main desk asked. 
“Sure.” He pulled
out his identification and waited for the security camera to move out of his
line of sight. Pulling his gun, he shot three bullets into the man’s face. The
man fell and Elijah moved past the camera, staying out of sight as he headed
toward the elevator, and pressed the button for the floor he’d need. The key in
his hand would get him what he wanted. 
Staring at his
reflection, he made sure his hair was neat, and rubbed out any crease in his
jacket that he might find. Once he had Mandy, he’d have her out of the country
and wouldn’t have to deal with any more of this shit. It was a lot easier to
hide in a foreign country than it was here. It was one of the reasons he’d
stayed away from the States so much.
The elevator doors
opened and he walked to the end of the hall. Mandy didn’t deserve this. She
would serve him, and if she was lucky, he’d even let her eat. The bitch had put
on way too much weight for his liking. 
Pushing the key
into the slot, he twisted, and the door opened. 
As he entered the
apartment, it was incredibly silent. Even the television wasn’t playing. This
wasn’t what he was expecting, and he tensed. Entering the room, he moved a
little further, and as he stepped around a corner, pain exploded through his
shoulder. 
He cried out and
turned as Mandy took the blade out of his back. 
“Wasn’t expecting
that?”
She drove the
blade of a kitchen knife back down, slicing his arm. 
Elijah cried out
and shoved her back. The blade was still embedded in his arm, and he pulled it
out, knowing he was going to need a shitload of stitches. 
Mandy didn’t stay
on the ground like he expected her to. She was on her feet. A glass bowl was
broken on the floor, and she held a shard of glass. 
Blood oozed from
her fist, and she glared at him. 
The fire inside
her shocked him. 
She had always
taken everything he had given her. There had been howls of pain as he delivered
one beating after another. 
“What’s the
matter, Elijah, too shocked to see a woman fight for her life?” she asked.
“Does it hurt?”
He held the knife
out, and she didn’t even flinch. She was breathing heavily. 
“I shot your man,”
he said. 
There wasn’t even
a flicker. He needed to distract her to reach for his gun. The glass she held
would do a shitload of damage, and he didn’t have time to get his gun before
she’d react.
“You’re going to
die tonight,” she said. “I always knew that if we met again, one of us would
die. It’s not going to be me.”
He didn’t like her
confidence. 
Elijah intended to
break her once more. 
“You know, I’ve
been doing a lot of reading of late. A lot of soul-searching. I thought you
were this big monster. That you had all the power, and that wasn’t the truth.
You have no power. Not over me, not over anyone. You prey on women because
you’re a coward. There is no power with you. The only power you have is what I
give you. You’re weak. You’re pathetic. You mean nothing!” 
Elijah had heard
enough. 
Rushing toward
her, he expected her to cower. Mandy did not, and he did not stop. He reached
in his jacket for the gun. The moment he got to her, she plunged the shard of
glass into his neck. 
****
Mandy released the
glass, and Elijah fell to the floor. She stared at his dead body. Her heart was
racing, and she didn’t have time to freak out. After Lewis had warned her,
Jamie had told her what happened. Several of the club were on their way. All she
had to do was hide and she’d be safe. She was tired of hiding from a monster
that wouldn’t leave her alone. Grabbing the knife, she had stood and waited. 
Lewis wasn’t
coming home, so she had known it would be Elijah. Everyone else in the
Billionaire Bikers MC would have called her name, or at least put out a
warning. 
Seeing Elijah’s
back, she hadn’t even hesitated. All she had thought about was killing the
bastard. 
Plunging the knife
into him had filled her with relief.  She
wasn’t going to let him hurt her, not again. 
Elijah slumped to
the ground, dead, lifeless. 
The door to the
apartment burst open, and she looked up to see Blake. 
“Where is he?” she
asked. 
“Jamie just
called. They’ve got him to the hospital. He’s in surgery, Mandy, but it’s bad.”
Tears filled her
eyes, and she rushed over Elijah’s body without another glance. Lewis had
always told her that the club could clean up anything, and she had no doubt
they would deal with this man’s body. 
It was over. At
least it was over for her, but there were so many women they had yet to save.  Lewis couldn’t die. They had a life they had
planned together. 
No one said a word
on the way to the hospital. Entering the main reception, she saw Jamie standing
there, waiting. 
Rushing toward
him, she wiped the tears away, hoping that she could handle whatever was about
to be said. 
“What’s happened?”
she asked.
“He’s in surgery
right now. He’s lost a lot of blood. Right now, he’s in the best possible hands
he can be.”
She nodded and looked
around at the hospital. 
“Take a seat,
Mandy.”
She followed his
instruction, having the club around her as they waited to see what happened to
one of their own. Mandy was so scared. 
The weight of the
wedding band rested on her finger. She didn’t know what she’d do if Lewis died.
What point would there be for her to live? 
No one spoke, and
after what felt like hours ticked by, the doctor came out. 
“We have removed
the bullets and sealed up the wounds. He’s lost a lot of blood and we’ve given
him a blood transfusion. All we can do now is wait.”
“Can I see him?”
she asked. 
His words went on,
and they made no sense. 
“This is his
wife,” Jamie said. 
“Then only two
people can go. He’s not awake at the moment. All you can do is watch him.”
“That’s all I
want. It’s what he’d do for me.”
Jamie followed
behind her as they walked past the doors, entering the ICU. She ignored the
sounds of beeping as they went to the furthest room in the hospital, or so it
felt. 
The doctor opened
the door, and Mandy entered. Lewis was hooked up to several tubes, and she held
in her sobs. It wouldn’t do to break down. Not now. He needed her to be strong.
Grabbing a chair, she moved it up to the side of the bed and sat down, taking
his hand. All she wanted to do was throw herself into his arms, but she held
back, waiting. 
Her heart pounded
as she stared at him. 
Even when he must
have been in agony and dying, he’d called her to warn her. 
“You really do
love him, don’t you?” Jamie asked. 
She glanced back
to see he was still there. “Always. It has always been Lewis. I would gladly
die for him, and I know he would do the same for me. I hope he wakes up and
knows that our threat is gone.”
“There will always
be monsters to chase.”
“Yes, but now he
can be free in knowing that we’re all safe. Elijah’s gone. Robert’s gone. Lewis
is my hero. He’s going to wake up, and he’s going to get through this. We’re
going to buy that house he always wanted, and we’re going to fill it with
children. That was his wish. His dream, and he told me about it. At first, I
thought I didn’t deserve to be so happy, but I do, and so does Lewis. I just
want to give him the world.”
Jamie moved up
behind her, placing a hand on her shoulder as she cried. They were silent tears
so she didn’t wake up Lewis. She had to let him rest, even if it killed her. 
She released
another breath, trying to get herself under control. 
“He’ll live,”
Jamie said. “He has to make sure you survived.”
Mandy squeezed
Lewis’s hand, praying to anyone that would listen that Lewis deserved to live.
He had to live. 
He was a hero, and
they had to outlive the villain and see the difference they had made. 
She wasn’t going
anywhere, and neither was he. 
They were a team. 
Even when the
doctor tried to tell her visiting hours were over, Jamie offered a donation
that kept her there. She stayed out of the nurses’ way as they checked over her
husband. 
She didn’t leave
his side, and she never would. 







Chapter Fourteen
 
One week later
“I don’t want to
leave this hospital,” Lewis said, grabbing Mandy’s arm and pulling her to him.
Seeing as he still had stitches in his abdomen, he had to make sure not to
strain, and Mandy never made it hard for him. She came to him whenever he
needed her. 
“Why not?”
“You’ve given me
your undivided attention, and I love that smile on your lips.” He traced a
finger over her lips and she took his finger, nibbling it. 
His cock
thickened. 
No matter the pain
in his stomach, he couldn’t seem to stop his arousal, which always spiked when
he was with her. 
“You’re the one who
sends me to school. I’ll happily stay by your side. Do you think you can
negotiate your big business while you’re staring at me?”
He groaned. She
was right, but he was just so happy. Jamie and the club had informed him of
everything else that had happened while he’d been out of it. The club had
handled Elijah, and Robert had also been sentenced for his actions in
trafficking girls. Their informant in the police force had been compiling
evidence about all the cops involved, and during the past couple of weeks,
several raids had taken place. Women and girls had been saved, and Lewis felt …
content. 
There was never
going to be an end to the mission the club had against traffickers. Like Mandy
had told them before, when one fell, another rose up. 
What he had been
able to do was reflect, and to understand that there was only so much they
could do. The club was on the right side, and to him that meant everything. 
Staring into his
darling wife’s eyes, he saw a happiness within her that hadn’t been there
before. The monster who had tormented her was gone. 
“Thank you,” she
said. 
He stroked her
hair out of the way. “For what?”
“Even when you
were hurting, you still warned me. You’re the best man a woman could ever ask
for.” She pressed a kiss to his lips. “I love you so much.” 
“It has always
been you. For me, there is no one else in this world.” He cupped the back of
her neck, drawing her close for another kiss. 
“Are we
interrupting?” Blake asked, entering the hospital room. 
They were holding
balloons and stuffed teddy bears. Lewis burst out laughing. 
“What are you guys
doing?”
“You’re still
sick, and last time we checked, you were still part of the club, and we wanted
to give you this.” Jamie handed him an envelope. 
Lewis frowned,
taking the envelope. It was an invitation, and when he opened it, he saw it was
something the club had made. “What is this?”
“We’ve decided to
cut to the chase,” Blake said.
“One big event
that brings all the MCs together,” John said. “I think it’s going to be
awesome.”
“Who have you sent
this out to?” Lewis asked, amazed. The invitation was made from fabric, and
showed luxury. He didn’t think it was the best idea. 
“The Skulls, Chaos
Bleeds, Dirty Fuckers, Saints and Sinners, you know, several groups of clubs.
It could be fun.”
“Or we could all
kill each other,” Lewis said. 
“Nah, we won’t.
It’s time we came out and showed them we mean business,” Jamie said. 
“Look at it that
you’ll get a chance to host a party,” Mandy said. “Not something like the
charity gala either.”
“You didn’t like
the charity gala?” he asked. 
“You guys are all
billionaires and businessmen, but I know that’s not who you really are. This is
who you really are. Real men, real people, and I think it would be nice for
others to see that.” 
He pressed his
head against hers.
The guys stayed,
and they talked about teasing the fuck out of the other clubs, maybe doing pony
rides for the special event. He truly thought they were crazy, but didn’t say
anything. 
When they left, he
was happy that it was just him and Mandy. 
“You know this is
crazy, right?”
“Absolutely. I
think it’s totally crazy, insane, and stupid, but you know what, who cares? It
will either be fun, or a total nightmare, and you’ve got time to organize it.”
She shrugged. “There’s something I wanted to talk to you about.”
“What is it?”
“I was wondering
what you think about having children?” she asked. 
His heart raced.
“Are you pregnant?” 
She shook her
head. “Not yet, but I was hoping one day soon, I could be. I would really like
to be a mother. I don’t want to put it off any longer. I want to be your wife,
and the mother of your children.”
“I should have
gotten shot a lot sooner.”
She burst out
laughing. 
“I love you,
Lewis.”
Lewis couldn’t put
into words the love he had for this woman. Nothing was ever going to tear them
apart, he’d make damn sure of it. 







Epilogue
 
Five years later
Mandy stared down
at the box containing all of the books her publisher had sent to her. She
needed to sign them, and they were going to mail them out. Her book, her story,
had stormed the charts everywhere, and they even wanted to make a movie about
it. 
She wasn’t sure
her story was for a movie, but then, she did have the happily ever after. The
story of a young girl who lived a normal life, the crush on her neighbor, only
to be taken, raped, beaten, and forced into submission at the hands of a cruel
trafficker. Of course, she had included parts that hadn’t been there originally,
the story that Lewis had given her of his fight to find her. 
Their love story,
in black and white for all to see. 
People wanted to
do interviews, but she declined those. This wasn’t a story that needed
questions or interviews. 
“Phew, I tell you,
what are we feeding this guy? That has to be the biggest poop in the world,”
Lewis said. 
She turned to see
her husband holding their one-year-old son. 
Putting the book
down, she moved toward them and stroked her son’s cheek before smiling at her
husband. “I love you.”
“Love you, too, babe.
I must love you. I can’t believe I offered to change his diaper.”
She burst out
laughing as she took her son from his arms. “They came.”
He moved toward
the box and lifted out a book. “I’m so proud of you, honey.” He pulled her into
his arms, and she breathed a sigh of relief. 
The past five
years had been an emotional roller coaster ride. Of course, her husband was
still part of the Billionaire Bikers MC. She’d reconciled with her family, and
they were happy with her marriage to Lewis. She didn’t spend much time with
them, but she’d gotten to know her sister as well. Having a child hadn’t been
easy for Mandy and Lewis, and it had taken many tries along with medical
treatment to give her a chance at becoming pregnant. Their son was their
miracle. 
She wanted to try
again, but for now, she just wanted to focus on what they had. 
Her love for Lewis
had only gotten stronger. She loved him more than anything in the world. He was
the hero in her story just as he was the hero in her life. 
“You’re a
survivor, baby,” he said. “You won.”
She had won. They had tried to break her
spirit, to take her away from everything she had known. 
Lewis tilted her
head back. “What would you like to do today?”
“Anything you
want.” 
“Then I want us to
stay in all day. Just relax and enjoy being a family.”
“Sounds perfect.”
 
The End 
 
 
www.samcrescent.com
 
 








Other
Books by Sam Crescent:
 
 
www.evernightpublishing.com/sam-crescent
 
 
 
If
you enjoyed this book, you may also like:
 
Taken by Gwendolyn
Casey
 
The Cleaner by
Kera Faire
 
Gorgon’s Vengeance
by Ravenna Tate
 
 

EVERNIGHT PUBLISHING ®
 
www.evernightpublishing.com







BONUS SAMPLE CHAPTER
 
 
BROKEN
BASTARD
 
Killer of Kings, 2
 
Sam
Crescent & Stacey Espino
 
Copyright © 2017
 
 
 
Chapter One
 
“Scarlett,
are you being serious? No, I know you’re not being serious, because if you
were, you’d be insane,” said Lisa.
“I have no
choice. You heard Carter. He’s going to cut twenty freelancers this year
alone.” Scarlett hooked her oversized purse over her shoulder, and then reached
for the stack of colored file folders. “I can’t lose this job.”
“Fine, I
get it, but this is suicide.”
Scarlett
rolled her eyes. “You’re being dramatic.”
She made
her way to the office elevator, her friend tailing behind her. Her next
interview might be unorthodox, and theoretically a bit dangerous, but desperate
times called for desperate measures. She’d only been at this company for eight
months, officially still on probation, so she’d be one of the first her boss
would cut. Scarlett was damn good at what she did. One day she hoped to reach
reporter level, but right now she had to give the stories she always found to
someone else. The truth was, her boss took
the stories she’d researched and gave them to other girls. Still, she was
determined to show her worth, and how valuable she could be as a reporter.
It wasn’t
easy getting a personal meeting with Alexei Semenov. He was a big-time crime
ringleader, not the biggest, but it would still be headline news. Her boss,
Wilson Carter, had to see her value after closing an interview with a name like
Semenov. Scarlett was sick and tired of pinching pennies and fighting just to
maintain the status quo. She wanted to make something of her career, not to
mention she didn’t have enough money for next month’s rent. 
“Are you
taking a camera crew?” asked Lisa, holding the elevator door open with her hip.

“Yeah, like
that’s going to happen. Look, I’ll be fine. Promise. Semenov wants to portray a
favorable image to the media, so he’s going to be on his best behavior.”
Lisa
sighed. “You’re impossible. See you tomorrow then? I’ll bring the coffee.”
“Thanks.”
The doors
began to close, and Scarlett watched her friend disappear from view. She
wouldn’t admit that her heart raced like a freight train, and her hands felt
clammy. If she wasn’t in such a dire predicament, there was no way she’d be
heading out to meet one of the most hated men in the city. The man was a
Russian mobster, and she had no wingman, camera crew … nothing. 
Forty
minutes later, she stopped her Kia Rio in front of a set of massive iron gates.
She double checked the address she’d scribbled on a piece of paper, but this
was definitely the place. The gates began to open, swinging inwards, so she
continued to drive along the long path. She admired the manicured grounds,
water fountains, and old-world architecture of the mansion coming into view. 
She took a
deep breath as she parked the car. You
can do this, Scarlett. 
The sky
started turning a mix of orange and pink, signaling the sunset was fast
approaching. She didn’t like meeting at night, but she couldn’t get off work
early and Mr. Semenov insisted they meet at eight o’clock sharp.
Scarlett
lugged all her supplies out of the passenger side. She’d brought an older model
video camera with tripod, voice recorders, paperwork, and her laptop. This was
a huge deal, so she wore her best suit, reserved for only the most important
occasions. The wine-colored skirt and jacket did a great job at concealing her
explosive curves. Her extra weight was only another reason she had to make this
work. Wilson Carter only kept the young, thin girls at the front of the house,
and the same was true for the news and weather editions of his cable network. 
As she
walked up the custom stone staircase toward the entry doors of the house, she
was flanked by Alexei Semenov’s security detail. She held her breath as they
approached her. 
“I have an appointment
at eight o’clock for an interview,” she said before being asked. Scarlett
swallowed hard after speaking. The three men didn’t smile, their faces solemn
as they glared at her with enough malice to make her question her decision to
come. One of the men snatched her bags away from her and began rooting through
them, while another patted her down like a common criminal.
“Mr.
Semenov will see you in the sitting room.” Then he opened the door and motioned
for her to enter. The foyer was bigger than her entire apartment, with vaulting
ceilings and shiny white marble floors. There was enough artwork and stone
sculptures in view to fill a small museum. She walked forward, in complete awe.
No reporter had been through these doors, so she was one of the privileged few
to see the inside the Semenov mansion. It probably helped that she wasn’t a
reporter, and there was no mention of her in any of the articles she had been
part of, not even as a researcher. She was a nobody, fighting to be a somebody.

“Sit here,”
said another man, pointing to one of the sofas. “He will be with you shortly.”
She nodded
and sat down, resting her bags by her feet. Within minutes she was alone in the
sitting room. The place was quieter than a mausoleum. Scarlett tapped her foot,
her nervous energy not letting up. The doors to a study were partially open
ahead of her, the glow from a desk lamp catching her attention. Should she take
some pics? She didn’t want to do anything that might get her into trouble, so
she didn’t risk it. Instead, she began to attach the tripod to the clunky old
video camera in preparation for the interview. After today, maybe they’d trust
her with the newer equipment.
At just a
few minutes to eight, a couple men in suits rushed down the hallway,
brandishing handguns. She gasped and froze. There was commotion just out of
sight, and then a gunshot shattered a large clay vase, the shards raining down
on the marble. Scarlett dropped to her knees and crawled to the end of the sofa
to hide. Oh God, why didn’t I listen to
Lisa?
The doors
to the study flung open, and a huge man in a navy suit stood in the entryway
with an automatic weapon in both hands. He looked like the damn Terminator. She
heard different men yelling in Russian but couldn’t understand a word. The big man
didn’t even take a step before he collapsed to the ground after another gunshot
rang off, the sound echoing in the massive sitting room. Then she saw him,
Alexei Semenov, coming around from the grand oak desk in the office. Scarlett
recognized him immediately. His stern, wrinkled face was always plastered on
the news. 
What the hell is happening? 
Alexei
spoke in a cool but arrogant tone, in his own language. Who was he talking to?
Then a different man dressed in all black strode toward the office. He came out
of nowhere, like a ghost. She noticed the hand holding his gun was covered in
ink. In fact, the tattoos even peeked out from the top of his collar, climbing
up his neck. He looked like a force, death personified. The two men spoke
briefly, a calm exchange, and then she watched as the tattooed man put a single
bullet between Alexei’s eyes. It all seemed to happen in slow motion—the
gunshot, the spray of blood, the lifeless body crashing to the floor. 
Scarlett
let out a scream but quickly covered her mouth with both hands. It was too
late. The killer turned his head and looked directly at her crouched down at
the end of the sofa. 
He cursed,
holstering his weapon, and came toward her. She screamed again, toppling back
onto her ass. 
“Shut up,”
he said, yanking her to her feet. 
“I’m
innocent. Please don’t hurt me…”
He noticed
the video camera equipment on the sofa, and it set him off. With a powerful
thrust, he smashed it against the stone floor and stomped it out of existence. 
“You one of
his whores?”
She
struggled to speak, completely tongue-tied, so she shook her head. He growled,
glancing around the ceiling of the room before grabbing a handful of her suit
jacket and tugging her along with him. They ended up in a small, windowless
room with wall to wall surveillance equipment. Probably every room in the house
was being filmed on the small televisions, including every angle of the
property. He took something out of his jacket, slapping it down on the desk. He
hunched over, but she couldn’t see past his massive frame. When he stood back
up, she saw the explosive device with a timer rigged to it. Forty-five seconds
and counting. 
She stared
with her mouth agape. Was she dreaming? No, this was definitely a nightmare,
one she wished she could wake up from. Things like this didn’t happen to women
like her. Scarlett could imagine the headlines now: Thirty-six-year-old spinster dies grisly death, leaving behind no one
and nothing. God, how pathetic. She nearly began to cry thinking of all the
life she’d wasted. At least someone at her office would get a headline story
out of this mess, but it sure wouldn’t be her.
Before she
could react, he pulled her through the hallway, shooting every man that came
into view with the pistol in his free hand. When they were in the parking area,
the bomb in the surveillance room went off, the ground quaking beneath her
feet. She flailed, but he had an iron grip on her arm. When she saw her piece
of shit car, she wondered if she could get free long enough to make a break for
it. Then she remembered her keys were in her purse, still in the sitting room.
“Please let
me—”
“Don’t
fucking speak,” he warned, his voice deep and authoritative. He popped open the
trunk of a black BMW and shoved her in. She screamed and kicked, but he only
slammed the trunk down over her, blanketing her in darkness.
****
Fuck! Fuck!
This was
Bain’s first official contract working for Killer of Kings, and he’d wanted to
prove himself a valuable asset. He knew the rules: no witnesses and a clean
hit, nothing unusual from his other work. Bain wanted to send the woman in his
trunk straight to hell, but she didn’t look like she belonged at Semenov’s
place. Cops didn’t give a shit about dead criminals, but an innocent victim
would lead to investigations and news reports. If it got back to Boss that his
mission wasn’t clean, he’d look like a fucking amateur. 
So his
witness was going to disappear without a trace, and nothing would be linked
back to him or to Semenov’s assassination. He still wasn’t sure what the fuck
he was going to do with her, but he’d figure that out later. Killing was what
he did best, and he’d handled worse complications. Bain drove a few miles up
the road, then got out to remove the false magnetic plates. He opened the trunk
to toss them inside, ignoring his human cargo. She gasped when she saw him,
although with no street lights on this stretch of road, he’d be a dark shadow.
Not that it mattered if she saw him clearly or not because he wasn’t letting
her live.
“I’ll do
anything. Please let me go. I promise I won’t say anything.”
She
definitely wasn’t one of Semenov’s girls. Bain had been scoping out his
interactions and routines the past week, and the old bastard preferred his
bitches stick thin and highly processed. His witness had thick curves and not a
stitch of makeup—definitely not Semenov’s type. He wasn’t sure what she was
doing there—maybe applying to scrub the toilets or some other domestic shit.
Then he remembered the camera equipment. 
“Why were
you at Alexei Semenov’s house?”
“I was just
on a job, I mean I was doing an interview … well I was going to do an
interview,” she stammered. “I’m a reporter. Well, I’m a researcher trying to be
a reporter. I swear I don’t know him or you or anything about what happened.”
Of all the
damn luck. A reporter, researcher, whatever the hell that meant. 
“Who knows
you were there?”
“Nobody.”
He didn’t
believe a word she said. For all he knew there would be a media frenzy
tomorrow. He’d have to keep her breathing until things settled down. Once he
was sure her disappearance wasn’t an issue, he could finish her off and burn
the remains at the dump a couple counties over. 
“You should
have stayed home.” He locked her back in the trunk. 
Bain had a
house in the rural area outside the city. He didn’t like noise, people, or
distractions. He valued his privacy. 
After his
contract with Bernard Sutherland went bad, Boss had shown up at Bain’s house
uninvited. He wasn’t sure how the fuck he got his address. Bain had refused to
work for Killer of Kings when Viper signed on years ago, not comfortable being
under anyone’s control. But Boss wasn’t ready to give up, offering him the kind
of cash he couldn’t refuse. 
No one else
popped by to pay a visit. Salesmen were greeted with a shotgun, and soon no one
dared to set foot on his property. His house wasn’t luxurious. It was a shitty,
century farm house that had been deserted and sold off in a power of sale. He
liked that it was off the grid, open concept, and surrounded by acreage. There
was no way he could live in a cramped condo or row housing. The confinement of
city living didn’t suit him.
He unlocked
the front door and disabled his security system. It cost more than the damn
house. Bain dropped his duffel bag on the slab kitchen table and unzipped it.
He’d only used his handguns today, so it wouldn’t take him long to clean them.
All his weapons were well maintained, clean, oiled, and precision tested. This
contract had been easier than he expected. Easy money was always a good thing.
Then he remembered the woman in his trunk, and his mood soured.
Bain
pounded his fist on the table, the weapons clanging together in the bag. Just
thinking of her pissed him off. He hated complications. 
He shrugged
off his jacket, and then grabbed a black garbage bag from the cupboard and
returned to the car. There were few stars in the sky, the darkness only cut
when the light in the trunk clicked on. He stared down at the woman. Sweat
matted her hair to her cheek, and even the minimal lighting made her squint.
She held her forearms in front of her face in a defensive posture. 
Bain shoved
the bag over her head and heaved her out of the trunk. “Walk. If you try
anything stupid, I’ll kill you.”
She kept
quiet as he led her into his house. This was the first female in his place.
When he fucked around, he did it anywhere else. Those occasions were few and
far between. He was raised in hell itself, forced to seduce and fuck rich,
older women so his captors could bribe them or get closer to their husbands’
money. Sex had become something he hated, a punishment. He preferred the brutal
beatings over the nights in strange beds, knowing he often had to murder the
women he’d been forced to deceive.
Once
inside, he locked the door and led her to the basement. He never went down
there, but he wasn’t going to keep this bitch under foot, so it was going to be
her home until he decided otherwise. Bain thought about how much he hated
women, but that wasn’t true—he hated everyone. The whole world was against him,
and even God abandoned him long ago. 
The wooden
stairs leading into the basement were rickety, each step punctuated with a
groan or creek. There was only one lightbulb swinging from the ceiling, barely
lighting up the damp space. Once they were on the concrete floor, he tugged the
garbage bag off her head and tossed it aside. She gasped for air, brushing her
hair off her face. Her eyes were wild with panic, a look he’d seen too many
times to count. 
“Where are
we?” she whispered. 
“It’s your
final destination. No hard feelings, but damn, you were in the wrong place at
the wrong time.” 
She hugged
herself. “What are you going to do to me?”
“Relax. I’m
not raping you,” he said, insulted. Bain could get any pussy he wanted. He
didn’t need to kidnap women just to get laid.
“Please let
me leave.”
“That’s not
happening.” He pulled an old wooden chair from the darkness and set it against
the wall. “Keep quiet down here. If you annoy me, you won’t eat.”
“But—”
“I don’t
think you understand how this works. It’s very simple. You do as I say or
things go bad for you. Behave yourself, and you’ll get food and bathroom
privileges.”
He wanted
to get the fuck upstairs, the dankness already creeping along his skin. There
were a few facts he needed from the woman—her name, family history, basic
description. It would help him keep tabs on the news reports and aid him in
digging deeper if he needed to. 
Bain took a
section of hair that had escaped her loose bun and felt it between his fingers.
Then he tilted her chin up and took a good look at her—brown hair and green
eyes. 
“What’s
your name?”
“Scarlett.”
“Scarlett
what?”
“Scarlett
Meyers.”
“You
married? Kids?”
She shook
her head.
“Your
parents work for the government?”
Scarlett
narrowed her eyes. “No, why does any of this matter? I’m nobody. I’m not a
threat to you or anyone.”
He put a
finger to his lips. “Who do they work for?”
“I don’t
know.”
Bain
grabbed her jacket and gave her a quick jerk. “Hey, I asked you a fucking
question.”
Her eyes
welled up with tears. “I don’t know! My dad left when I was six, and I haven’t
talked to my mom in years.”
Good. The fewer
people looking for her, the better. He pressed her shoulder down to get her to
sit on the chair, then squatted down and patted her hips, feeling for pockets.
“You have any weapons on you?”
“No.”
His cell
phone rang, so he stood back up and walked away from her. 
“You get
the job done?” asked Boss.
“I always
get the job done.”
“That’s
what I like to hear. I have another contract for you. Interested?”
Killing was
all he knew. From the planning stage, surveillance, to pulling the trigger, it
was all a rush. Something dark resided in him, for as long as he could
remember, and it seemed his job as a mercenary was the only thing that kept it
sated. 
“Sure, why
not?”
“Excellent.
Now that Viper’s retired, I’m short a good man. You can go far with Killer of
Kings, Bain.” 
Bain wasn’t
worried about the next paycheck or maintaining a lavish lifestyle. His life was
no frills. He also had so much fucking cash that he was already set for life.
He did his job because he had to.
“Help me!”
He whirled
around. The little bitch had some nerve. Bain glared at her, his jaw twitching
with his rising anger.
“Who was
that?” asked Boss. 
“Don’t
worry about her. You’re not the only one I work for,” he said, dismissively.
“Text me the details. I’ll be busy for a while.” He put his phone in his pocket
and crossed his arms over his chest. There were so many wicked things he could
do to Scarlett to make her pay for her disobedience. He’d doled out every kind
of torture in his day, most learned from personal experience. Right now, all he
cared about was ensuring she kept quiet while he was away on his next hit. With
his luck, someone would come to his front door and hear her screaming. 
“You’ve
been a bad girl, Scarlett.”
She stared
at him, her big green eyes roaming over his body. He looked down at himself.
Over the years he’d gotten so much fucking ink that there wasn’t much skin left
untouched. It was a necessity, his way of covering up the past, an attempt to
change himself into something new. It was never enough, the scars and memories
continuing to haunt him. 
“What do
you think I should do to you for that little stunt?”
Her mouth
opened, then closed. “I didn’t mean it.”
“Of course
you did. You’re trying to save yourself, but what you don’t realize is there’s
no escape. Nobody knows where you are, and by the sounds of it, nobody gives a
shit.”
“You’re
never letting me leave?”
“There you
go, now you’re catching on. But until I can trust you, I’m sure you understand
why I have to use this.” He pulled out a black gag from his back pocket, waving
it in front of her, and then motioned her to walk up the stairs. There was no
way he could stand coming down into the shitty basement to check on her every
few hours. The dank space was worse than he remembered, so he’d keep her within
arm’s length for now.
When they
got to the top of the stairs, she made a break for it. 
 
End of sample
chapter
 
http://www.evernightpublishing.com/broken-bastard-by-sam-crescent-and-stacey-espino
 









