

Chapter One





I felt alive.

The alternating flashes of dark and soft lights, the throbbing pulse from an Ellie Goulding club mix, the movement of sweaty bodies dancing, grinding, enjoying each other—The Sky Launch Nightclub got into my blood and turned me on in a way that I hadn’t let anyone or anything else do in quite some time. When I was there—working the bar, assisting the wait staff, attending to the DJs—I felt more free than at any other time of my day. The club held magic.

And, for me, healing.

For all its vibrancy and life, the club was a safe haven for me. It was a place I could attach myself without worry of going overboard. No one was going to sue me for focusing too hard or long on my job. But rumor was The Sky Launch, which had been up for sale for quite some time, was about to be sold. A new owner could change everything.

“Laynie.” Sasha, the waitress working the upper floor, pulled me from my thoughts and back to my job. “I need a vodka tonic, a White Russian, and two Butterballs.”

“Got it.” I pulled the vodka from the shelf behind me.

“I can’t believe how busy we are for a Thursday,” she said as I worked on her order.

“It’s the summer crowd. Give it a week, and the place will explode.” I couldn’t wait. Summer at the club was a total blast.

“That’s when things around here get fun.” David Lindt, the general manager of the club, joined our conversation, a sparkle showing in his eyes as the bright white light that lit the bar illuminated his face.

“Real fun.” I gave David a wide smile and winked while I placed the drinks on Sasha’s tray, my stomach tensing with a flicker of desire.

He answered my wink with one of his own, stirring the flicker in my belly to a low flame.

David wasn’t the love of my life—not even the love of the moment—but his shared passion for the club sparked something in me. My interest in learning more and moving up from bartending had seemed to interest him as well. More than one late night of showing me the ropes had ended in heavy make-out sessions. Though I hadn’t been instantly attracted to him, his small stature, curly blonde hair and blue eyes had grown on me. Also, his keen business sense and exceptional management style were qualities I required in a man. And, truthfully, the lack of effect he had on my emotions provided half the draw. We had decent chemistry, but he didn’t have me freaking out all over him like I had over other guys. He was safe and solid and that was my definition of the perfect man.

I rang up Sasha’s order while David filled shot glasses—Todd’s order, I suspected, another waiter standing next to Sasha. David rarely stepped behind the bar anymore, but we were short-staffed for the night and I welcomed his help. Especially with the way we were picking up. A regular and his friends had leaned against the bar waiting for my attention, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw a suit taking a spot at the far end of the counter.

I handed Sasha her ticket, but David stopped her before she could take off. “Hold on. While there’s at least a few of us here, I think we should toast to Laynie.” He passed around the shots he’d been filling. Tequila—my liquor of choice.

I peered at him suspiciously. While it wasn’t unusual to have a shot or two while working a shift, it was always kept on the down-low, never in front of our manager and certainly not at his encouragement.

“No worries,” David said, bumping my shoulder with his. “It’s a special occasion.”

With a shrug, I smiled and took the shot he offered me. “You’re the boss.”

“We’re too busy for a proper toast, so let’s just say this is to Laynie. We’re proud of you, girl.”

I blushed and clinked glasses as everyone around, including the regular customer and his friends, shouted out “hear, hear” and “cheers.”

“Woo hoo!” I screamed my own excitement. I’d worked hard to get my degree. I was proud of myself too. I slammed the shot back, enjoying the burn as it lined my throat and spread through my veins. “Goddamn, that’s nice!”

Aware that the crowd was getting antsy, Sasha took off with her order while David filled Todd’s. I turned my attention first to the regular, a guy whose name deserted me. He leaned in to give me a hug, which I returned. I might not remember him, but I knew how to earn my tips.

“Four of whatever’s on tap,” he said, raising his voice over the music which seemed to have gotten louder in the last few minutes. “Where’s Liesl?”

I handed him his first two mugs and began work on the next two. “Since she’s covering all my shifts next week she has tonight off.” That’s right—this was the guy that usually flirted with Liesl, another bartender.

“That’s cool. So what are you doing on your vacation?” With Liesl not around, Regular turned his charm on me. His eyes travelled to my breasts that were admittedly hard to miss. Especially with my low-cut neckline. I had some nice girls, who could blame me for showing them off?

“Absolutely nothing.” I hoped my delivery sounded like I was looking forward to my vacation. Truth was I’d taken the time off so I could go home and spend time with my older brother. But only that morning, Brian had called the trip off, saying that he was too swamped with work. He wouldn’t even be able to make it to my graduation.

I swallowed the emotions that threatened to show on my face. On top of being disappointed, I was terrified. Me with nothing to occupy my time was not an attractive me. I’d almost told David several times to go ahead and put me on the schedule, but every time I started, I felt like a total loser. Maybe a week off would be good for me. I could handle it. Right?

Now wasn’t the time to fret about the week to come. I finished the transaction with Regular and slid down the bar to take care of the suit at the end of the counter.

“Now what can I get…you…?” My words trailed off as my eyes met the suit’s, the air leaving my lungs, suddenly sucked out by the sight that met me. The man…he was…gorgeous.

Incredibly gorgeous.

I couldn’t look away, his appearance magnetizing. Which meant he was exactly the type of man I should avoid.

After the numerous heartaches that had dotted my past, I’d discovered that I could divide the men I was attracted to into two categories. The first category could be described as fuck and forget. These were the men that got me going in the bedroom, but were easy to leave behind if necessary. It was the only group I bothered with anymore. They were the safe ones. David fell into this category.

Then there were the men that were anything but safe. They weren’t fuck and forget—they were, “Oh, fuck!” They drew me to them so intensely that I became consumed by them, absolutely focused on everything they did, said and were. I ran from these men, far and fast.

Two seconds after locking eyes with this man, I knew I should be running.

He seemed familiar—he must have been in the club before. But if he had been, I couldn’t imagine that I’d have forgotten. He was the most breathtaking man on the planet—his chiseled cheekbones and strong jaw sat beneath perfectly floppy brown hair and the most intense gray eyes I’d ever seen. His five o’clock shadow made my skin itch, yearning to feel the burn of it against my face—against my inner thighs. From what I could see, his expensive three-piece navy suit was fitted and of excellent taste. And his smell—a distinct fragrance of unscented soap and aftershave and pure male goodness—nearly had me sniffing at the air in front of him like a dog in heat.

But it wasn’t just his incomparable beauty and exquisite display of male sex that had me burning between my legs and searching for the nearest exit. It was how he looked at me, in a way that no man had ever looked at me, a hungry possessiveness present in his stare as if he not only had undressed me in his mind, but had claimed me to be sated by no one ever again except him.

I wanted him instantly, a prickle of fixation taking root in my belly—an old familiar feeling. But that I desired him didn’t matter. The expression on his face said that he would have me whether I wanted it or not, that it was as inevitable as if it had already happened.

It scared the hell out of me. The hair on my skin stood up as witness to my fear.

Or perhaps it rose in delight.

Oh, fuck.

“Single-malt Scotch. Neat, please.”

I’d almost forgotten I was supposed to be serving him. And the idea of serving him seemed so sexy, that when he reminded me of my job, I nearly fell over myself to get his drink. “I have a 12-year-old Macallan.”

“Fine.” It was all he said, but the delivery in his low thick voice had my pulse fluttering.

As I handed him his Scotch, his fingers brushed mine and I shivered. Visibly. His eyebrows rose ever so slightly at my reaction, as if he were pleased.

I jerked my hand back, tucking it against the bodice of my sheath dress as if the fabric could erase the warmth that had already traveled from where he’d touched me to the needy core between my legs.

I never brushed fingers with customers—why had I done that?

Because I couldn’t not touch him. I was so drawn to him, so eager for something I couldn’t name that I’d take whatever contact I could get.

Not this again. Not now.

Not ever.

I moved away from him. Far and fast. Well, as far as I could get, curling into the opposite corner of the bar. David could serve the guy if he wanted anything else. I needed to be nowhere near him.

And then, as if on cue in the bad luck life I led, Sasha returned. “David, that group in Bubble Five is harassing the waitress again.”

“On it.” He turned to me. “You can handle it for a minute?”

“I so got this.” I so didn’t have it. Not with Mr. Draw-Laynie-To-Me-Whatever-The-Cost-To-Her-Sanity sitting at the end of the bar.

But my declaration was convincing. David slipped out from behind the counter, leaving me alone with the suit. Even Regular and his friends had joined a group of giggly girls at a nearby table. I scanned the dance floor hoping I could attract customers by glaring at the sea of faces. I needed drink orders. Otherwise, Suit might think I was avoiding him by hiding in my corner, which, of course, I was. But, honestly, the distance between us did nothing to dim the tight ball of desire rolling around in my stomach. It was pointless avoidance.

I sighed and wiped down the counter in front of me, though it didn’t seem to need it, just to keep myself occupied. When I braved a glance over at the hottie who had invaded my space, I noticed his Scotch was nearing empty.

I also noticed his eyes pinned on me. His penetrating gaze felt more than the typical stare of a customer trying to attract the bartender, but knowing I had a tendency to exaggerate the meanings of other people’s actions, I dismissed the idea. Summoning my courage, I forced myself over to check on him.

Who am I kidding? No forcing was necessary. I glided to him as if he were pulling me with an invisible rope. “Another?”

“No, I’m good.” He handed me a hundred. Of course. I’d been hoping he’d give me a credit card so I could glean his name.

No, no, I was not hoping for that. I did not care for his name. Nor did I notice that his left hand was absent of any ring. Or that he was still watching my every move as I took the cash he’d given me and rung his order into the register.

“Special occasion?” he asked.

I furrowed my brow then remembered he’d seen our toast. “Uh, yeah. My graduation. I walk tomorrow for my MBA.”

His face lit up in honest admiration. “Congratulations. Here’s to your every success.” He raised his drink toward me and downed the final swallow.

“Thank you.” I was transfixed on his mouth, his tongue darting out to clean the last drop of liquid off his lips. Yum.

When he set his glass down, I reached out my hand to give him his change, bracing myself for the thrill of contact that would inevitably happen when he took it from me.

But the contact never came. “Keep it.”

“I can’t.” He’d given me a hundred. For one glass of Scotch. I couldn’t take that.

“You can and you will.” His commanding tone should have rankled me, but instead it got my juices flowing. “Consider it a graduation gift.”

“Okay.” His demeanor took away my will to argue. “Thanks.” I turned to stuff the money into my tip jar on the back counter, pissed at myself for the effect this stranger had on me.

“Is this also a goodbye party?” His voice called from behind me, drawing me back to face him. “I don’t imagine you’ll be using your MBA to continue bartending.”

Of course that’s what a suit would assume. He was probably some business type that shared the opinion of my brother—there were jobs worth having and jobs for other people. Bartending was the latter.

But I loved bartending. More, I loved the club. I’d only started my graduate work because I needed more to do. Something to keep me “occupied” was what Brian had said when he offered to pay for my expenses beyond what my scholarship and financial aid covered.

It was a good decision—the right decision since it essentially stopped my life from spiraling out of control. For the past three years I’d thrown my life into school and the nightclub. Problem was that graduation took most of my preoccupation away. And now bogged down with student loans, I had to figure out how to make ends meet without having to leave The Sky Launch.

But I had a plan. I wanted a promotion. I’d been helping with supervisory duties for the last year, but had been unable to get an official title since managers had to work full-time. Now that school was over, I was available for more hours. David had been grooming me for the position. The only wrinkle in my trajectory could be a new owner. But I wasn’t going to worry about that. Yet.

Explaining my intent to strangers was never easy, though. How wise was it to use an MBA from Stern for a career in nightclub management? Probably not wise at all. So I swallowed before answering the suit. “Actually, I’d like to move up here. I love the nightclub scene.”

To my surprise, he nodded, his eyes shimmering as he sat forward into the bright white light of the bar. “It makes you alive.”

“Exactly.” I couldn’t keep back my smile. How had he known?

“It shows.”

Hot, rich, and in tune with me. He was precisely the kind of man that I could obsess over, and not in the healthy way.

“Laynie!” The shout of the Regular from earlier drew me away from the intense gray eyes of the stranger. “I’m out of here. Wanted to say congrats again and good luck. And, hey, here’s my number. Give me a call sometime. I can help you occupy your week off.”

“Thanks, uh,” I read the name he’d written on the napkin he’d handed me, “Matt.” I waited until he’d walked away before tossing it in the trash under the counter, catching the suit’s eye as I did so.

“Do you do that with every number you receive?”

I paused. It wasn’t like I hadn’t hooked up with customers before, but never with regulars. That was a rule. I didn’t want to see them again. Too much temptation to go crazy over them.

But I had no interest in having that conversation with the suit. And with his eyes constantly on me, I finally believed that my attraction to him wasn’t one-sided. Not when he’d tipped me so generously. “Are you trying to figure out if I’d throw away your number?”

He laughed. “Maybe.”

His reaction made me smile and made the moisture between my thighs thicken. He was fun to flirt with. Too bad I had to end it. I placed my hands on the counter and leaned toward him so he could hear me better over the music, trying not to delight in the searing look he gave my bosom as I did so. “I wouldn’t throw yours away. I wouldn’t take yours at all.”

His eyes narrowed, but the laughter from earlier still danced in them. “Not your type?”

“Not necessarily.” Pretending I wasn’t attracted to him was futile. He had to be aware of my reaction to him.

“Why then?”

“Because you’re looking for something temporary. Something fun to play with.” I leaned even closer to deliver my punch line—the one that would deter even the horniest of men. “And I get attached.” I stood back up to my full height so I could take in his reaction. “Now doesn’t that just scare you shitless?”

I’d expected to see panic flash through his face. Instead, I saw a flicker of amusement. “You, Alayna Withers, do anything but scare me.” But despite his words, he stood, buttoning his suit coat as he did. “Congratulations again. Quite an accomplishment.”

I watched him for far too long as he walked away, more crestfallen about his abrupt departure than I wanted to admit.

It took me a good five minutes after he left to realize I’d never given him my name.





Chapter Two





“Have you met the new owner yet?”

I glanced up from my clipboard at Liesl’s backside as she studied the contents of the small fridge behind the bar, her cascading purple hair dancing with her movements. My brow furrowed. I hadn’t forgotten about the new owner but had tried not to think about him, knowing I’d obsess.

Irritation at being reminded of him now filled my response. “When would I have met him?” I hadn’t been at the nightclub since my graduation more than a week before.

Liesl closed the door to the fridge and shrugged. “I don’t know. You could have stopped by or something.”

She knew me too well. I’d stopped myself several times that past week from wandering over. It had been a battle, but I’d stayed away. “Nope. Actually, I spent most of the week at a spa near Poughkeepsie.”

“Well, la de da!” Liesl raised a studded eyebrow. “Did you win the lotto when I wasn’t looking?”

“Hardly. It was a gift from Brian.” He hadn’t bothered with a card, just an envelope containing the train ticket and voucher for the resort delivered to me by my doorman the morning of my graduation. It was thoughtful. And so very unlike my brother. Maybe it had been his wife’s idea.

“How…nice.” Liesl detested Brian and never bothered to hide it. One of the few people in my life who knew my history, she was fiercely loyal and always on my side. My brother, not so much. That automatically put them at odds.

“Don’t sound so shitty. It was nice. I did a bunch of crap I’d never done before—horseback riding, rock climbing. Tons of spa treatments—feel my skin!” I held out my hand for her to feel. “My hands have never been this soft.”

“You’re not kidding. Baby smooth.”

“It was good for me. Really. Exactly what I needed. Relaxing but still kept me preoccupied.”

“Wow. Score one for Brian. Maybe he’s finally growing up.” Her voice lightened. “And how was your time not at the spa?”

Miserable. The five days at the spa had been perfect, but after the trip was over, I had to return to my real life, which meant an empty apartment and a mind that refused to stop working. “I’m glad to be back, if that’s what you’re asking. And I may have four or five files of new ideas for the club.”

She laughed. “Hey, at least that’s healthy obsessing.”

I smiled sheepishly. “Healthyish.” I searched for the Skyy Vodka that my report said should be on the shelf and marked its presence on my paper when I found it. There were benefits to an active mind. I always had perfect inventories and flawless presentations. It was in relating with people—men, to be precise—that obsessing had its disadvantage.

I leaned against the back counter and checked my watch. Fifteen minutes until opening. That meant fifteen more minutes before the lights went down and into club mode. The club with all the lights on made me vulnerable and bare and out-of-place. Even Liesl’s sassy gossipy personality was muted as if someone had turned down her volume. We’d never have this conversation in club mode.

My eyes traveled across the bar, lingering on the spot the suit had sat in the last time I’d worked. It wasn’t the first time I’d thought of him since that night. He’d known my name. Had he overheard it? Not my last name. He must have asked someone, although I hadn’t seen him talking to anyone else. But maybe before I’d taken his order…I hadn’t been paying attention to him. Maybe someone had told him then.

“Whatcha thinking?” Liesl cut through my thoughts, mimicking my lean against the counter.

I shrugged. She’d freak if I told her some random guy knew my name, assume that my safety was at risk. I, on the other hand, had distinct empathy for people who had the need to gather more information than they should. And I didn’t want a lecture on would-be stalkers. I knew all about stalking.

But I could tell her other things about the mysterious stranger. “Last time I worked, this guy—” I paused, remembering how magnetically attractive the suit had been. “This incredibly hot guy, actually—gave me a hundred dollars for three fingers of Macallan. Told me to keep the change.”

“And did he expect you to blow him after your shift?”

“No. I thought that was what he was about, but…” What had he wanted? He’d seemed so into me, or had I imagined that, swayed by my own intense desire for him? “I don’t know. He left without trying anything.” I’d meant to scare him off, but that hadn’t seemed to be the reason he left. “It was…odd.”

“Midnight masturbation material?”

“I’ll never tell.”

“Your face says it all.”

Over the past week, he had entered my thoughts, wearing decidedly less than he had when I’d seen him at the bar. And while sexual fantasies were innocent enough for most people, thinking too much about any guy was never good for me and Liesl knew it. But I didn’t need her lecture. As long as I didn’t see him again—and chances were slim that I would—I’d be fine.

I moved to straightening things on the counter that didn’t need to be straightened and changed the subject. “So the new owner…you’ve met him? What’s he like?”

Liesl shrugged. “He’s all right. Younger than you’d imagine. Like, twenty-seven or twenty-eight. Fucking rich. He’s insane about clean-up, though. We’ve been calling him the Bar Nazi. He inspects everything, wiping his finger on the counters to make sure they’re clean, like he’s got OCD or something. Oh, and talk about masturbation material, he’s psychotically hot.”

Liesl thought any guy with a fat wallet who still had his hair was hot, so her statement didn’t say much. But the Bar Nazi remark made me smile. The staff had been lax on cleaning standards for some time and could do with some tough love. At least, that’s what I’d say if I were a manager. It gave me hope that the new owner and I might get along just fine.

I wondered about the man who finally ponied up the unreasonable asking price for the club. Not that The Sky Launch couldn’t be worth it, but it needed some serious overhaul to stand out in the sea of New York City clubs. Would the new owner see the place’s potential? How hands-on would he be? Would he leave the business under David’s control?

“You’ll meet him tonight.” Liesl ran her barbell across her lower lip. “I guess he’s a big deal in the business world. You’ve probably heard of him—Houston Piers or something like that.”

My jaw dropped. “Do you mean Hudson Pierce?” I waited while she nodded. “Liesl, Hudson Pierce is only the most successful business man under thirty in America. He’s like a god in that world.” Hudson had been born into wealth with modern day Rockefellers for parents. The eldest son, he’d expanded the Pierce wealth tenfold. As a business student I’d been intrigued with a number of his dealings.

“You know I’m not into all that Who’s Who bullshit.” Liesl straightened to her full five-foot-ten plus three-inch heels height. “Though I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s on the Top Ten of, like, every Hottest-slash-Sexiest-slash-Most-Beautiful list in the world.”

I bit my lip trying to conjure up an image of him in my head. I’d probably seen a picture of him somewhere, but I couldn’t for the life of me remember what he looked like. I generally didn’t pay attention to those things. But something tugged at the edges of my brain, something I couldn’t quite grasp. A connection my mind was failing to make.

“Anyway,” Liesl said, leaning back against the counter, “I think he’s around. I saw him go into the offices earlier when you were grabbing napkins from storage.”

I nodded, not sure if I was thrilled to meet Hudson Pierce or not. Part of me wanted to fan girl all over one or two of his more famous corporate decisions. And bouncing ideas off of him could be thrilling.

Or terrifying. What if I had nothing to suggest that he hadn’t already thought of? Hudson Pierce didn’t need my lame ideas to help him make the club thrive.

Unless he wasn’t planning to be involved with the business.

But why would he buy the club if he didn’t intend on being involved? In which case…

Crap. Before my visions of the future I desired went poof in my overactive imagination, I needed to meet Pierce and feel him out, whether I was intimidated or not.

I took several inconspicuous calming breaths then returned my focus to stocking the bar. Concentrating on my task, I pulsed absentmindedly to the techno strains that streamed over the sound system and let go of all my worries.

The music wasn’t on normal business volume—we could talk comfortably without raising our voices—but it was loud enough that I didn’t hear the office door open to the left of the bar. That’s why I didn’t notice Hudson at first. My back was to him and my gaze fixed above me as I reached for the Tequila Gold on the upper bar shelf. Even after I’d retrieved the bottle and turned around, my eyes first found David’s. He scanned me from head to toe and I smiled, pleased that my tightly fitted corset hadn’t gone unnoticed. He was the reason I’d worn the damn thing. I could barely breathe under its vice-like grip. But for the searing look he gave me, it was worth it, heating me to low simmer in the arousal department.

Then I met Hudson’s stare and two things happened simultaneously. First, my arousal went full boil. Second, my brain finally made the connection it had missed before. Hudson Pierce was the suit.

Without meaning to, I scanned his body. The full view of him was even hotter, especially in the better lighting. Again he wore a suit, two-piece this time, a light gray that I’d almost call silver. It fit his lean body in such a sexual way that it felt obscene to look at him.

When my eyes made it to his face—his strong jaw, even more pronounced than I’d remembered, begging to be licked and kissed and nibbled—I found he was checking me out as well. The knowledge of this made my already warm face flush deeper. Though his gaze wasn’t as intense as it had been when I’d first met him, his pull was just as strong, and I knew—absolutely unequivocally knew—that he desired me as much as I desired him.

David spoke first, his words coming at me through a haze, barely registering. “This is Laynie.” I suspected his eyes hadn’t left my bosom. “Um, Alayna Withers, I mean.” Normally I’d be ecstatic that I had him so mixed-up and that his pants were visibly straining, but I was thrown by the new owner. More precisely, by how insanely he affected me.

“Hudson Pierce.” Hudson’s smooth, low murmur had me clenching my thighs together, my panties pooling with moisture. And if I thought he’d claimed me with his eyes the night we’d met, the surge that ran through me as he shook my hand deepened his possession. Almost like an invisible handcuff reaching out to bind me to him permanently. “Good to meet you properly, Ms. Withers.”

“Alayna,” I corrected, surprised at the low ache in my voice. “Or Laynie.”

He dropped my hand, but his touch lingered on my skin, in my veins.

Pieces began to fit together. That was how he’d known my name. He’d probably come that night to check out his would-be staff. But that didn’t explain his possessive staring. Maybe he was the type to think of women as objects. Maybe he took the definition of owner to a whole other level. The thought made my skin pebble in goose bumps.

And underneath that, panic crept into my gut.

I could not be this twisted up over my boss, the head honcho, the guy who would determine my fate at the club. Freaking out over him would end in serious consequences.

I placed a hand loosely over my belly, encouraging a deep diaphragmatic breath to calm my growing anxiety.

Hudson tilted his head and studied me. “I’ve heard many things about you. And witnessed your work.” He paused, moving his gaze up and down my body once more, scorching my skin as he did. “But none of what I heard or saw prepared me to find you wearing this ensemble.”

The color drained from my face. I wasn’t sure where he was going with his statement, but from his tone, I felt chided. “Excuse me?”

“I would think a graduate of Stern looking for a career in management would be more appropriately dressed.”

As quickly as I paled before, now I flushed, equal parts embarrassed and enraged. Sure my top was revealing, but he hadn’t seemed to mind when he ogled me only a moment before.

Or maybe his ogling had merely been wishful thinking.

Shit. I’d imagined it all, hadn’t I? That whole knowing he desired me—god, how had I so completely misread him?

Even in my error, I couldn’t take his criticism without responding. Whether Hudson owned other nightclubs or not, I had no clue, but he was certainly wrong about what acceptable attire was. Eye candy was expected at a club. Hot girls drove in customers. “What I’m wearing is quite appropriate for a club staff.”

“Not for someone working toward manager.”

“Yes, even managers. Sex sells, Mr. Pierce.”

“Not at an elite club. Not at the kind of club I intend to run.” His authoritative tone resonated through my head, but then he lowered his volume and the words resonated through my bones. “You must know that women have a difficult time in the business world. You need to work to be taken seriously, Alayna. Dress sexy, not like a floozy.”

I clenched my jaw shut. Normally I’m the type to argue well past the point of winning or losing—I’d had several heated debates in more than one of my graduate classes—but now I found myself flustered and at a loss for words. Hudson was right. I had ideas for the club—ideas that required people to trust my business savvy. I’d learned at Stern what it took to impress people and, to my credit, I’d hesitated when I’d purchased the corset, wondering if the open middle that revealed my midriff from the insides of my breasts to my belly button was too revealing. His words validated that fear.

Worse, I realized that what I’d thought was desire was something so much different. He wasn’t claiming me, he was judging me.

My stomach dropped. There went any chance at promotion. How could I have been so stupid? Dressing for a guy instead of my career? Stupid, stupid, stupid!

I looked to David and discovered he was equally petrified at the transaction. “Um, yeah, Laynie,” he said, attempting to recover. “Is that new?”

It didn’t matter what David said. The glimmer in his eyes told me he appreciated my outfit. But he was with his new boss. He had to keep it professional.

And truthfully, I cared more about Hudson’s opinion at the moment than David’s. David was a category one attraction, after all. The kind of guy I didn’t emotionally invest in. Hudson, on the other hand, was…

No, I wouldn’t think about him like that.

I ran my tongue across my dry lips. “It is new.” I hoped I didn’t sound as ashamed as I felt. “I apologize. I misjudged.” I also sort of hated Hudson Pierce. Even though he was in the right. He was an asshole with wandering eyes, just like all the other suits I’d ever met.

“I’ve got that lace pullover in my locker,” Liesl offered. “It should tame you.”

“Thanks. I’ll take it.”

Liesl whispered in my ear as she brushed past me toward the staff break room. “Though, if you ask me, you look damn fine!”

“Now that that’s taken care of...” Hudson turned his attention to David. “I’ve changed my mind about returning this weekend.” David visibly relaxed. But Hudson’s next statement had him stiffening again. “I’ll be back tomorrow. I can’t be here until nine. Could you spare time for me then?”

I fiddled with the napkin holders, even though I’d already stocked them, not sure if I was supposed to be part of the conversation or if I should get back to my duties.

“Of course,” David said, even though nine was when the club opened and wasn’t really a convenient time to have a meeting.

“Good.” Hudson turned to me and I froze mid-napkin shuffle. “Alayna, you’ll be here as well.”

Still ruffled from my disastrous mistake, I was uneager to accept the invitation—the demand, rather. But I’d have to get over my rough start if I expected to continue working with him. Not even sure he expected a response, I gave one anyway. “Yes, sir.”

Hudson narrowed his eyes, so I couldn’t be certain, but they seemed to have dilated. He scrutinized me as if deciding something—whether to fire me, maybe, or give me another shot. After several painful seconds, he simply nodded. “Tomorrow.” Then he turned to leave.

David and I watched in silence as Hudson walked toward the club doors. At least, I watched, too distracted by the hint of tight rear end under the bottom of his suit jacket to notice what David was doing. Damn, Hudson looked just as good from the rear as from the front. If he was going to be in the club a lot I was going to have to start wearing panty liners.

The minute Hudson’s gorgeous backside disappeared into the entrance area, David let out a sigh, reminding me of his presence.

I stared at him, wide eyed. “What the fuck?”

David chuckled. “I have no idea. I’ve only met with Pierce once before today and we haven’t gotten much into anything besides me explaining our current business operations. He’s certainly odd, though.”

“Well, what do you expect, growing up with all that wealth and pressure to succeed?” Why the hell was I defending him? The man made me feel anxious and intimidated and humiliated. And maybe a little bit excited. Oh, and horny as all get out. I wasn’t even going to acknowledge the fixation I knew I would have on him if I didn’t get myself under control.

I took a deep breath, hoping to release the strange knot in my stomach that thinking about Hudson created. “I don’t know what I’m saying. I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.”

“Don’t worry, Laynie.”

Remembering he was the one I was almost sort of dating, I met David’s blue eyes, straining to recapture the certainty that he was perfect for me.

Misinterpreting my anxiety to be about my job, he continued. “Pierce has too many high profile assets. He won’t want to spend too much of his time on the club. I’m sure he’ll let things run pretty much as is with maybe some minor finessing. And as long as I have a say in it, you’ll have a more significant role.”

David grinned, more at my chest than at my face. “Want to stay and help close tonight?”

His playful change of attitude provided the assurance I needed. “I was counting on it.”





At four a.m. the club shut down for the night, and David and I worked quickly and efficiently, splitting the managerial duties between us. When all the drawers had been counted and the money dropped in the safe, he dismissed the rest of the staff and sat behind his desk to finish up the reports. I perched on the desktop and swung my feet as I watched him work.

David glanced over at me and smiled before returning to his monitor. “Thank god you were behind the counter earlier. Who knows what else Hudson would have said about your outfit if he’d seen those pants?”

I glanced down at the black slinky pants that were so tight they gave me camel toe. They made me feel sexy, and for some reason that made me think of Hudson’s dark expression when he’d first laid eyes on me. The expression I’d since convinced myself was imagined.

“Great. Now you’re telling me I have to throw these out too?”

“Well, just don’t wear them while you’re working.” He stood so he could reach the printer on the corner of the desk behind me. “For the record,” he said as his arm brushed my waist. “I don’t disapprove of this outfit in the slightest.”

I, on the other hand, wanted to burn the whole ensemble. It had caused me nothing but trouble all night—drunk patrons thinking they could touch me and say things to me that they otherwise wouldn’t.

But I’d worn it for David—for the moment when we’d be alone. This was it.

I put on a fake pout. “Too bad your opinion isn’t the one that matters.”

David leaned in close. “My opinion doesn’t matter?”

“Actually,” I said, grabbing his jacket by the lapels, “your opinion matters very much.”

His voice lowered. “Then I think you look sexy as hell.”

He covered his mouth with mine, plunging his tongue deep inside. I wrapped my arms around his neck and darted my own tongue between his lips. The arousal that had been ignited by the heated stare of Hudson Pierce hours earlier had remained just at bay throughout the night. Now it returned full force with David’s kiss.

I moved my hands along his torso and downward to his pants. But when I began to fumble with his buckle, he pulled away.

I opened my eyes and startled. For a moment I’d expected to see the gray eyes of Hudson staring back at me instead of David’s dull blue. What was wrong with me? Man, that Hudson could mess with a girl’s mojo.

David caressed my shoulder. “We need to stop this, Laynie.”

I blinked. “What do you mean? Why?”

“Look, I like you. I really like you. But…” He appeared to be struggling with himself. He dropped his arm from my shoulder. “If you’re serious about getting the management position, do you really think we should be messing around? How would that look? I’m sure that Pierce wouldn’t approve.”

I hadn’t thought about it quite like that. In my fantasies, David Lindt and Alayna Withers-Lindt ran The Sky Launch as a couple, driving the club to new and unbelievable success. The fantasy had never included a part where the rest of the staff and the club owner accused me of sleeping my way to the top.

“We could keep it secret,” I said softly, not willing to let go of a vital part of my dream. Not willing to lose my safety net.

“It doesn’t have to be forever. But for now, especially when I’m not sure what Pierce’s plans are for me or for the club. I think we need to take a break.”

“Sure.” I forced a smile. I didn’t want him to realize the extent of my disappointment. We hadn’t even been dating. We’d barely been fooling around. Why did I feel so crushed?

I thought about what had drawn me to David in the first place. He wasn’t the smartest guy I knew and not the hottest. I didn’t even really know him all that well. And it wasn’t as if I didn’t have other options. I was an attractive girl working at an elite nightclub—I’d had plenty of opportunities for sex in the city. Yummy opportunities. Not anyone as yummy as Hudson Pierce, but yummy nonetheless.

I shook my head as I hopped off David’s desk. Why did my thoughts keep leading back to Hudson? Even in the middle of a sorta-not-at-all break-up, I was thinking of him. And Hudson was exactly the kind of guy I shouldn’t be thinking about. At all. Ever. Not if I wanted to maintain the modicum of control I’d managed to acquire in the past few years.

“Are you okay, Laynie?” David’s voice brought me back to the present awkwardness.

Damn it. I’d been so sure of a relationship with David that I’d pictured us sending Christmas cards together. Okay, maybe I’d fixated on him more than I wanted to admit, but not so intently that I was going to wig out about ending it. The biggest bitch of the whole situation was that now I didn’t have a safe guy to hide behind. Now I was vulnerable to notice other not-so-safe men. Men like Hudson.

Oh, god, was this the beginning of an obsessive episode?

No, I’d be fine. I had to focus on my promotion. I was stronger than this.

“Yeah. I’m fine. If you’re almost done, I’m going to get changed.”

David nodded. I hurried to the staff break room across the hall. Stripping out of my corset and tight pants, I changed into sweat shorts and a sports bra, stuffing the troublesome outfit into my duffel bag. Since there wasn’t a straight subway line from Columbus Circle to my apartment at Lexington and Fiftieth, I usually ran it. Sometimes after a long shift I’d take the bus or cab, but with all the stressors of the night, I needed the cardio to direct my focus.

Fifteen minutes later, I hit the pavement, taking in the fresh morning air with the rest of NYC’s early morning joggers. I loved the feeling of unity it gave me, even though most of the other runners were starting their day, not ending it as I was.

Quickly, I got into my groove, running along the south border of Central Park, but the steady rhythm of my body wasn’t enough to drown the thoughts of David and my future at The Sky Launch. Wasn’t enough to drown my thoughts of the gorgeous new owner who had demanded I meet with him later that night. Worry set in again. Was Hudson planning to fire me? Or did I still have a shot at promotion?

One thing was certain—I’d be a lot more thoughtful about my choice of wardrobe in the future.





Chapter Three





I took a cab to the club that evening, which had been a mistake. Unusual traffic had me arriving at three after nine. I hurried toward the office but was stopped at the upstairs bar by Liesl.

“David and hot owner boy are already in there,” she said over the club music, playing with a strand of purple hair. “Hudson told me to have you wait here. He’ll let you know when he wants you.”

“Dammit! I’m not that late, am I?”

“No, they went in there about ten minutes ago. They have no idea what time you got here.”

I relaxed, thankful that my exclusion from the meeting wasn’t because I’d been tardy. I hopped onto a bar stool nearest the office and set my computer bag on the floor at my feet.

“Hold on, Laynie,” Liesl said coming around the bar. “Let me see you.”

I stood up again and turned around, displaying my bodycon dress. I’d picked it because the white tie color had a business style to it, but the tight black skirt said nightclub instead of office secretary.

“Fuck, girl, you look good!” Liesl’s validation calmed me more than she could ever know. Or maybe she did know. She was a good friend.

“Thanks. I needed that. Especially after Mr. Disapproval last night.”

“He is now known as the Bar and Wardrobe Nazi.”

I laughed and hopped back onto my stool. The same stool Hudson had sat on the first time I saw him. “Hey, you know he’s the suit I was telling you about, the one who gave me the hundred.”

“You’re shitting me!”

“I’m not. Do you think he wants me to blow him to get the promotion?”

“Would it be that bad if he did?”

“Yes. It would be utterly, wonderfully, horrible.” But mostly it was horrible how not bad that idea sounded.

While trying to empty my mind of Hudson blowjob images, I surveyed the club. The place was slow, even for a Wednesday night. From the bar, I had full view of the ten bubble rooms that circled the perimeter of the upper level. The bubble rooms were The Sky Launch’s highlight. Each room, round in shape, featured a glass wall overlooking the dance floor on the lower level, and had private access much like box seats at a stadium. They all had a curved seating area around a table, and fit eight people comfortably. The bubbles provided a relatively quiet and discreet area while still being very much part of the club. When the occupied lights were on, the outer walls of the bubble rooms glowed red. Only two were lit up. A shame. If the club had the kind of notoriety it could have, those rooms would fill within the first ten minutes of being open.

“God, I hope it picks up,” Liesl said, draping her torso across the counter next to me. “I can’t make it through a full shift at this pace. It’s so boring!”

“I hope so, too.” We should have been busting with the summer crowd by now. The lack of business made me feel more confident about my ideas for the club. I fidgeted, anxious to get in the office and share them with my bosses.

“What did you do today?” Liesl asked.

“I worked on a PowerPoint presentation all morning. I crashed about two.”

Liesl narrowed her eyes. “You need more sleep than that, Laynie.”

“Nah. Five hours is plenty.” I actually felt pretty good. Gathering the best of my thoughts for The Sky Launch into a presentation had been very therapeutic, easing my concerns about my future at the club. Hudson couldn’t fire me after he saw how much time and effort I’d put into the business, could he? Not if my ideas were good, and I knew they were.

I pulled my phone out of my bra cup where I kept it—no pockets in my skin-tight dress—and checked the time. It was almost nine-thirty. How long would they keep me waiting?

They walked out minutes later. I stood the moment I saw them, smoothing my dress down and looked to Hudson, eager for a sign of approval.

But the expression that met me took my breath away—an expression of total male power and dominance. Even in the dark of the club, I could make out his eyes as they perused me—the way he did every time we saw each other. Again I felt claimed by his overwhelming magnetism, my heart racing just at the sight of him. My legs turned to jelly and my knees buckled, tipping me forward.

Into his arms.

He caught me with a graceful ease that contradicted the solid body that held me steady. My hands clenched his dress shirt—how did my hands get under his jacket?—and I resisted the urge to run them across the firm pecs I felt under my grasp.

He mistook my motion, seeming to think I was searching for further stability. “Alayna,” his voice flowed over me like liquid sex. “I’ve got you.”

I’ve got you. Boy, did he.

“Laynie, are you okay?” David peered at me over Hudson’s shoulder. Did he have to ask? Couldn’t he see that I was drowning in lust?

“Yeah,” I managed. “I’m, um, new shoes.”

Hudson glanced down at my strappy rhinestone embellished sandals. “They’re lovely.” His voice came out so deep it rumbled and my belly knotted with the sound.

“Uh, thanks.” I was breathless. And embarrassed when I realized I was still in Hudson’s arms. I eased my grip and pushed myself into a standing position.

“Sorry we kept you waiting.” Hudson’s hands lingered on me until I was steady. “I had a few things to discuss with David privately.”

“No problem.” I still felt the burn of Hudson’s hands on my bare skin. For distraction, I dove into business discussions. “I have so many ideas I’d like to share about the club. I put them into a presentation. I brought my laptop.”

Hudson’s lips curled with a hint of amusement. “How thoughtful. Set up a time with David. I’m sure he’s very interested.”

How thoughtful. As if I’d done something cute. Something only big boys did. How fucking patronizing.

My heart plummeted. I really shouldn’t have been so disappointed. It wasn’t as if I’d been asked to prepare anything. That had been my own hyper-focusing. In fact, I hadn’t even known why I’d been invited to the meeting. Especially now that it was apparently over and I hadn’t even been in on it.

“How about tomorrow, Laynie?” David suggested. “You’re opening anyway. Why not come early? Does six-thirty give you enough time to present?”

“Yeah. I’ll leave my laptop here if you don’t mind.” I bent to pick up my bag, but Hudson reached it before I did.

He handed it to David. “David, could you lock this in the office? I need to eat something. Alayna will join me. I’ve reserved one of the bubbles.” His eyes narrowed as he surveyed the empty rooms. “Though it doesn’t seem a reservation was required.”

I tensed at Hudson’s latest demand. Why wasn’t David joining us? Did Hudson plan on firing me over pecan-crusted salmon? Was that what they had discussed privately?

Or maybe Hudson’s interest in me was less business and more pleasure. The looks he’d given me had suggested it was, and after receiving the same expression on several occasions, I realized I may not have imagined it like I kept trying to convince myself I had.

And that was a scarier thought than being fired. Especially when I’d already felt a tug of fixation. I’d been so stable for the past three years—I couldn’t open myself to get all obsessive over my hot boss. That was a disaster waiting to happen. I definitely should say no to the bubble room.

Except I hadn’t given up on my promotion. And because there was a slight possibility that Hudson wanted to talk to me about that, I had to say yes to dinner, though my acquiescence hardly seemed necessary since he’d had his hand pressed against the small of my back directing me to one of the more private bubbles before I’d even agreed to join him. My body tensed under his touch, and my stomach twisted in a nervous knot that wasn’t exactly unpleasant.

And I was very aware of the eyes that followed us, few as there were in the club, sure that many of them flashed with envy. Alone in a bubble room with Hudson Pierce? All the women in Manhattan should be jealous. Kinky things had been known to happen in those bubbles. I smiled at the possibilities.

Goddammit. What the hell was I thinking? The guy had invited me to dinner, not to his bed. Just because I was all gaga over him, reading sex into his every move, didn’t mean he reciprocated. And the gaga needed to stop once and for all, even if he did reciprocate.

Inside the room, I turned on the occupied light out of habit. Usually a hostess would have done that when they seated the customer, but since we’d sort of skipped the whole hostess formality, I took it upon myself. And I had to do something with my nervous energy. Continuing the job, I grabbed a menu from the wall and handed it to Hudson who stood waiting at the edge of the seating.

He took the menu from me and gestured for me to sit. “After you.”

It had been quite some time since I’d been in a bubble room off-duty and the reversal in my role combined with the “Fuck Me” aura that surrounded Hudson unbalanced me. I slid onto the plush cushion, gripping the table for support.

Hudson stayed standing, watching me intently for several seconds before he removed his gray suit jacket and hung it on the hook behind him. Damn. He was even hotter in only his fitted gray dress shirt. I bit the inside of my cheek, admiring his hard thighs straining against his pants’ fabric as he sat down. God, he was so yummy.

God, I was in trouble.

He tossed the laminated menu on the table without looking at it. “I don’t need this. Do you?”

“No, thank you, Mr. Pierce.” I had the menu memorized. Besides, there was no way I could eat in his presence.

“Hudson,” he corrected.

“No, thank you, Hudson.” His eyes widened slightly when I said his name. “I’ve already eaten.”

“A drink then? Though, I know you work at eleven.”

I licked my lips, thinking more about the man sitting across from me than of thirst, wondering what he had in store for me. “Maybe an iced tea.”

“Good.”

Out of habit, I reached to press the button in the middle of the table to summon the waitress, but he beat me to it, our fingers colliding. I moved to pull my hand away, but he was quicker again, taking my hand into his. I inhaled sharply at the sensation of his skin against mine.

“I didn’t mean to startle you. I was admiring your soft skin.” But his eyes never left mine.

“Oh.” I thought about saying I’d been to an amazing spa, but really, did he care? And besides, talking was difficult with that thing he was doing to my skin, burning it so thoroughly with his caress.

His phone rang and he let go of my hand. I pulled it to my lap, needing the warmth of my body once it’d lost the warmth of his.

“Excuse me,” he said, taking his phone out of his pants pocket and silencing it without looking at the screen.

“You can take it if you need to.” I could use a few minutes to gather my thoughts. Because, what the hell did he want with me? Not only was not knowing killing me, but the more time I spent with Hudson, the easier it was for me to think about him and his amazing gray eyes. And his hard body. And his smooth voice.

“There can’t be anything important enough to interrupt this conversation.”

And even smoother lines.

I opened my mouth to say something, but was interrupted by the door opening. Sasha entered with a tray of food and drinks. I watched as she set down a plate of sea bass and a glass of Sancerre in front of Hudson and a glass of iced tea in front of me. Hudson must have preordered, but how did he know I’d get iced tea?

He must have sensed my question. “I asked Liesl what you usually drank. If you had said you wanted something different, I wouldn’t look quite so cool at this moment.”

That earned him a smile. Whatever his game was, he was working for it. “Hmm, cool is not quite the word I’d use for you.” Hot, blazing, volcanic. All of those words were much more appropriate.

“What word would you use for me then?”

I blushed and delayed answering by taking a swallow of my tea.

Thankfully, Sasha spoke at that moment. “Anything else, Mr. Pierce?” I raised my brow. Would he invite her to call him Hudson as well?

“We’re good.”

Nope. No first name basis for Sasha. Only me. Well, didn’t that have liquid pooling between my thighs?

The door had just shut behind Sasha when Hudson asked again. “What word would you use for me, Alayna?”

The way my name sounded in his sensual voice brought goose bumps to my skin. “Controlled,” I said, without hesitation.

“Interesting.” He took a bite of his bass and I watched, hypnotized by the way his mouth curved around the fork. “Not that controlled isn’t an accurate description of me. But I had thought from the look on your face that you would say something else.”

I began to ask what he had expected me to say, but I wasn’t certain I wanted to walk through that door he’d opened. He didn’t press it, spending the next few minutes eating in silence.

Wanting to let him eat, I turned my body to look at the club below me. Even with my eyes averted, I felt Hudson’s presence hanging on me like a cloak. I wondered about the man sitting across from me. Why had he bought The Sky Launch? What did he want from me? And the most intriguing question, how did I feel about this domineering male who bossed me and chastised me and made me want to climb on to his lap and rub against him like a kitten? Yeah, he was good-looking, but did I like him? Or was he just another rich pompous ass that I was inexplicably drawn to?

“I know why you agreed to dine with me, Alayna.”

I turned back to face him and stilled, wondering where he was possibly going. First of all, I hadn’t actually agreed to dine with him, if that’s what this was. He’d sort of led me there. Secondly, many of the reasons I hadn’t fought against coming with him would be embarrassing if he voiced them. They were numerous: to find out his plans for the club, to get a promotion, to make David jealous. To get in Hudson’s pants.

No, not to get in his pants. That could not be on my list of reasons. Could. Not.

Hudson took a swallow of his wine, then wiped his perfectly formed lips with his napkin. “I have to be honest with you. I don’t intend to help you with your desire to make management.”

I fidgeted, not knowing if I should relax or be disappointed. On the one hand, that was probably the least humiliating reason he could have mentioned for me dining with him. On the other hand, there went my promotion.

“That doesn’t mean you won’t be promoted.” Did Hudson have some sort of mind-reading capability? It would explain how he did so well in the business world. “David said you’re quite capable, and I’m sure you’ll get the position without my help. I may own The Sky Launch, but I am not your boss. David is your boss and will continue to be unless the business no longer thrives under his command.”

Well, then. I could live with that. David had all but guaranteed me a place in management. Plan back on track. And it likely meant that Hudson wasn’t planning on spending a lot of time around the club. I might have sighed audibly.

Hudson leaned back against the couch, draping his arm across the top. “But I didn’t invite you here to discuss the club.”

Finally. I swallowed. “Why did you invite me?”

A hint of amusement crossed Hudson’s face. “Perhaps I like you.”

I shuddered as a thrill traveled up my spine. But I didn’t trust that he was merely trying to pick me up. He was taking too long to make his play, and that would never be Hudson’s style. There was more.

God, I hoped there was more. If he was just trying to pick me up, what the hell was I going to say?

I took a sip of my iced tea, wishing it were something stronger. When I lowered my glass, I said, “Perhaps I’m seeing someone.”

“You aren’t. No man would let his woman wear the outfit you wore yesterday. Not in public, anyway.”

The mention of the outfit I’d nicknamed trouble and the idea that any man would let me do anything ruffled my feathers. “Perhaps I’m not into controlling boyfriends.”

His mouth twitched slightly. “Very well, Alayna.” He cocked a brow. “Are you seeing anyone?”

Of course I wasn’t seeing anyone, damn it. I looked at my lap, my expression telling Hudson all he needed to know. Why did this man make me so flustered? I was a confident, well-spoken woman on a normal day. But not around him.

I sat straighter, attempting to find some semblance of sure footing. “That isn’t why you invited me, Hudson. You have an agenda.”

“An agenda.” Hudson made a sound that I think must have been his version of a chuckle. “Yes, Alayna, I have an agenda.”

And then, instead of sharing his agenda, he changed the subject. “I presume you enjoyed your time at my spa last week.”

Startled by absolutely everything he was saying, I attempted to follow the topic swing. “Oh, I didn’t realize you owned…wait...” And the light went on. “The gift was from you?”

“Yes. Did you have a nice time?”

“No. Way.” I’m pretty sure my jaw dropped. Actually, physically, literally dropped.

“No way?”

Realizing my remark hadn’t expressed what I meant it to express, I tried again. “I mean, yes, I had a nice time—a wonderful time, in fact—but no way could you have done that. Why did you do that? You shouldn’t have done that.”

“Why ever not?”

A whole range of reasons ran through my head, number one being because it was creepy and psychotic. But I had been called both of those things many times and would not throw them easily at another person. I grabbed for the next reason. “Because that’s big!”

“Not for me.”

“But for me it is.” How could he not understand? The vastness of it built in me like champagne bubbles in a newly uncorked bottle. “It’s huge! And you don’t even know me! It’s completely inappropriate and unprofessional and unprecedented and inappropriate. And if I’d known it was from you, I never would have accepted it.” This couldn’t be only about getting in my pants. I could have been won over by much less, as ashamed as I was to admit that to myself.

Hudson took a deep breath, trying to remain patient. “It’s not inappropriate at all. It was simply a gift. Think of it as a golden hello.”

My voice was tight as I strained to keep myself from screaming in frustration. “But you don’t give gifts like that to women who work for you unless you’re running an entirely different kind of club.”

“You’re overreacting, Alayna.”

“I’m not!” Finally his previous statement registered. “And what do you mean a golden hello? You mean, like a signing bonus?” Several of my peers had talked about the bonuses they’d been offered when they’d accepted their six-figure positions after grad school. Cars and stuff like that.

“Yes, Alayna.” He tossed his hand in the air. “That’s my agenda. I would like to hire you.”

He couldn’t have startled me more if he’d asked me to strip for him. Or maybe that’s what he was asking. What exactly did he want to hire me to do? “I already work for you and I’m happy where I am.”

“Again, I don’t feel that you do work for me. I am not your boss. I own the establishment that you work for. That is all. Is that clear?”

Semantics. But I understood what he was attempting to do, separating himself from me and my job at The Sky Launch, so I nodded.

“This wouldn’t affect your employment at the club.” He removed his arm from the couch and sat forward. “Maybe hire is not the correct term. I’d like to pay you to help me with a problem. I believe you’d be perfect for the job.”

The whole conversation had my head spinning, but he had my attention. “You win. My curiosity is piqued. What’s the job?”

“I need you to break up an engagement.”

I coughed, wondering if I heard him correctly, knowing I had. “Um, what? Whose?”

Hudson leaned back, his dazzling gray eyes flickering in the strobe lights. “Mine.”





Chapter Four





Hudson tapped one long finger on the table in front of him. “Close your mouth, Alayna. Although it’s quite adorable to see you flabbergasted, it’s also very distracting.”

I closed my mouth. A million questions circled through my mind, too quickly for any to take shape. And somewhere behind all that, I registered that he’d called me adorable. I needed a drink, something stronger than iced tea. Hudson scooted his Sancerre toward me and I took it, grateful.

The wine gave me back my voice. “I didn’t realize you were engaged.” I blushed then, remembering all the dirty thoughts I’d had about Hudson and how I’d believed—okay, hoped—he had been flirting with me. I took another swallow of wine.

Hudson glanced out the window, maybe hoping to hide the torment that flashed across his face. “I’m not really.” He turned back to me, his expression now reserved and emotionless as usual. “That’s the problem. Neither Celia nor I are at all interested in the arrangement.”

This relaxed me, for some reason. But it did little to clear anything up. “Then why not just break up with her?”

He sighed. “It’s not that simple.”

I gave Hudson my best dumb-it-down-for-me-dude expression. Apparently, it worked.

“Her parents have been friends with mine for decades. They have a specific plan for their daughter’s life and they do not accept her choice to not marry me. If she broke it off, they’d cut her off emotionally and financially. That’s not something I wish for my friend.”

His explanation prickled me. Were we living in the early twentieth century with arranged marriages and shit? God, rich people lived such strange lives. I picked my words thoughtfully, careful to not show the extent of my irritation. “Never mind that parents shouldn’t be controlling their grown daughter, they don’t control you. Do they?”

Hudson’s eyes blazed. “No. No one controls me.”

His emphatic response had my body turned on. That command and authority, it was so…hot. I licked my lips, and then delighted as he zeroed in on the action. I hadn’t imagined it. He was reacting to me. Maybe not as forcefully as I reacted to him, but the energy between us was real.

I crossed my legs attempting to ease the need between them. “I’m missing something.”

He nodded. “I suppose you are.” He retrieved the Sancerre from in front of me and finished it off in one quick swallow. Knowing we’d shared the glass sent another tingle to my lower regions.

“Alayna, if there is anyone in the world who has any power over me, it’s my mother. My mother knows that I am…incapable…of love. She worries that I will…end up alone. A marriage with her best friend’s daughter, at least, insures that won’t happen.” His words were measured and even. And just like every time he spoke, he hypnotized me with his voice.

“It would make my mother very happy to see me marry Celia. If it comes to Celia losing her entire life, then I’ll willingly enter into a loveless marriage. However, I’d hate to rob her future of happiness she might find with someone else.”

I shook my head, confused, overwhelmed, dazzled. “Where would I come in?”

He raised his brows. “Ah, see, if Celia’s parents believed I was in love with another woman—”

“They wouldn’t want her to marry a man who was in love with someone else.”

“Exactly. And my mother would be so thrilled that I’d found someone I was happy with, she’d stop worrying about my future.”

The idea of betraying someone who only wanted Hudson to be happy bothered me. But I was also extremely attracted to the sweetness of this hard, virile man in front of me caring enough about his mother and his friend to go to such extreme measures.

I also saw enormous potential for me to be made the enemy in the scenario. “So I’m supposed to be the floozy you’re in love with.”

His lips curved at the edges. “No one would ever mistake you as a floozy, Alayna. Even when you dress like one.”

That damn trouble outfit again. I was burning it when I got home. Mention of it made me suddenly cold and defensive. I crossed my arms over my chest and leaned back—away from Hudson Pierce. “Why don’t you hire a real floozy to put on your charade?”

He smirked. “My mother would never believe I’d fall for a floozy. You, however, have particular qualities—qualities that would make the story quite believable.”

I didn’t want to play this game anymore. My answer was no. But I couldn’t help myself from asking, “What sort of qualities?”

His eyes darkened, and I was caught up in them. “You are exquisitely beautiful, Alayna, and also extremely intelligent.”

“Oh.” I dropped my hands to my lap, stunned. It was a good thing the wine was gone. I’d have slammed it, and I still had a shift to work.

Hudson broke the intense eye contact. “And you’re a brunette. All three make you ‘my type’ so to say.”

The absence of his heated stare was both chilling and releasing. I could think again, make coherent sentences. But I also wanted it back with a fierceness I couldn’t explain.

“I sense your hesitation, Alayna, and I understand. Perhaps this would be a good time to discuss payment.” I admired how he could move from moments of magnitude to straight business with such fluid ease. Me, I had whiplash. I didn’t even have time to wonder what someone got paid to fake a romance before he continued. “I understand you have a substantial amount of student loans. I’d like to rid you of that debt.”

I laughed. “That’s way too much, Hudson.” He had no idea how much I’d needed to get through school. No idea how heavy of a burden they were on me now.

“Not to me.”

“It is for me.” I sat forward, challenging him. “It’s eighty thousand dollars.”

“Eighty four thousand two hundred and six, to be exact.”

I froze. How did he know that?

As he often did, he answered my unasked question. “I own the bank that holds your loans. I looked them up today. It would be very easy for me to have them written off. No actual money would exchange hands, if that makes you feel better.”

“That’s an awfully generous payment.” Too generous. And just like I jumped to buy a lottery ticket whenever the pot got particularly high, I wanted to jump on his offer. But nothing that paid that well ended in good.

“It’s worth it to me to see this project succeed, Alayna.”

My answer was no. I’d already decided. It had to be no. There was too much risk at entering into an arrangement—any arrangement—with him.

But I couldn’t help but want to know more of the details. “What exactly would you want me to do?”

“Pretend we’re a couple. I’d invite you to several gatherings where my mother would see us together. I’d expect you to hang on my arm and behave as though we’re madly in love.”

“And that’s all?” I couldn’t imagine it would be that hard to pretend to be in love with Hudson. And that was the problem with the whole damn thing. Pretending to be in love with someone who already affected me so intensely was a big fat trigger for obsessing.

“That’s all.” His shoulders had visibly relaxed. He thought I was taking him seriously, that I was considering his ridiculous idea, and I almost wondered if I actually should.

I swallowed. For eighty thousand dollars there had to be more he expected. Since he wouldn’t spell it out, I tiptoed around the topic myself. “This pretend relationship—to what extent would I be expected to perform?”

“Don’t pussy foot about it. You’re asking about sex.” His eyes darkened again. “I never pay for sex, Alayna. When I fuck you, it will be for free.”

There it was, the promise that I’d both longed for and feared. His stark declaration had me squirming in my seat. I had never been so aroused and so confused all at once. We were at my work, for Christ’s sake! I had to start my shift in less than half an hour, and all I wanted to do was respond to his crude remarks with equally naughty behavior.

Somehow I forced my mouth to speak. “Maybe I should go.”

“Do you want to?” It was an invitation to stay.

“I’m n-not sure,” I stuttered. “Yes. I think I should.” But I didn’t move. I couldn’t.

Hudson took advantage of my weakness, pressing me to indulge him with reasons. “Because you’re uncomfortable with my proposition? Or because I told you that I’m going to fuck you?”

His profession had no less impact the second time. “I’m…yes. That.”

He cocked his head, contemplating me with puzzled eyes. “But I‘m certain that’s not a surprise to you, Alayna. You feel the electricity between us. Your body language expresses it quite well. I wouldn’t be surprised to find you’re already wet.”

My cheeks heated.

He flashed a wicked grin. “Don’t be embarrassed. Don’t you know I feel the same?” He shifted in his seat. “If you were to carefully read my body, you’d see the evidence.”

I knew then that he was hard. My sex clenched with the knowledge. If my brain hadn’t completely turned to mush I’d be in his lap by now, taking his length into my hands, sucking him off with my mouth.

Hudson seemed to find my misery fascinating. “Let’s table my proposition to hire you for a moment and discuss this other thing further. Please understand that they are very separate from each other. I’d never want you to think my sexual desire for you was in any way part of a sham for my parents and their friends.”

Ridiculous giddiness flowed through me. Hudson Pierce desired me. And I was going to wreck it all with my flabbergasted reaction. I furrowed my brows in concentration. “I’m—I don’t know how to react to someone stating they desire me.”

He frowned. Even with his lips curled down they begged to be kissed. “Has no man told you that before?”

I fumbled with my glass, caressing the beads of sweat that still accumulated from the pile of remaining ice. “Not in so many words. Actions sometimes. Certainly not so bluntly.”

“That’s a shame.” He reached across the table and stroked a thumb across my hand, his touch making me dizzy. “I plan to tell you every chance I get.”

“Oh.” I pulled my hand away. It was too much, too fast. Maybe I could end up in Hudson’s bed and it would be all right and I wouldn’t freak out.

But this wasn’t his bed. This was the club. And whether I freaked out or not, mixing work with sex was never a good idea.

Ah. Was that what David had been saying when he broke it off with me? What a moment for understanding to click in.

I put my hands on the edge of the table. “I, uh, I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed. I need to go. You’ve given me a lot to think about.”

I stood and he did too.

“I wish you wouldn’t. But if you must…” He sounded needy, reflecting how I felt.

I couldn’t look at him. If I did, I’d stay. “I’ve got to get to work.”

I moved to the door and placed my hand on the knob. But Hudson’s palm pressed on the top of the door, holding it closed and trapping me between him and the wall.

He lowered his head to my ear. “Wait, Alayna.” His breath tickled and burned simultaneously. I closed my eyes, taking it in, bearing it. “I apologize for overwhelming you. That wasn’t my intent. But I want you to know that whether or not you decide to help with my situation, I will continue to seduce you. I’m a man who gets what he wants. And I want you.”

Um, holy wow.

Turned on did not begin to describe how his statement made me feel.

Then his mouth was on me, nibbling at my earlobe. I drew in a sharp breath. Involuntarily, I let my head roll to the side, granting him better access.

And, man, did he take what I gave, nipping a trail down my neck, sending ripples of desire through my belly. I moved my hand off the doorknob and grabbed his arm to steady myself. He curled his other arm around me, his hand settling on my breast. I gasped at the contact, leaning in to his touch.

He kneaded my breast as he nuzzled his face in my hair. “I should have told you earlier,” he said softly. “You look absolutely beautiful tonight. I can’t keep my eyes off you. Serious and sexy wrapped into one package.” He pressed against me and I could feel his erection at my lower back. “Kiss me, Alayna.”

It was so hot how he used my name freely. As if it was his to use. And in many ways it was. Almost no one called me anything but Laynie. He’d claimed my name when he claimed me.

All that was left was for me to accept it.

His mouth was waiting as I turned my head. Instantly, he captured mine with his own and I whimpered. He slipped his tongue in possessively and skillfully, urging mine to come out and play. His kiss was just as demanding and confident as he was, his firm lips driving the tempo, stealing my breath and sending a firm buzz to my lady parts. God, imagine his lips down there…

I shifted my body, needing more contact, and instinctively, he turned too so we were face to face. Wrapping my hands around his neck, I pulled him deeper, wanting to feel him in every part of my mouth. He knew what I needed, licking and stroking into me, as his hands slid down to clutch my ass.

I wanted all of him. Screw my shift and any other excuse I’d made to myself during the course of the conversation. Even if it led to obsessing, I needed him inside me, and not only with his tongue. I rolled my hips against his, begging for him to touch me there, to ease the ache at my core.

Hudson responded, moving his hands from my behind to my shoulders. Then he gently pushed me away, breaking our kiss, but leaving his hands on my shoulders as if trying to hold me at that distance.

My mouth felt empty and cold as I struggled to calm my breathing. Hudson’s breaths were equally ragged, and he panted in rhythm with me. As my brain returned from a state of blissful haze, I became uneasy, unable to understand his sudden retreat.

Recognizing my concern, Hudson moved his hand to brush my cheek. “Not here, precious. Not like this.” His other hand wrapped around my neck and he pressed his forehead against mine. “I will have you beneath me. In a bed. Where I can adore you properly.”

His statement was a promise. A sensual threat that had me itching to make it come to pass.

But I had to get to work. And he was right. A fast fuck in the bubble room would not nearly be enough for what I wanted with Hudson. No, needed. Hudson was far from what I wanted. But I’d gone beyond that now. I had to have him, bad for me though he may be.

I closed my eyes as Hudson trailed a hand down to my bosom and reached inside. My eyes startled opened when, instead of feeling his fingers on my breast, I felt my phone being removed.

He unlocked the screen and dialed a number. A moment later I heard his phone ring. “Now we have each other’s numbers. I expect you to use it.” He replaced my phone inside my bra cup, his eyes lingering on my cleavage before pulling me in to brush his lips across mine. “Call me when you’re ready. Tomorrow.”

He kissed me swiftly and then was gone, leaving me to wonder if I’d be “ready” to call him as soon as tomorrow. And if I could wait that long.





Chapter Five





I woke up right before noon the next morning when I heard my phone buzz an incoming text. It was plugged in on the nightstand next to me, but I wasn’t ready to wake up, having gotten to bed after six.

Lying with my eyes closed, I grinned into my pillow and recalled the events of the night before. The things Hudson had said to me, the way he’d kissed me, touched me—my heart sped up at the memory. Had all of that really happened? My obsessive relationship disorder made it really easy for me to imagine that things happened between me and others that actually hadn’t. It had been several years since I had fallen into those old habits. Now, was I doing it again?

No, I wasn’t making it up. I couldn’t make up a kiss like that. It had happened. And I had wanted more to happen. But in the morning with distance and fresh eyes, I could see so much better how it shouldn’t happen. As much as I wanted him, I was already thinking about him way more than was healthy.

I went through the steps of recognizing unnatural fixation in my mind:

Did I think about Hudson to the point that it affected my work or daily life? I’d certainly thought about him a lot after he’d left the club, but I’d managed to work my shift without a problem.

Did I think he was the only one for me? No way. In fact, I suspected I shouldn’t be mixed up with him at all.

Did I believe I would never be happy if I didn’t see him again? I’d be disappointed, but not devastated. Well, probably not devastated. All right, I’d be devastated.

Did I call him or visit him obsessively to the point of stalking? I didn’t know where he lived or worked. If I was fixating, I’d have figured that out before I’d gone to bed that morning. I didn’t even have his number.

Oh, wait, I did. But I hadn’t used it. I was fine. For the moment.

Still, I couldn’t help but wonder why he wanted to be with me. Hudson Pierce held celebrity status. He could date supermodels and pedigreed women—why would he want me? The lack of an answer kept me doubting what had really occurred between him and me.

And then there was his ridiculous offer to pay off my student loans in exchange for hanging on him like arm candy. How on earth did I qualify for that? If I were another type of girl, one with dollar signs in the eyes, I’d be all over his—what did he call it?—proposition. Fortunately, money didn’t speak to me beyond what I needed for survival. The only temptation was the opportunity to spend more time with that delicious specimen of a man. But I’d already been through this—it was not a good idea.

Besides, if I’d understood him correctly, the option to spend time with him stood with or without accepting his job.

Not an option, Laynie!

It was a confusing idea anyway. Sleep with him without a relationship but pretend to have a relationship. Why not just have a relationship?

And there I was, already trying to make his offer more than it was.

I sighed and stretched my arms above my head. Clearly I wasn’t going back to sleep and Hudson was too much to contemplate without coffee. I turned over and grabbed my phone to read my text, secretly hoping it was from him.

It was from my brother. “Be there in twenty.”

I sat up, panicked. Did I forget a visit from Brian?

Scrolling through my texts I saw he’d sent one at seven in the morning. “Court cancelled. Taking a fast train to NYC. We need to have lunch.”

I threw my phone onto the bed next to me and groaned. As my only living relative, I loved Brian with extreme depth and neediness. But his role in my life had transformed from sibling to caretaker when I was sixteen after the death of my parents, and in an effort to compensate for all he knew I’d lost, he’d alienated me in many ways.

He’d also saved me, and I’d be eternally grateful.

Plus he paid the rent for my apartment. So when Brian trekked out from Boston on a weekday to have lunch, I better be ready and waiting. Even though I knew a surprise visit couldn’t mean anything good.

I took a deep breath and jumped out of bed. I didn’t have time for a shower. Brian and the patrons of whatever swank place he took me to would have to settle for the smelly version of me. I pulled on a pair of taupe dress slacks and a cream blouse and sprayed myself with a generous amount of Pear Blossom Body Spray before throwing my long brown hair into a messy bun. I’d just located my keys and purse when my phone rang.

I pulled the door closed behind me and stepped toward the elevator as I answered.

“I’m outside your building,” Brian said.

“Hello to you, too.” Never any small talk for Brian. I hit the elevator call button and waited.

“Whatever, sassafrass. We have reservations in fifteen minutes at The Peacock Alley. Are you ready?”

I rolled my eyes at his restaurant choice. How unoriginal of him to pick the Waldorf. “Already on my way down. You know, you could have used the apartment buzzer instead of calling.”

“But then you couldn’t walk and talk like you are.”

“And I’m about to lose you now as I get in the elevator. See you in a sec.” I wasn’t certain that the elevator would cause our call to drop, but I was facing a whole lunch hour with Brian. I needed the fifty-second reprieve.

“There she is,” Brian said to no one when I walked out of the front door of my apartment building. The apartment had been Brian’s pick since he was footing the bill, and I was sure that its proximity to the Waldorf had been half of the reason he’d chosen it. No one could mistake the place as classy, but the location was killer. My only gripe was the lack of a subway to the west side, but that only became a problem in bad weather.

“Hey, Bri,” I said throwing my arms around him. “It’s good to see you.”

“You too.” He pulled away and looked me up and down. “You look terrible, Laynie. Like you need more sleep.”

“Gee, thanks.” We started toward the restaurant. “I didn’t get off work until five. Yeah, I’m a bit tired.”

“Isn’t it time you started working a more normal job? Something nine to five like?”

“I work nine to five. Just not the same nine to five you work.” As if Brian worked nine to five. He was a workaholic, often burning the midnight oil working on his latest case. If his paralegal hadn’t been his type, he never would have gotten married. The man had no social life. I’d be surprised to learn he had a sex life, even with a new wife.

“You know what I mean.”

We’d only been together five minutes and he was already picking. If that was an indicator of how lunch was going to go, I’d rather skip the meal and get right to whatever bug was up his ass. “What brings you out here, Brian?”

He studied me, deciding whether to show his cards yet or not. He chose not. “Can’t a brother come visit his only sister on a whim? I still feel bad for missing your graduation.”

I hid my eye roll. He could have made my graduation if he’d wanted to, and we both knew it. But we had to play the game of happy family. “You’re a busy hotshot lawyer. I get it.”

“I sense the sarcasm in your voice, Laynie.”

My brother excelled at reading people, making him a force to be reckoned with in the courtroom. “Okay, I was pissed you didn’t come. Does that make you happy?” Actually, I’d been hurt. He’d had the date for almost nine months. How could I not feel low priority? “I’m over it now, though, so forget it.”

We’d reached the hotel, which gave us the perfect chance to drop the subject. At the restaurant, we were seated right away, and I let the new environment transform me from outwardly brooding to introspective.

I deliberated for a long time about my menu choice, annoying Brian who knew what he wanted instantly. When the tempo of his leg bouncing under the table accelerated, I settled on a house salad. God, the man had no patience. He should take a lesson from Hudson.

The thought of Hudson brought warmth to my body and a furrow to my brow. Something was poking at the edge of my thoughts, something I couldn’t quite grasp.

Brian chatted with me casually, keeping me from focusing on what perplexed me about Hudson. He briefly told me about a case he was working on and about the renovations he and Monica had done to their brownstone.

When he’d finished a decent portion of his meal, about the same time I thought I’d shoot myself over the banality of our conversation, Brian cleared his throat. “Laynie, I’m not here to catch up. I’ve been doing a lot of thinking about our situation lately and have realized that you’re a grown woman with an excellent education. It’s time for you to assume more responsibility for yourself. I’m not doing you a favor by enabling you.”

I took a long swallow of my water, contemplating how to react to his sudden statement. Old connotations of the word “enable” stung me. Was he insinuating that I wasn’t well? And how was I not responsible for myself? I was living and working in the Big Apple—if that didn’t take responsibility, I didn’t know what did.

Ever impatient, Brian didn’t wait for me to choose my response. “I can’t let you throw your life away at a nightclub. You are too vulnerable to work in that type of establishment.”

The Sky Launch. Brian had never liked me working there, not from day one. But he’d accepted it because I’d kept out of trouble. Had he now forgotten? “I haven’t had any issues since I’ve worked there.”

“You had school to keep you occupied. You need something more challenging to focus on.”

Never mind that I’d worried about the exact same thing myself, I was pissed. “Brian, I know how to handle my triggers. And what do you know about it? You never went to any support meetings.”

His voice rose uncomfortably high for the serene surroundings. “Because I’m not your parent!”

That was the crux of the whole conversation. Brian had been forced into parenting me and I’d always suspected he resented me for it. Now I knew for sure.

He stared at his near empty plate. When he spoke again it was quieter. “Look, Monica’s having a baby.”

And everything clicked into understanding. I was being replaced. “Congratulations.”

“I need to focus my energy and money on her and the baby. It’s time for you to be grown-up.” He straightened in his seat, as if to strengthen his position. “I’m not paying for the apartment anymore.”

“But I can’t afford to pay for the apartment! Not right now with my student loans about to be due.” I was painfully aware that I sounded petulant and spoiled, but I had always assumed he’d help me for a while longer. It wasn’t like he didn’t have the money.

“Then maybe you better look for a better paying job.”

“Brian, that’s not fair.”

“Think about everything I’ve been through with you and then talk to me about fair.”

He couldn’t have hurt me more with any other words. “I haven’t had any problems in a long time,” I whispered.

“You violated a restraining order.”

“Over four years ago!”

“I’m sorry, Laynie. I can’t support you anymore.” His words were final. He’d made his decision; there would be no convincing him otherwise.

I saw what it had done to him, the years of caring for a mentally disturbed sibling. I’d known—I’d always known—but had never wanted to believe that my actions had hurt him so deeply. It stirred an old ache I had buried.

But I was also angry. I might not be fragile anymore, but I certainly wasn’t steady on my own. Not financially anyway. I needed his support now as much as ever and as shitty as it was, he was my only family. I had no one else.

I threw my napkin on the table and, not sure if I hoped to sound more sincere or snotty, said, “Thanks, Brian. Thanks for everything.” I grabbed my purse from the back of my chair and walked out of The Peacock Alley, careful not to look back. I wanted to appear strong and stoic. Turning back would give my brother a good look at my tears.

I let myself cry until I left the hotel. Once on the street, the city bustle and grit steeled me. I didn’t need Brian. I could do it on my own. Sure he’d helped me foot the bill since my crazy antics had ran through all of my inheritance money, but support and responsibility was much more than throwing cash around.

I hurried back to my apartment, aware that Brian didn’t try to stop me or call me. I spent the next hour behind my computer, figuring out my bills and expenses, searching for ways to make cuts. With a promotion at the club—which wasn’t guaranteed—I could pay for my apartment. But I wouldn’t be able to afford my student loans when they went into repayment the next month.

Brian had effectively trapped me. Not a bad strategy. The Laynie from a day before would have to give into his wishes, taking a job at one of the high paying corporate offices that had pursued me at graduation.

Fortunately, I had another option.

Taking a deep breath, I picked up my cell phone and pushed redial. God, was I really doing this? I was. And if I was honest about it, I was glad for the excuse. Maybe I really should have been thanking Brian.

The number Hudson had called the night before rang only once before he answered. “Alayna.” His voice was smooth and sexy. Not sexy like he was coming on to me but like the sex he exuded naturally.

The confidence threw me. “Uh, hi, Hudson.”

I paused.

“Is there something I can help you with?” I sensed he enjoyed my uncertainty. Why couldn’t I display the same confidence he did? I never had anxiety issues at work or at school.

The thought of school jostled something and I blurted out the question that had niggled at me during lunch. “How did you know I was intelligent?”

I heard a creak and I pictured him leaning back in a leather chair behind an executive desk. “What do you mean?”

“You said I was…” I blushed, glad he couldn’t see me. “Beautiful and intelligent—“

He interrupted me. “Exquisitely beautiful and extremely intelligent.”

“Yeah, that.” Having heard them before made his words no less effective. The matter-of-fact manner of his statement should have felt clinical and cold, but they were anything but. A shiver ran up my spine. I cleared my throat. “But you’ve barely talked to me. How do you know anything about my intelligence?”

He paused only briefly. “The graduate symposium at Stern. I saw you present.”

“Oh.” The symposium had been held a month before graduation and had featured the top students from the MBA program. Each of us had presented a new or innovative idea for a panel of experts. My presentation had been called Print Marketing in a Digital Age. I hadn’t wanted to know who was on the panel, knowing their names would send me into obsessive researching and online stalking. Afterward, the experts and presenters were invited to a wine and cheese soiree, so that students could schmooze and corporate execs could make job offers. I’d presented for the experience. For the honor. I hadn’t wanted a job, so I’d skipped the after affair.

Now I wondered what would have happened if I’d gone. Would Hudson have tracked me down? Was it entirely coincidental that he’d made an offer on the club I worked for around the same time as the symposium?

“Is that the only reason you called, Alayna?” His all-business words held a hint of a tease.

“No.” I closed my eyes and clutched onto the side of my desk for support. Accepting his offer was harder than it should be. I couldn’t help but feel it was too easy of an out—like I was selling my soul to the devil.

But I also felt a surge of excitement, a thick electric wave of freedom. “Your proposition—I’d like to do it. I’m saying yes.” Remembering his other proposition to seduce me, I clarified. “Your offer to pay my student loans, I mean.”

His chair creaked again and I imagined him standing, his hand thrust in the pocket of an Italian suit. Ah, yum. “I’m very happy to hear that, Alayna.”

I shook the vision out of my head and waited for him to say more. When he didn’t, I said, “So what happens now?”

“I have time in my schedule at four-thirty. Come to my office at Pierce Industries then and we’ll finalize the details.”

I’d get to see him in—I looked at my watch—two hours. My heart sped up. “Sounds nice. I mean, good. Sounds good.”

He chuckled. “Goodbye, Alayna.”

“Bye.” I hugged the phone for several seconds after he hung up, mesmerized by this stranger’s effect on me, wondering if I’d be able to pull off the scam he’d concocted, hopeful I’d be able to thwart his promised advances.

All right, maybe I didn’t hope for that last one, but I wanted to believe I did. For my sanity’s sake.

I also thought about the symposium, considering the possibility that Hudson Pierce had gone to greater lengths than he’d let on to set up this facade for his parents.

Maybe the thought should have scared me. But it only intrigued me more.





Chapter Six





Two hours turned out to be barely enough time to prepare for seeing Hudson. I spent a long time in the shower, shaving my legs and underarms and cleaning up my Brazilian, chastising myself as I did since there was no way Hudson was going to see my lady parts.

Then I stood in front of my closet for what felt like hours. I’d be going straight from Hudson’s office to the club to meet with David then a full shift of bartending after that. I needed the perfect blend of smart and sexy with a dash of fuck-me-please—for work, of course. Finally I settled on a belted teal and black shirt dress. It was shorter than I would have liked for the business part of my plans, but still longer than most of the dresses I wore at the club. I pulled my hair into a low ponytail and kept my makeup to mascara and lip gloss. I looked good—fresh and natural.

Having been too distracted to ask Hudson where Pierce Industries was located, I had to Google it. Turned out the offices were near the One Worldwide Plaza, a straight subway shot to the club. From my apartment, I took a cab, not wanting to get sweaty. And, hey, I was getting eighty thousand dollars—I could afford a taxi to the West Side.

I’d been by the beautiful copper-topped granite and brick building many times, but never inside it. Pierce Industries took the top several floors, and I recognized some of the other tenants listed in the lobby as Pierce Industry subsidiaries. I got directions from the security guard and took the elevator to the top floor.

The lengthy ride gave me one more chance for a silent pep talk. Three years sober, Laynie. You cannot fixate on him. You cannot obsess.

But as I checked in with the pretty blonde receptionist, I felt an aching stab of envy because she got to work close to Hudson on a daily basis. God, I was already in trouble. He didn’t make it into the Oh, fuck category of attractive men for nothing.

“Miss Withers,” the blonde said after notifying her boss I’d arrived. “He’s ready for you.”

I checked my watch—four-twenty-two. How long had Hudson been waiting? Did I get the time wrong?

The thick double doors behind the receptionist’s desk opened, seemingly by themselves. She must have pushed a button somewhere. “Right through there,” she said.

I stepped tentatively into the office. Hudson, who sat behind an expansive modern executive desk, stood when he saw me. “Alayna. Come in.”

When I caught a full view of him, I froze. In his well-lit office, I truly saw Hudson Pierce for the first time. And he was gorgeous. He wore a pin-striped three-piece suit with a crisp white dress shirt and a plum and white striped tie. His black thick-framed glasses, which should have screamed nerd alert, had me slipping in my panties. He looked sharp and smart and commanding and…wow.

I swallowed. Twice. “Am I late?”

“Not at all.” His sexy voice made my knees buckle and I suddenly regretted my high-heeled Mary Janes. “My last appointment finished earlier than I’d anticipated. Have a seat.”

Determined to appear poised and with it, I straightened my stance and strode to the chair he gestured at in front of his desk.

“Hmm,” I said, looking around after I was seated. The generous office space continued the modern décor throughout. Behind his desk were floor to ceiling glass windows giving a breathtaking view of Midtown. “Nice place. Not what I’d pictured, but incredible.”

Hudson unbuttoned his jacket and sat down, brows raised. “You pictured my office?”

My cheeks grew warm. Now he thought I’d been thinking about him. I had been, but he didn’t need to know. “I thought you’d be more traditional. But the modern really suits you.”

A small smile crept on his face. “Actually, I have a designer. I have no idea what’s modern or contemporary or traditional. She showed me pictures of things she thought I’d like and I nodded.”

I grinned, knowing he was attempting to put me at ease, but my stomach bunched into knots. Hudson’s office was unfamiliar territory for a nightclub bartender and we were meeting to discuss an unusual business deal. And he was so fucking hot, he dazzled me.

“I hope you don’t mind if we get to business first.”

“Of course not.” If business was first, I wondered what would follow.

Nothing. Nothing would follow because when we were finished I would politely thank him and leave his office.

Ha ha, right.

“As I said earlier, I’m very pleased that you’ve accepted my offer. Before you officially agree, though, I want to make sure you understand exactly what I am asking of you. We tabled this discussion last night…” He paused and I suspected he was recalling the reason the discussion was tabled. At least, that’s what I was thinking about. “So I neglected to mention a key point.”

Hudson leaned back in his chair, placing his arms on the rests. “I’m a very high profile man, Alayna. Convincing my mother that we are a couple requires putting on a show for the world. That means you will be ‘on duty’, so to say, at all times. When we are together around other people, we will play the happy couple. When we aren’t together, you must still act as though you’re mine.”

Was it my imagination or had he emphasized the words you’re mine? Either way, goose bumps travelled down my skin.

“You can’t tell anyone that we are not really in a relationship.”

I creased my forehead and my mouth suddenly went dry. “I hadn’t realized that.”

“No, I suspected as much.” He narrowed his eyes, gazing my reaction. “Are you still interested?”

I didn’t really have a choice. Either accept it or give into Brian’s wishes. Besides, whom would I want to tell? Liesl. And David. Was I still thinking about David with tall, hot, and devastatingly handsome sitting in front of me? Yes. Because David had the potential of being real. And frankly, I didn’t know that I actually liked Hudson beyond the whole physical thing. I certainly shouldn’t.

“How long would we keep up the act?”

“As long as we feel we can without imposing too much on our personal lives. The longer the better, obviously, but if my mother sees that I am capable of falling in love, she won’t try to press me into a loveless marriage, even if you and I have ‘broken up.’”

“Are you still interested?”

“It’s eighty thousand dollars, Hudson. That’s a drop in the bucket for you, but for me...I understand if I have to work for it.”

He relaxed, nodding. “Good.” Hudson pressed a button on his desk.

“Yes, Mr. Pierce?” The sweet timbre of the receptionist’s voice filled the room.

“Send him in, please, Patricia.” Hudson stood and pressed another button on his desk.

I’d heard her answer the phone as Trish when I’d arrived and I wondered if he was opposed to nicknames for people in general, or if he just knew the weight of using a proper name—the power it held over people.

The doors opened and a dark-haired, muscular man in a black suit walked in. If Hudson hadn’t already sent my horny button into overdrive, I was pretty sure this guy would have set it buzzing.

“This is Jordan,” Hudson said, crossing around to the front of his desk. Jordan nodded. “He’s been assigned to drive you to and from work and anywhere else you may need to go.”

Not that I wanted to turn down such a beautiful gift, but one thing I loved about NYC was alternate modes of transportation. My parents died in a car accident. Cars weren’t my favorite. “I don’t need a driver.” Then, so I wouldn’t seem ungrateful I added, “I usually get my exercise running home.”

“Then he will drive you to work and follow you home when you run to make sure you arrive safely.” Before I could argue, Hudson eyed me sternly. “Alayna, my girlfriend would have a driver. She’d also have a bodyguard. I’m willing to forego the bodyguard if you use my driver.”

I took a deep breath. “All right.”

“He’ll be waiting downstairs to take you to the club when we’ve finished. Thank you, Jordan.”

Jordan nodded again and then left the office. Hudson pushed a button and the doors shut behind the driver.

“And Alayna, wipe that look off your face. Jordan’s gay. I wouldn’t have hired him for you otherwise.”

I folded my arms over my chest, embarrassed and chided. Also, I decidedly did not like Hudson. Beyond the sexual appeal, anyway. “Anything else?” I couldn’t look at him.

He leaned back to sit on the front edge of his desk, his body close enough to touch without much movement on my part. “My mother is hosting a charity fashion show on Sunday. That will be our first outing as a couple.”

“Okay.” I crossed my leg over the other, his close proximity making me fidgety. And while I was so affected by him, I realized he’d been nothing but business since I’d arrived. Had his move on me the night before been a way to insure I’d accept his proposition? If so, he was a total ass.

“Your loans will be written off as of nine a.m. Monday morning. A written confirmation will be sent to you.”

“Don’t you want to wait and see if we pull this whole thing off first?” I hadn’t meant to come off snotty. Well, not entirely. I was beginning to feel like a deal he was negotiating. I didn’t like it.

“I’m really not worried about it, Alayna.” Hudson seemed on edge as well. “But if you prefer, I’ll postpone the write-off by one week.”

“Fine, whatever. Do I sign some agreement or something?”

“I’d rather there isn’t a paper trail on this.”

“But if anyone questioned my loans being paid off—“

“I would pay off my girlfriend’s loans.” Of course he would. “And any other debt. Do you have other debt?”

“No.” I had a Visa I’d charged up. He didn’t need to know about that. “Is that all?”

Hudson shrugged, the gesture out-of-place for such an assured man. “Unless you have any other questions.”

I hesitated to ask, but I had to know. “When we’re together, in public, I mean, I can hold your hand and…kiss you?” I peered at him through my mascara thick lashes.

The corner of his lip twitched. “I expect you to. Often.” Um, wow. “Anything else?”

Thinking about kissing him, I ran my tongue over my lower lip. “No.”

“Then the business portion of this meeting is done.” He stood and moved back around to his side of the desk. He removed his suit jacket and hung it on the back of his chair. Fuck—the vest, tight across his torso, showing his lean muscular middle—yeah, it was distracting.

Hudson stood in front of his chair and leaned on his desk, his palms flat in front of him. He stared at me for several seconds, and I itched to know what he was thinking. When he spoke, his tone was low and even. “In about two minutes, Alayna, I’m going to come around this desk and kiss you until you’re wet and gasping for air.”

Oh, wow.

“But first, let me clear up one thing that I suspect may be an issue. This charade is mostly about me convincing my mother. I will be saying and doing things—romantic things, perhaps—that are not genuine. I need you to remember that. Out of the public eye, I will seduce you. That will be genuine, but it can never be misconstrued as love.”

“Because you’re incapable of love.” My voice sounded meek and flat.

“Yes.”

Curiosity pulled me to lean forward. “Why do you believe that?”

Hudson straightened and removed his glasses, setting them on the desk. “I’m twenty-nine years old and have never had any inclination toward a woman other than to have her in my bed. I don’t do romantic relationships. I’m married to my work.” He walked slowly around his desk toward me. “That, and casual sex, are what fulfill me.”

I sorted through the oddity of the situation in my mind. Hudson Pierce wanted sex. With me. But not a relationship. But he wanted his mother to believe he had a relationship. With me. So that she didn’t realize her son was incapable of love. Which he was.

The whole thing had me spinning in a circle.

And the worst part was that I knew that I wasn’t capable of the casual relationship he was demanding.

Except…I thought back on the other category two men I’d been involved with in my life—the men that I’d been too attracted to. Joe, Ian, Paul—they’d all wanted a relationship in the beginning. If they hadn’t, if they had made a declaration from day one that they didn’t want more, would it have made a difference in how attached I became to them later?

I was justifying and I knew it. With Hudson, I was an alcoholic walking into a bar but deciding I could withstand temptation as long as all the bottles were sealed.

It was a lie I decided to try to believe. “No romance? I can do that.”

Hudson leaned back on the front of his desk again. He raised a brow, amusement in his eyes. “Are you also incapable of love?”

I met his gaze and ignored the little voice in my head telling me to run. “No, just the opposite. I love too much. Keeping love out of the equation is a very good thing.”

“Good. No love.”

He stepped forward and leaned toward me, a hand on each of my armrests, caging me. His stare was hungry, and a thrill ran through my body, as I realized I was about to be kissed.

But before that happened, I had to know something. When he moved closer, I put a hand against his chest. His very strong, rock hard chest. “Wait.”

“I can’t.” But he paused. “What?”

He was inches from my face, and the lips I longed to nibble on kept my focus as I spoke. “Why me? You could have anyone you want.”

“Awesome. I want you.” He leaned in again, his mouth brushing mine, his breath heating my skin.

“Why?”

He pulled back. Not far, only far enough to look at me. “I don’t know. I just do.” His words came out a whisper, as if he rarely made statements of uncertainty, and I doubted he did. “From the moment I saw you...” He trailed off as he brushed his fingertips across my forehead, his eyes fixed intently on mine, and I briefly wondered which moment—the night of the graduation symposium or when he’d first seen me in the club?

Whenever he meant, his bewildered possessiveness was sincere, and when and why didn’t matter anymore and the little voice screaming in my head was drowned out by the loud whooshing sound of desire pulsing through my veins. I leaned forward.

Hudson didn’t hesitate for a second, meeting my mouth with his. As doubtful as his words had been, his lips were confident and firm. He moved a hand behind my neck to direct me, deepening the kiss, stroking my tongue with his own. He sucked and licked into me, sending shivers down my spine and I imagined his wet, hot mouth on other parts of my body. I sighed.

Without his mouth leaving mine, he pulled me to a standing position. This was better. I could press my body into him, feel his lust along my belly, get the contact that I yearned for. I ran my hands through his hair and down along the base of his neck, enjoying the tingles shooting through my limbs as he moaned against my lips.

A sharp buzzer made us both jump and pull away. I put a hand over my chest, my heart beating rapidly from the scare and from the intense kiss.

Hudson grinned. “The intercom,” he explained, his voice ragged. He moved behind his desk and pushed a button. “Yes?”

The secretary’s voice poured into the room again. “I’m about to leave, Mr. Pierce. Is there anything else you need?”

“No, thank you, Patricia. You may go.” He’d gotten control of his voice now. Amazing. I was still reeling.

Hudson put one hand on his hip and stared at me, as if wondering what to do with a problem in front of him. It both heated and chilled me simultaneously, to be looked at so intensely, to be considered so scientifically.

I hugged my arms around myself. “What?”

He shook his head. “Nothing.” He grabbed his jacket off the seat chair and extended his hand to me. “Come, Alayna.”

My body responded to his command before my brain could decide to. I took his hand, the warmth of it rekindling the fire he’d started in my mouth.

He led me to an elevator in the back corner of his office that I hadn’t noticed before. Inside the car, he entered a code into the panel and we traveled what felt like one flight up. The doors opened to a fully furnished loft, styled in the same modern design as his office below. Floor to ceiling windows lined one whole wall. The theme was echoed throughout the sprawling space, glass walls partitioning off a dining room, a sitting area, and peeking behind half-drawn curtains, a bedroom.

I quickly looked away from the bed, scandalized by the wicked thoughts that flashed through my mind at the sight of his personal space, and met Hudson’s gaze, aware of the amusement in his eyes. I flushed.

He walked to the kitchen and opened a cupboard pulling out two glasses. “Can I get you some iced tea?”

“Sure.” I wondered if he always had iced tea or if he’d stocked it specifically for me. I followed him to the kitchen, climbing up onto a sleek metallic looking barstool. “You live here?”

He opened the freezer and grabbed a handful of ice cubes, dropping half in each of the glasses. “Sometimes I stay here. But I don’t consider it my home.”

I looked around the loft again, realization setting in. “Hudson! Is this your fuck pad?”

“Sometimes.” He poured tea into our glasses and then turned to hand me one across the counter.

I took the glass from him, sipping eagerly, needing the moisture for my suddenly dry mouth. “And you brought me here because...?”

He took a swallow of his tea, and licked his lips. He raised a brow. “Why do you think I brought you here?”

A sudden thrill set in followed by a wave of panic. I wasn’t ready for this, was I? I looked at my watch. There was no time. “Um, I have to leave for work in ten minutes.”

“Twenty minutes. You have a driver.”

I shifted, the inside of my legs feeling sticky and moist. “That’s still not a whole lot of time.”

Hudson came around the counter, took my tea from my hand and set it down with his. “Not a whole lot of time for what?”

My throat felt like it had closed, but somehow I managed weak words. “Are you going to make me say it?”

He grinned as he swiveled me around, then caged me against the bar. “No. Not now. If you say it I won’t be able to resist you, and, as you said, there’s not enough time. So instead I’ll have to settle for a sample.”

His mouth sealed over mine, consuming my lips and my tongue with heated frenzy. My hands crawled up his vest, yearning to be on his skin. I could feel the hard, broad muscles of his chest underneath my fingertips. Jesus, this man had to work out, the sculpted definition of his torso evident through two layers of clothing. I wanted to run my nails over his body, aching to discover if he had hair or was bare-chested, desperate to be naked against him.

Hudson didn’t let the minor detail of fabric get in the way of his desire. He undid several buttons at my torso so he could slip his hand in and cup my breast. My nipples stood up as he flicked lightly at one with his thumb. Then he squeezed using just the right amount of roughness that I liked, causing me to sigh with pleasure into his mouth.

He placed his other hand on my bare leg and slowly traced up my limb. His touch was fire against my skin and I fidgeted under his caress wanting more of the burn, greedy for the inferno at bay. I opened my thighs for him, coaxing his hand upward with one of my own. He smiled against my lips as I willingly showed him my need—my insane craving for him.

And then his fingers were on me, pushing aside the thin material of my panties, reaching for the sensitive bud at my core. I moaned at his touch, his thumb circling the bundle of nerves with a skilled mixture of deep and gentle pressure. Feather light sweeps followed measured rubs. I was already writhing when he dipped a finger into my hot opening. I gasped, lifting my hips to meet his probe, out of my mind with the desire to come.

He murmured against my mouth. “Christ, Alayna, you’re wet. Ah, so wet. You’re driving me crazy with your sounds and how wet you are for me.” He dragged my juice up and over my clit, then rammed two fingers inside me, luring a series of whimpers from my body. One more brush of my clit and I was over the edge, my orgasm spurring me to convulsions.

But even as I came over his hand, Hudson didn’t stop his assault. “God, you come so easily.” His voice betrayed his amazement and his own longing. “I have to make you do that again.”

He slipped off my panties while I still shuddered. “Lean your elbows back on the counter,” he commanded.

I did, grateful for the support it gave me. Then Hudson put his hands on my knees and spread my legs apart, opening me further. Before I realized what was happening, his fingers returned to my hole—three of them now—and his tongue was on my clit.

“Fuck!” I cried, unable to bear another climax, unable to live without it.

His skilled fingers fucked me, plunging in and pulling out in long, steady strokes as he sucked and licked at my cleft. I clutched the end of the counter behind me as I felt the ripple of another orgasm overtake me, all my muscles tightening, my core clenching around his fingers.

Still, he fed on me, lapping up the evidence of my ecstasy, caressing my tender nerves with his tongue with endless devotion. It was so much—too much. A third climax tore through me, right on the heels of the last. I threw my head back, trembling violently and cried out—a curse, maybe, or his name or unintelligible sounds, too mindless to identify the details of my cry.

When my vision cleared and my brain returned, I found Hudson holding me, whispering at my ear, my scent wafting off his lips. “You’re so sexy, precious. So fucking sexy and soon I’m going to come with you just like that.”

My fingers clutched at tufts of his hair.

“Soon,” he promised. “And often.”





Chapter Seven





When I’d recovered enough to sit without support, Hudson left me, returning with a wet washcloth. I watched as he wiped the insides of my legs and my sex, the warmth of the cloth and the intimacy of the action transfixing me.

“Thank you,” I said when he met my gaze, my gratitude extending beyond the cleansing.

He kissed me, my taste clinging to his tongue. Though sated, arousal began anew at the touch of his lips and the awareness of the bulge in his suit pants.

Too soon he pulled away. “You’re welcome.”

I followed him with my eyes as he walked to the bedroom and threw the washcloth in a tall, black laundry basket. When he looked back, he caught me staring and winked.

I blushed. The new familiarity he had with my body made me feel awkward. Scrambling to compose myself, I fumbled with the buttons of my dress. Then I slid off the barstool, found my underwear on the floor and stuffed them into my purse.

He raised a questioning brow as he straightened his tie.

“My panties are, um, soaked.” I noted his expression of satisfaction. “I can’t wear them.”

A frown replaced his smile. “You can’t work without them. Your dress is too short.”

“I’ll be careful. I don’t mind.”

“I do.” Hudson approached me, putting his hands on my upper arms. “Alayna, you not wearing panties is very sexy. When I’m with you. I definitely don’t think it’s sexy knowing you’re bare and surrounded by a bunch of grabby drunk customers.” He was stern, as though he were reprimanding a wayward child. “In fact, it makes me very unhappy.”

Well, well. Hudson had a jealous streak. Could he be any hotter?

But I couldn’t have him infiltrating all aspects of my life. He’d already insisted on a driver. And weighed in on my wardrobe choices. I stood my ground. “I can take care of myself.”

He folded his arms over his chest.

I mirrored him. “I’m not putting on soaking wet panties. I’ll smell like sex all night and let me tell you what that does to a bunch of grabby drunk customers.”

He scowled. “Leave them then. I can at least have them laundered.”

I held out my panties for him. “If you wanted a memento all you had to do was ask.”

He took them, his expression still tight. “I’m not keeping them. Excuse me a moment and I’ll be ready to go.” He disappeared into the bathroom, leaving the door open.

“You’ll be ‘ready to go?’” I hadn’t expected him to be going with me. He didn’t respond, though, or I didn’t hear his answer over the sounds of water running.

“Did you say something?” he asked when he returned. He put on his suit jacket and held his hand out to me.

I took his hand, realizing he no longer smelled like me, his hands washed and his teeth freshly brushed. It was practical, but I deflated as he officially distanced himself from the passionate scene of moments before. “I hadn’t realized you were going to the club.”

“I am.” He pulled me through a main door into a corridor with another elevator. This one, I guessed, led to the main lobby instead of his office. He let go of my hand and pushed the call button. “Is that a problem?”

I shrugged though I wanted to say, Hell, yes it’s a problem. You befuddle and dazzle and distract. How could I present my ideas with Hudson’s hot eyes on me, staring at his incredibly wicked mouth that had recently devoured me with such skill? Especially when his hot eyes and wicked mouth gave no indication that anything out of the ordinary had occurred.

Unwilling to be that honest but unable to let it go, I pushed. “Why did you have me meet you here when you could have met me at the club?”

“Privacy, Alayna. I can’t imagine you would want to experience that at the club, would you?” The doors opened and he ushered me into the elevator. “Do you regret coming?” The smile in his tone emphasized the double meaning in his words.

“No,” I answered quickly as he pushed the L button. “I regret you not coming.” I couldn’t think of a time when a man had let me take all the pleasure without receiving any of his own. It made me feel even more vulnerable in front of him.

“You’ll have opportunities to rectify that.”

And then thoughts of rectifying that raced through my mind, touching Hudson’s naked body, his shaft in my hands…

My sex felt swollen and needy. Again.

Damn. Not what I needed at the moment. I had to get my head in the game. Which would be easier without the object of my desire standing next to me, his arm brushing at my shoulder. “Just after all your talk about not being my boss and all that, I didn’t think you’d show.”

“David may want advice. I should be there.” He peered down at me. “Also, I’m curious. Is that going to bother you?”

“I wasn’t prepared. That’s all.”

His eyes lit with understanding. “You’re nervous.”

“Yes.”

He shifted behind me, wrapping me into his arms. “Don’t be. You’re perfect. You’ll be perfect.”

I sunk into him. That’s what I’d needed—his touch after such an intimate act. I’d felt bereft and exposed. I needed reassurance, not just about the business presentation I was about to give, but about his feelings, or attraction, or whatever it was he had for me.

As we descended, I turned my thoughts to David and the presentation I was about to give. Oh, god, David. A new horror struck me. “Could we…?” I didn’t know how to ask what I wanted to ask. “Do we have to, um, do the pretend thing today?”

“You don’t want David to give you extra points because he thinks you’re dating his boss.”

“Right.” And since I still might marry David one day, my sham with Hudson required delicacy. Though the idea of marrying David sounded less appealing than it once had.

“We can keep it under wraps for a day or two, if you’d rather.”

“Thanks.” Anxiety crept into my belly as I wondered how I planned to balance the men in my life and all the facets of my relationships with them: the fake romance with Hudson, the wannabe future with David, the severing of dependence on Brian, the real sex with Hudson, the possible promotion from David. I shivered and pulled Hudson’s arms tighter around me.

He misread my anxiety. “You know what they say to do about nervousness,” he whispered in my ear. ”Imagine your audience naked.”

I raised my brows. “You and David?”

“No, precious. Just me. That’s an order.”

Hudson’s commanding tone sent a trickle of desire to pool between my thighs. Somehow I didn’t think picturing him naked would be any help.

Jordan waited for us on the street in front of the building in a black Maybach 57. I’d never been in a luxury car and my natural reaction would have been to gush and salivate, but I held in my enthusiasm, trying to appear more unaffected than I actually was. I did recline my seat, taking advantage of the footrest, while Hudson attended to some work issues. He typed away on his Blackberry and made several phone calls.

I should have been focusing on my presentation, but listening to him conduct business fascinated me, his commanding tone and demand for respect radiated so naturally in even the simplest directives. Usually when he spoke like that to me, I felt shaken and off-balance. But when I witnessed him speaking that way to others, or perhaps because of what had transpired between us, I felt empowered. As if I could embody those qualities myself through osmosis.

We arrived at the club five minutes before the scheduled meeting. Hudson stayed in the car for a while, allowing me to go in first instead of together. In the office, I found David setting up my laptop.

“Hey,” he said in greeting. “Are you ready to show off those brilliant brains of yours?”

I wondered if David knew about Hudson’s plan to attend or not. Either way, I didn’t want him to know I knew. “Should I start?”

“No, Pierce said he might come. You should give him a few minutes.”

Hudson walked in seconds later. “David,” he said, shaking his hand. “Alayna.” He nodded at me, and I wondered if this was out of consideration to me, knowing that his touch drove me beyond distraction. Or did touching me do the same thing to him? I couldn’t imagine that could be true—he compartmentalized so naturally, I had to think his thoughts were sincerely only on the moment at hand.

Beginning my presentation of ideas took the most effort, but with my PowerPoint slides to rely on, I easily fell into the zone, soon forgetting my audience. First, I focused on the operational aspects of The Sky Launch, items that threatened our competitiveness with other clubs, suggesting an increase in hours and days we were open, a retraining of key personnel, and a unified mode of operation between bartenders and wait staff. Then I moved to marketing recommendations, emphasizing a total rebranding with a spotlight on the bubble rooms.

I spoke for nearly an hour and a half. Sometimes David asked questions, and I answered confidently and succinctly. I knew The Sky Launch. I knew business. I knew what would make the club a rockin’ place. I felt good.

Except for occasionally asking for clarification, Hudson remained quiet and attentive. When I finished, I looked to him, hoping for feedback or praise or a reaction of some sort.

Instead, he looked at his watch. “David, I have some place I need to be now. You can call me tomorrow if you want to discuss these ideas.”

The endorphins of presentation performance weren’t enough to shelter me from the defeat of Hudson’s lack of acknowledgement. Had I completely sucked shit? Did smart girls turn him off? And where did he have to be at eight o’clock on a Thursday night?

Whatever. If Hudson didn’t like it, then tough. He wasn’t my boss, as he’d so vehemently pointed out. I didn’t need his stupid validation. I’d been top of my class. I knew my stuff. I put my laptop away, fury leaking into my brisk movements.

“Thanks,” David said.

“Great. Alayna?”

“What?” I may have snapped.

Hudson waited until I met his eyes to continue. “Walk me out, please.”

I bit my lip as I followed him out the office door, knowing my attitude had been less than professional. At least he would chastise me in private.

We walked in silence down the ramp toward the entrance. The club didn’t open for another hour and the place was empty except for a few employees preparing for the night.

When we neared the front door, Hudson pulled me into the coat-check room. I squealed in surprise.

“Alayna,” Hudson growled, pressing me against the wall with his body, pinning my hands to my sides. His nose traveled along my jaw. “You were brilliant, do you know that?”

“No.” My voice squeaked, his unexpected change of temperament throwing me for a loop. “I mean, I thought my ideas were good, but then you didn’t say anything…” I trailed off in a moan as he nipped at my earlobe.

“I couldn’t. I was too fucking turned on.” He pushed his groin against my stomach, emphasizing his point and I fought off another moan. His warmth against me spread tingles throughout my body.

“Then it was good?”

“Oh, precious, do you really have to ask?” He pulled back to look at me. “You think smart—practical and yet outside the box.” He leaned his forehead against mine. “And it drives me fucking crazy.”

I felt giddy. I generally hooked up with men who were attracted to my body, not my mind. It elated me. I was also now sure that Hudson’s attraction to me began at the graduate symposium at Stern. “So Hudson Pierce is into nerdy girls.”

He alternated his words with hot kisses at my neck. “I’m into you—when you’re nerdy, when you’re flustered, when you’re whimpering under my tongue.”

Damn, Hudson knew how to hit my buttons—buttons I wasn’t even aware I had. I shivered under his kisses. I longed to touch him, to run my fingers through his hair, to pull his body closer to mine. But he still had my arms pinned so I had to settle with telling him with words. “I’m into you, too.”

He crushed my mouth with his, letting go of my arms to let his hands wander under my dress. He grabbed my bare ass squeezing and caressing my tender skin as he kissed me aggressively. My fingers flew to his face, and I cupped his cheeks as his tongue danced with mine.

When he pulled away, we were both panting. His eyes gleamed mischievously. “During your presentation—did you picture me naked?”

Always. I grinned. “I didn’t have enough to go on. I haven’t seen ya naked.”

“I haven’t seen you naked and that doesn’t stop me from picturing.” He scanned my body momentarily and growled. As if he were picturing me naked that very second.

His playful mood made me braver than I had been with him. “So when are we going to remedy all the seeing of naked bits?”

Hudson rubbed his thumb along my cheek. “Ah, now she’s eager. After she’s sampled the goods.”

“I was always eager. Now I’m sure.” I turned my mouth to nibble on his thumb and he raised a brow.

“What time do you work tomorrow?”

“Nine.”

His eyes widened as my nibbles turned to sucking. “I’ll make sure I’m done with work by five,” he said hoarsely. “Come by the loft then. Take the main elevator to the penthouse. You’ll have to enter the code: Seven-three-two-three. Repeat it for me.”

“Seven-three-two-three.”

“Good. I’ll text it to you so you don’t forget. Five o’clock. Don’t eat. I’ll feed you.” He pulled his thumb from my mouth and gave me a swift kiss. “And I’ll feed on you.” He returned again for a deeper kiss.

He sighed when he pushed away from me. “Tomorrow, precious.” He grabbed my hand and held it as long as he could while he walked away. Before he disappeared out of the coatroom he turned back. “Oh, and I assure you, bits is not an appropriate word for my naked parts.”

I assumed that already from the outline in his pants.

Less than an hour after Hudson left, Liesl stopped me as I passed the lower bar. “Laynie,” she said, nodding to a small bag on the counter. “Hot Stuff left that for you while you were pulling the cash drawers from the office.”

I bit my lip. “Hot stuff? You mean Hudson?”

“Yeah.” I had no idea what Hudson could have given me, and though I had been on my way to unlock the front doors and open the joint, I changed my direction and headed to the package.

A folded paper was taped to the outside. In neat block print he had written: I can’t let you go without. I blushed as I peeked inside, suspecting I knew what I’d find. Sure enough, there were my panties—laundered and folded neatly. I didn’t even want to think about what member of his staff got the job of cleaning the under things of Hudson’s fuck buddies. But the fact he’d made it happen was kind of cute.

“So what the fuck, Laynie?” Liesl said, and I quickly closed the bag.

“It’s nothing. I left something when I was at his office earlier.” Internally I smacked myself. Next she’d question why I’d been in Hudson’s office.

But that wasn’t what she asked. “You left your panties at Hudson’s office? Yeah, I looked. What did you expect from me?”

I rubbed a hand over my face. Liesl would find out soon enough. She’d find out the fake story, anyway. This was the perfect opportunity to tell her I was dating the man.

But I didn’t. I couldn’t. I wasn’t ready to share him yet. I wanted to live with the genuine a little longer before I started playing the pretend. “Liesl, I promise I’ll tell you. Just not tonight.”

She breathed out an exaggerated puff of air. “Fine, whatever. But you better have juicy details when you’re ready to spill.”

“Deal,” I said. I took the bag and its contents to the bathroom to put them on.

After I did, I caught myself smiling in the mirror. Maybe I’d been wrong about Hudson. He obviously wasn’t the pompous asshole I thought he was. In fact, he was turning out to be a pretty decent guy.

Damn it.





Chapter Eight





I woke up the next day with Hudson on the brain. Again. I’d never scheduled sex and knowing it was on the day’s agenda made my belly tight and my pussy throb. But with the constant replay in my head of words he’d said, moves he’d made—my panic flag began to rise. I wondered as I had many times in my life if I was doomed to live either obsessing about my relationships or obsessing whether or not I was obsessing over them.

With three hours before I was set to meet Hudson at the loft, I had to address my anxiety. Otherwise I’d be too wound up by the time I saw him and I doubted even his magic charm could unwind me.

I decided to take a jog and quickly regretted it. Midday runs were brutal in the summer, especially when I’d become used to running in the cool of the morning. Halfway through my planned course, I gave up and slowed to a walk. None of it helped ease my mind—the heat, the exercise—I still couldn’t stop wondering about Hudson, what he was doing and what he would do to me when I saw him.

By coincidence or subconscious effort, I found myself wandering over to the Unity Church where my old Addicts Anonymous group met. I’d discovered it at the height of my obsessive disorder—a place where atypical addicts got together to discuss everything from video gaming addictions to obsessive shopping. I’d moved away from attending on a regular basis since I hadn’t had any attacks in several years, but maybe checking in now wouldn’t be a bad idea.

I went inside and down to the basement meeting rooms, finding a session led by my favorite facilitator ending. I hung in the back until they’d finished, then made my way toward Lauren.

“Well, there’s a sight I haven’t seen in a while,” Lauren said, throwing her arms around me in a friendly hug, her hair hitting me in dozens of long braids. “Should I be concerned to see you?”

“I don’t know yet. Do you have any time to talk?”

“A bit. Wanna grab a cup of coffee at the corner café?”

“Yeah.”

As we walked, I caught Lauren up on my graduation and the prospects of promotion at the club, as well as the blow Brian had dealt me with his retraction of financial support. Lauren had counseled me through many of my family issues and knew probably better than anyone about the intricacies of the relationship with my brother.

“Will you be okay without the help from Brian?” Lauren asked when we were seated outside, each with an iced coffee. Her subtext said she was talking about more than the money. Stressful situations led to relapses in mental health disorders, and she wanted to know if I was stable enough to hold up.

“Maybe,” I said with a sigh. “I think so. Brian hasn’t been much help with any of my crap except financially. And I’ve gotten the money worked out.”

“You have? That’s great. I’m sensing a ‘but,’ though.”

“But there’s a guy.”

“Mm hmm.” She sat back, her arms crossed over her chest. “Go on.”

I paused, not really sure how to explain my relationship with Hudson, wanting to give details and knowing I couldn’t. I tried to pinpoint exactly what concerned me and express it as simply as possible. “We work together. And I can’t stop thinking about him.”

“Is it David?”

Thinking about David now seemed odd. I’d mentioned David before in the group, when we’d started our occasional make-out sessions. Now he felt distant and in the past though he’d only put a hold on us two days before. “It’s someone else.”

Lauren cocked her head. “What sort of thoughts are you having about him?”

“Fantasies.” I lowered my face to hide my blush. “Sexual fantasies.”

“What else?”

“That’s it.”

Lauren shook her head. “You’re not going to get me to say you’re having problems because you’re thinking kinky about a hot guy.”

“But it’s all the time. I mean, I wake up thinking about him, I go to sleep thinking about him, I’m tending bar and I’m thinking about him.”

“But no stalking or calling him at work or emailing him incessantly?”

“No.”

“Only sexual thoughts?”

“No, I replay things he’s said to me in my head. I wonder what he’s doing and thinking.”

“Have you considered you might just like him?”

I took a swallow of my coffee. Up until the night before I had spent a lot of time considering that I didn’t like Hudson. Except sexually. I always knew my female parts were drawn to him. But other than that, no, I hadn’t considered it. I couldn’t.

“Lauren, I can’t like him,” I groaned. “We…there’s no chance with him.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes. We’ve discussed it.”

She looked at me curiously. I searched for something more I could give her. “He doesn’t do romance,” I conceded.

“Lots of women get the hots for men that are unattainable. It’s natural. It doesn’t mean you’re falling backwards. Stay realistic about the situation. If you feel he’s consuming your thoughts to the point that it’s affecting your daily routine, then you need to seek some help.”

“So would sleeping with him be a bad idea?” If she said yes, I didn’t know what I’d do. I didn’t think I could cancel on Hudson. I wanted him too badly.

“Have you?”

“Not yet.”

Lauren looked at me sternly. “But you’re planning on it, right? Now, girl, sex with no intention of a relationship opens up a whole other host of problems that have nothing to do with addiction but certainly can add to it.”

“Is it impossible to have meaningless sex?”

“I’m sure it’s possible, I just don’t know very many people who get away with it. And I don’t mean to imply that you’re not strong enough to deal with it, but, honey, are you?”

“It might get rid of the fantasies.”

“Maybe. It also might make you latch on.”

“Not to sound like a slut, Lauren, but I’ve had quite a few one-night flings in the last few years with no attachment issues.”

“Then maybe you’ll be fine. But your one-night things work because you don’t see the guy every day after. You’ll still see this guy after, right?”

My one-night flings worked because those guys were fuck and forget guys. Hudson, not-so-much. And I would be seeing him after. ”Occasionally.” Probably more than that. Truthfully, I didn’t have any idea how much our little scam would require me to see Hudson. The charade was set to start Sunday, though, and he’d been intent on keeping the sex separate so I imagined that we’d be having a one day affair and then would move on.

Lauren studied me carefully. After a few minutes she shrugged. “I can’t tell you what to do, Laynie. And I can’t tell you that sleeping with this guy or not sleeping with this guy will make any difference in whether you do or don’t fall into obsessive patterns. What I can do is be there for you and suggest that you come back to group for a while for some extra support.”

Extra support was a good idea. Before we parted, I agreed to come to a weekly meeting. Then I hurried home to prepare for my evening because I had not agreed to cancel my sex date with Hudson.





Again I agonized about my wardrobe choice for my night with Hudson, finally settling on a black sequined cowl neck shirt and sequined striped shorts. Jordan dropped me off in front of the Pierce Industries building a few minutes before five. By the time I’d entered the elevator code and ridden up to the penthouse, I was shaking in my strappy three-inch heeled sandals.

It took at least one full minute before I could bring myself to knock on the loft door. Hudson opened it immediately, as if he waited just on the other side, but he had his cell phone to his ear. “Roger, I don’t want to hear that we lost this company because my staff wasn’t able to foresee the possibility of separation.” He held the receiver away from his mouth. “Come in,” he whispered to me. Then he returned to his call as he shut the door behind me.

I couldn’t decide if his preoccupation with work made me more or less nervous, but I took the opportunity to check him out. He wore tailored black suit pants and a light gray dress shirt with several buttons open at the top, his tie hanging undone around his neck. I fixed on his exposed chest, picturing myself licking the patch of bare skin that I was seeing for the first time. God, if I was this enthralled by a few square inches, what would I do when he was naked?

He returned my stare, his eyes intense and dilated with want. The heat I always felt in his presence turned on full force and the moments he stood there on the phone felt like agonizing hours.

“Take care of it, Roger. I expect this to be resolved before I arrive on Monday.” He ended the phone call without saying goodbye, tossing his Blackberry onto the table beside the front door, his gaze never leaving mine.

“Hi,” I whispered, unable to handle the acute silence.

His lip curled slowly into a sexy grin.

That was all it took. One smile and I couldn’t hold back any longer. I’d imagined the first move would be his, but it was me who moved to him, my mouth crashing against his.

His surprise lasted only a millisecond before he responded in kind. His previous kisses had been deep and passionate, but this one held no restraint as he plunged his tongue into the recesses of my mouth with desperate hunger. I met his eagerness with equal fervor, licking into his mouth, swooping my tongue across his teeth.

Without breaking our kiss, Hudson’s hands moved under my shirt to palm my breasts through my bra. I gasped at the wonderful tingles that shot through my body under his gentle squeezing. My own hands fumbled with his shirt buttons, images of me ripping the damn thing off filling my mind.

Just as I’d completely opened his shirt, he pulled away, panting. “Jesus, Alayna. I want you so bad, I’m not behaving.”

“Hudson,” I said, closing the distance he’d created. “If this is misbehaving, please don’t stop.” I slid his shirt off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor, then put my tongue on his chest and licked under his collarbone toward his nipple.

He groaned. “At least let me take you to a bed. If you keep this up, I’m going to fuck you against the door.”

“That doesn’t sound like the worst thing in the world,” I murmured, but I let him lead me toward the partitioned bedroom.

“No, it doesn’t.” He stopped a few feet from the bed and pulled me into his arms. He nuzzled my neck as he said, “But I won’t be able to savor you properly and I’ll forever regret it.”

He tugged the bottom of my shirt up and over my head then reached behind to undo the clasp of my lacey black demi-cup bra. When it fell off, releasing my tits from their C cup prison, I wanted nothing but to press my skin against his naked chest.

But Hudson wanted to gaze, mesmerized. “I imagined you’d have beautiful breasts, Alayna. But I had no idea…” He broke off, his voice choked. He pushed me back until my legs met his bed and I had to sit. Kneeling in front of me, Hudson flicked one breast with his tongue, cupping it toward his mouth with his hand, his other hand wrapped around my back.

With a growl, his mouth covered my nipple and sucked and tugged with pleasing pressure. I cried out at the jolt that accompanied his ardor, my cunt tightening. I clutched his hair as he feasted thoroughly, leaving me gasping and near orgasm before he turned the same attention to my other breast.

When he’d finished, he kissed his way down my stomach. “You’re so responsive. I could spend all day sucking your gorgeous tits.” He pushed me back on to the bed. “But there’s so much of you to adore.”

He gripped his fingers in the waistbands of my shorts and panties and pulled down. I arched my hips to help him. “My shoes,” I said when my bottoms reached my ankles.

“I love them.” He maneuvered my clothing over my high-heels. “I want them digging into my back when you wrap your legs around me.”

I quivered at his sensual instruction. Not a particular lover, I enjoyed the way he told me how things would be, trusting that his way would bring us both pleasure.

“Lean on your elbows.” I did and he bent one leg up then the other, anchoring my heels on the edge of the bed, my thighs open. He sighed as he slid his hands up the inside of my legs. “You’re so fucking sexy like this. All spread out for me.” My sex clenched and he smiled, running his fingers down my slit. “You want me. Look how your pretty pussy throbs.”

No one had ever talked to me like that—so raw and crude. It was incredibly hot and savage and combined with the repeated tease of his fingers brushing across my pulsing bud, it wouldn’t take much to bring me to convulsions. As soon as his tongue replaced his fingers, grazing me with velvet licks, I unraveled, throwing my head back to let out a ragged cry.

“Again,” he demanded gruffly, plunging three fingers deep inside me. My hands curled into the bedspread, not sure I could take another, wanting even more than his fingers. He stroked me, rubbing the inside of my walls as he returned his mouth to suck on my clit. When I’d reached the brink of climax again, shuddering under the building tension, he stretched his other hand up to my breast and tugged at my nipple with his fingers. I came violently, thrashing against the bed, my sex rippling around his digits.

As I lay shaking, I was vaguely aware of Hudson removing his clothing. I heard the drawer of the nightstand open and close and the rip of a condom foil. He shifted me backward on the bed, giving himself space to crawl over me. Then he settled between my legs, his hot staff pressing at my quivering entrance.

“You’re ready for me,” he said, leaning his weight on his forearms. He aligned his erection with my opening and entered me partway. “Jesus, Alayna,” he hissed. “You feel so goddamn good.”

I gasped as he invaded me. He was so big. Not sure if he would fit, I tensed, knowing that I had to relax if I had any hope of accommodating him. He adjusted my leg and that’s what I needed. I opened to him and he sunk deeper, nestling in my tight channel.

I couldn’t remember ever having felt so completely filled, not only because of his girth, but because of the way his eyes pierced mine as he stretched and moved within me. He circled his hips nudging his tip forward. “So good.”

He pulled out slowly, almost the entire length of his cock, and I bemoaned the emptiness left behind. Then he flexed his hips and rammed inside me with a fierce stroke.

I cried out and he echoed with a low grumble of desire. He pressed his chest against me and captured my mouth, kissing me roughly with my taste on his lips as he pounded into me.

Even though he’d already taken care of me—twice—I was desperate for him to bring me to another orgasm. I rocked against him, meeting each grinding pulse of his hips, moaning and panting as I took each one of his blunt drives.

“Wrap your legs around me,” Hudson grunted as he continued his assault.

I obeyed, having forgotten his earlier wish for me to do so. My heels hit against the back of his thighs, digging into him as he moved in and out of me, adding an additional level of eroticism. Lifting my legs also opened me further, and his cock bore deeper into me, hitting a spot within that ignited at each stroke.

My orgasm built from there, my body tightening and clenching and contracting around Hudson’s pummeling thrusts. “I’m going to come,” I groaned, already trembling.

“Yes,” Hudson cried. “Yes, come, Alayna.” My climax crashed through me, brought to a head by his coaxing. Seconds later, his own body tensed and jerked, releasing into me long and hard, my name spilling from his lips.

He fell onto my quaking body, our chests rising and falling in tandem. His head buried into the crook of my neck as I pulled my fingers through his sweat-dampened hair.

“I knew sex with you would be like that,” he said, his voice almost a whisper. “Powerful and intense and fucking incredible. I knew it.”

I swallowed, forcing down any emotion that threatened to show itself except for satiation. “Me, too.”





Chapter Nine





I must have dozed. When I woke, Hudson stood over me, pulling a comforter over my naked body.

“Sleep, precious,” he said as I struggled to sit up. He’d put on a pair of sweats, but he still smelled like sex. My belly tightened in response to his scent. Would my lust for Hudson never be satisfied?

He brushed a kiss on my forehead. “I need to order dinner. Chinese okay?”

I stretched. “Sounds delicious.”

“I’ll call it in.”

I watched his gorgeous backside as he left the bedroom, luxuriating in what was left of my post-sex high. God, I felt good. I hadn’t been fucked like that in…well, ever. The care and attention Hudson delivered as a lover left little to be desired. Of course, that made me want him. Again.

I tugged the comforter tighter around me, an uneasy feeling creeping over me. I tried to dissect its source. The fact was I felt comfortable—too comfortable. My number one rule in avoiding unhealthy attachments was to avoid attachments in general. Getting comfortable was too close to attached. And there was no way I could get attached to Hudson.

A tenuous ball of anxiety began forming in my belly. I could stay through dinner, I decided, but I needed to be dressed and sitting at a table. And then, after the night was over, Hudson and I had to keep our relationship to business only.

Throwing off the blanket, I began to gather my clothes. I found my panties and slipped them on then reached for my bra.

“You’re getting dressed?”

I jumped. Hudson was standing in the doorway, watching me, carrying his shirt and tie that he’d—um, we’d—discarded earlier in the main room. Suddenly feeling awkward at my near nakedness, I crossed my arms over my chest.

He tossed his clothes on top of the laundry basket then crossed his own arms. Hudson didn’t appear to be hiding as I was, but looked like he meant to scold me. He raised a brow. “Are you in a hurry to leave?”

I shivered. His gaze and my lack of clothing made it hard to remember why I’d wanted to go. I looked away. He probably wanted me gone soon anyway, having already gotten what he wanted. We didn’t have to pretend otherwise. “Guys don’t usually want me to hang around after sex.”

“That statement brings up so many issues for discussion that I don’t know where to begin.” He stepped toward me. “What is wrong with men to not…?” He shook his head. “Alayna, please don’t group me with other guys you know. I’d like to think I’m not like most of them. And I don’t want to know or think about you having sex with other men. I don’t share.”

Not meeting his eye, I picked up my shorts from the floor, ignoring the thrill that ran up my spine from his suggestion of possessiveness. “That sounds awfully relationshippy to me. I thought you didn’t do relationships.”

“I don’t do romantic relationships. Sexual relationships are another thing entirely. Why are you getting ready to leave?”

Avoiding his question, I dove for my shirt at the foot of the bed, but Hudson beat me to it. “Stop,” he said, holding my shirt out of my reach. He put his finger under my chin so that I would look him in the eye. His brow creased in confusion and his tone held sincerity. “I want you to stay. And, if you are so inclined, I’d prefer that you not be dressed.”

I wanted to melt under his invitation, but I refused to be affected. “You’re dressed,” I said, crossing my arms over my chest again, sounding like a pouty child. The knot of anxiety was tightening, and I was grabbing at anything I could to try to stand my ground.

“As soon as the food’s here, I’ll be happy to lose the clothing. Would that make you feel better?”

“Yes.” But that was my hormones talking. My hormones wanted him naked. And hard. And slippery with sweat.

But my brain wasn’t sure it was a good idea. “I don’t know,” I corrected.

Still holding my chin, he brushed my cheek with his other hand. “What’s going on inside your head, precious? Are you going to run off every time we have sex?”

He wanted to have sex with me again. My girl parts clenched at the thought. But, as my arousal piqued, so did the terror throbbing in my veins. Usually sex ended any interest I had in a guy. Except for before—when nothing ended my interest in a guy and I obsessed about them endlessly. And now—when every part of my body screamed with the need to have more of the man in front of me. Oh, fucking god, was I falling into old patterns?

I turned away. “I hadn’t really thought this would be more than a one-time thing, Hudson.”

He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. “Alayna.” He searched my eyes, looking for an answer I knew he wouldn’t find because I didn’t have the answers myself. “If you don’t want to have sex with me again, you need to tell me.”

“I do!” His hands on me, and his piercing eyes elicited the truth from my lips. “I do,” I said again softly. I threw my arms around him and pressed my face against his chest, nuzzling his hard pecs. He returned my embrace. So warm. He felt so warm and safe and strong. Like he could shield me from whatever scared me. Like the reality of him—the reality of what he was to me—might be enough to keep me from needing more.

“What is it?” His voice was light. He stroked my hair, and my panic lowered half a notch. “Tell me.”

Tears threatened and I was grateful he couldn’t see my face. Was I doomed to live the rest of my life afraid of becoming close to people? To men? “I’m not good at relationships. Of any sort. I have…issues.” What the fuck was I doing? Casual sex meant no sharing of inner secrets. But it felt good to say it.

“Like what?” Hudson’s hands tangled in my hair, soothing me. “Does this have anything to do with that restraining order?”

The floor dropped from underneath me. I couldn’t move. “You know about that?” No one knew about that. At least, very few people. Brian, my support group, Liesl had heard bits and pieces. But I would never have told Hudson. I broke free of his arms and fell onto the bed, burying my face in the blankets. “Oh, god, I’m so embarrassed!”

He laughed and lay on the bed next to me, his head propped on his elbow near mine. He rubbed his hand across my backside, massaging my tense muscles. It felt so good that, had I not been dying of humiliation, I’m sure I would have moaned.

When he spoke, his voice was low and at my ear. “I know intimate things about you, precious—the way you look and the sounds you make when you’re about to come—and you’re concerned about this?”

I groaned into the bed, half from misery and half from the pleasure I felt from his fingers on my back. I turned my head so he could hear me talk, but away from him so I wouldn’t have to see his face. “It was a big deal. The biggest deal. Like my biggest secret. I thought my brother had buried it.” I rose up on my elbow and turned to eye him. “And are you saying I should be embarrassed about how I look and sound when…you know?”

“I needed to know anything that might come up about my pretend girlfriend. It wasn’t necessarily easy to find, but not incredibly hard. It’s been buried now.” He cupped my cheek, his eyes growing dark. “And never, never be ashamed of how you look or sound at any time, especially when you’re about to come.” He circled his nose around mine. “I’m honored to be acquainted with you in that way.”

“I’m mortified.” I let my head fall back on the bed, but stayed facing him. “About the restraining order, I mean. I don’t know how to react to the other.”

“Why?”

He ran his hand across my face and through my hair, each stroke setting off an electric charge that sparked in my core. It relaxed me and comforted me and made me feel like Jello. He could have asked me anything right then and I’d have surrendered. “Because it makes me feel all weird and tingly. And turned on.”

“Fantastic.” He grinned. “But I meant, why are you mortified?”

“Oh.” I flushed. What I’d said in error was actually less embarrassing than what he had really asked. But since he was still stroking me with that magic hand of his that had more power than Chinese water torture, I answered him that, too. “Because it’s evidence of my crazy. You know, when I said I love too much? The restraining order is part of that, and I like to pretend it never happened.”

“Then it never did.” He kissed my nose. “We’ve all done insane things in the past. I’d never hold it against you.” He stopped stroking my hair, and looked somewhere beyond me. “Just another reason romantic love holds no interest for me. People get crazy with it.”

Then he relaxed and focused back on me. “But going back to the heart of this conversation—why does that have a bearing on a relationship between you and me?”

I sat up, unnerved by how easily he dismissed my past behavior. “I freaked out, Hudson. About a guy.” He wasn’t taking me seriously and I needed him to understand. “Several guys, actually, but it was the last one that ended not well.”

He sat up next to me, our shoulders brushing. “And do you think you’re going to ‘freak out’ about me?”

I focused on my hands in my lap. “I really can’t honestly tell you. I’ve stayed away from any relationships for a while so I wouldn’t have to deal with it. Trying to have something now with you—it’s uncharted territory for me.” Truthfully, as scared as I was of falling into unhealthy patterns, I didn’t want to end things with Hudson. And we would be working together. Even if the best course of action was to not sleep with him again, would I be able to resist?

I looked him in the eyes, wondering if I’d scared him off yet. Because as much as I knew he should run, I hoped he wouldn’t. “I haven’t freaked out so far. With you. And I don’t want to not have sex with you again. I mean…” I turned away, blushing for the millionth time.

He wrapped his arms around me and nibbled on my ear. “You’re adorable when you’re flustered. I don’t want to not have sex with you again either. So we won’t do that. We’ll have tons of incredible sex instead.”

I let myself be held in his embrace. “I’m not saying yes, yet.” But wasn’t I? “I have to take this one day at a time.” And what would I do if I woke up one morning completely obsessed with him? As if I could stop things with him at that point.

“Alayna, you might have to take this one day at a time, but I already know there will be tons of fucking between the two of us.” He pulled me closer, and I melted at his words, at his touch. “In fact, I’m going to have to be inside you again before you leave for work.”

I felt his erection at my bare belly. Instead of being surprised and ashamed that I still wanted him so very much, I decided to relish in it. “Like right now?”

He kissed me, deeply, his tongue taking over my mouth. Then, just as quickly, he broke away. “Not right now, precious. Dinner’s almost he—” The intercom buzzed before he’d finished his word. He smiled as he stood. Then he headed to the front room, saying over his shoulder, “But your enthusiasm is super hot.”

I smiled to myself, enjoying the residual tingle from our kiss. Fuck. Dinner was here and I wasn’t dressed. Putting on my own clothes now would be a statement. Staying naked would be too. I sat up and eyed his shirt on top of the laundry basket. It would have to do as a compromise.

I pulled off my shorts and had barely finished buttoning his shirt when Hudson returned with a bag of food in one hand and two plates in the other. He scanned me up and down, a pleased glint in his eye. “If you have to be dressed, I completely approve.”

Suddenly feeling playful, I curtsied. “Well, thank you very much, Mr. Pierce. I don’t know what I’d do without your approval.”

He grinned, crossing to the bed. “Should I undress? I said I would.”

“Not if you want me to actually eat. I’d be much too distracted. And I already have a hard time with chopsticks.”

Hudson gestured for me to join him on the bed. “Do you need me to feed you?”

“Hmm. Maybe.”

We ate together, eating Mongolian beef and Szechuan chicken spread out over the bed. I struggled with my chopsticks, half of my food not making it to my mouth. Every now and then he fed me, and I let him, enjoying being cared for in a way I hadn’t been in a long time, if ever.

“What are you doing tomorrow?” Hudson asked after he’d left and returned with two glasses of iced tea. “Before work, I mean.”

I took a swallow, moved that Hudson chose to drink with me when he probably preferred wine. “I’m off work at three tonight. Or tomorrow morning, however you want to look at it. I’ll probably sleep a good part of the day. I work at nine tomorrow night. Why?”

He reached over to feed me another bite. “I need to take you shopping. You’ll need an outfit for my mother’s charity event.”

I practically choked on a water chestnut. “Oh my freaking god, one inappropriate outfit and you assume I can’t dress myself. Seriously, I should burn it.”

“That’s not it at all. I happen to love that outfit and would be very disappointed to find you’d burned it. I actually hope to see you wearing it again. In private, of course.” His eyes glazed, perhaps picturing me in the tight corset I’d worn that night I officially met him. “And I’ve adored every other outfit of yours.” He tugged at the bottom of my shirt—his shirt—that I was wearing. “You have an excellent sense of fashion. But my mother would expect a girl I dated to be dressed…” He paused. “How should I put it?”

I kind of liked watching him struggle with his words for once. But he seemed miserable so I helped him out. “I get it. I need designer clothes.” I paused, trying to decide if I was offended. “I guess if you want to take me out and buy me expensive clothes, I’m not going to argue.”

His lips curled slightly. “That’s a beautiful attitude. I’ll pick you up at two. Plan to spend the day with me. And don’t look at me like that—there will only be sex if you want there to be.”

Of course I’d want there to be. But whether or not I thought it should happen remained to be seen. I let myself consider it. “How do you intend on this working, exactly? Do you text me when you want a booty call?”

“Sure. Or you can text me. Or we can arrange ahead of time like we did tonight.” Hudson studied me. “What would you say to no condoms?”

I’d always thought condoms were a drag, but I hadn’t ever been in a committed relationship where I could consider not using them. It struck me as odd that after one time I was having this conversation with Hudson. “I suppose if you’re clean…I’m on birth control. I get the shot. My last STD test was a month ago and it came back clean.”

“I am clean. I’m checked monthly. And I hate condoms.”

“Then no more condoms.”

He smiled and I caught my mistake.

“If I agree, I mean.”

“Mmhmm.” He stroked his hand up my bare thigh. Sexual tension hung in the air between us, but my brain screamed at me to be cautious.

I hugged my knees, casually pulling away from his touch. “You said you expected fidelity—can I expect the same from you? Or will you be using this loft with other women?”

Hudson moved our leftover dinner to the floor, clearing the space between us. Then he put a hand on each of my knees, pinning me with his eyes. “I’m not a slut, Alayna. This loft has been used for sex, yes, but I have it so I can be close to my office, not for fucking.” He stretched a hand out to brush a strand of hair behind my ear. “I will be as faithful as I expect you to be.”

His nearness, his touch, his promise of fidelity—it stirred my arousal, begging me to give in. But it also tugged at something much deeper, something both familiar and unknown, something I couldn’t name or identify, and I knew if I tried, it—whatever it was—would come rushing up and consume me.

I scrambled off the bed. “I can’t think about this anymore right now.” I began gathering my clothing.

“Why are you panicking?” Hudson stood as well.

I turned to him, suddenly angry—with him, with myself, with my stupid compulsion to cling and drive people away, with my parents for dying and pushing me into that behavior. “You know, it’s all very good and fine for you to say you want a committed sexual relationship. You’ll have no problem remaining unemotionally involved—that’s your default. It’s not my default. Don’t you see what you’re asking of me might be impossible for me to deliver?” I rubbed at my eyes, hoping to stop any tears before they dared to fall.

Hudson reached toward me, but I stepped away. “The more we have sex, Hudson, the more I’m likely to latch on, and even if you were into that, you wouldn’t be into the level that I latch. So, trust me when I say this has bad idea written all over it. Let’s call this a wonderful—oh, my god, such a wonderful evening—and now we need to move on.”

His mouth tightened into a straight line. “If that’s what you need.”

“I do.” I hugged myself, embarrassed by my outburst. “And I need a shower. Do you mind?”

“Not at all. In there.” He gestured toward the bathroom. “I’ll bring you some towels.”

He sounded distant, and I immediately regretted pushing him there. Already I missed the warmth of him.

In the bathroom, I threw my clothes on the black granite counter and avoided looking in the mirror, not liking who I’d see staring back at me. I turned the shower on extra hot, hoping the heat would relieve the chill that had settled on me, and climbed under the heavy spray.

In there, alone, water and steam embracing me, the tears came freely. I cried soundlessly, surrendering to the hollow loneliness that I had grown accustomed to before Hudson arrived to show me something new.

Absorbed in my self-pity, I didn’t hear him enter the bathroom with the towels, and when he opened the shower door and slid in to join me, instead of cursing his obvious lack of respect for my wishes to withdraw from him, I abandoned myself and pressed my lips to his.

He responded without hesitation, kissing me with gentle aggression. When I pulled away to catch my breath, he reached for the bottle of body wash and poured a small dollop onto his hand. Then he began to wash me. He took his time, running his soapy hands over every inch of my body. At my breasts he lingered longer, squeezing and caressing them both, flicking across my nipples with his thumbs. I sighed into the pleasure.

When he’d thoroughly cleaned the top half of me, he bent to wash my legs, starting with my feet and moving up my long limbs. He moved so slowly, so sensually, massaging the suds into my skin, that by the time his fingers slid through the folds at the base of my belly, I was ready to beg. His thumbs brushed past my clit and I moaned.

He swept through my folds over and over, and I jerked at each teasing pass. “Hudson,” I said, my teeth gritted, my pussy clenching with need.

“Is this what you want?” He thrust two fingers inside me, twisting them.

“Yes!” I gasped. “I mean, no. I want you.”

His grin was wicked as he continued to grind into me with his fingers. “You’ll have to wait. I’m enjoying making you wait.”

I wanted to argue, but he added a third finger to his probe and gently squeezed my clit and speech became impossible. I moaned as I rocked back and forth, digging my nails into Hudson’s broad shoulders.

Just when I’d reached the brink of orgasm, his fingers left my body. I opened my eyes and found him standing in front of me, holding the bottle of body wash. “I need to be washed too.”

My body ached with yearning, but I was eager to explore him. I hadn’t even fully taken in his naked body, having been too distracted in the bedroom and now in the shower. Lathering my hands up, I began as he had, at his shoulders, but I was too greedy to move slowly. Soon, I’d cleansed all but his cock. I stared at his giant erection, fascinated by its length and girth. He’d felt big, but I had no idea he was that big.

I swallowed. Hard.

“What’s the matter, precious?” I sensed he was smiling, unable to move my eyes from the sight in front of me.

“Um, wow,” I managed. “I’m a little intimidated.”

“But it’s already been inside you. You know it fits.” His voice grew ragged. “Touch it, Alayna.”

His command stirred me to movement. I circled my hands around his shaft and stroked his hot silky skin. He felt so firm, so powerful, so perfect. I moved my fist up and down, once, twice, and the third time, he leapt in my hands.

At the next stroke, he growled and hoisted me up, encouraging me to wrap my legs around him. He pressed my back against the tile wall, his mouth ravaging mine, and in one fierce thrust, he was inside me. I tangled my hands in his hair as he rammed into me, feeling every inch of his cock filling me and fucking me.

I cried as my orgasm shook through me, the tremors of it spreading all the way to my toes. Hudson quickened his pace, clutching tighter to my hips so he could pump through my sex as it spasmed around his steel shaft. Several strokes later he released with his own cry, his cock jerking inside me as he spurted hotly into my sex.

In that moment, I let myself believe we could be together like that, how he wanted, without becoming consumed, even though I was afraid that I already was.





Chapter Ten





Anxious for our shopping adventure, I decided to wait for Hudson in front of my building. I’d expected Jordan and the Maybach, so I was surprised when Hudson pulled up driving a Mercedes SL Roadster.

I slipped into the passenger seat. “Nice wheels.”

His lips curled up into a sexy grin as he eased the car out into traffic. “Glad you approve.”

I didn’t know where to look first—at the luxury sports car or at Hudson in his tight dark blue jeans and fitted maroon button down shirt. I hadn’t seen him in casual wear, and, as good as he looked in his suits, this new look had my tummy fluttering.

Well, Hudson in general made my tummy flutter.

“So you drove yourself?” Normally, I’m not much into small talk, but the sexual undertone between us needed silencing. Especially because another morning of constantly questioning the healthiness of my Hudson relationship had led me to decide the day needed to be sex free. I needed to counteract any attachment with distance. Hopefully, I wouldn’t chicken out when it came to telling him.

He glanced at me over his shoulder before he switched lanes. “Why does my driving surprise you?”

I shrugged, securing my seatbelt. “I figured you always had a driver.” Not that he needed one. He navigated city traffic well and watching him handle the wheel was hot.

“What’s the fun of having a cool car if you don’t get to drive it?”

“Good point.”

At the next stoplight, Hudson peeked at me over his Ray Ban Aviator sunglasses. “You look gorgeous, Alayna. As usual.”

His voice oozed pure seduction, and I pulled at the hem of my blue shift dress, wondering if it had always been as short as it suddenly seemed. “Are you buttering me up so I’ll let you choose what I try on?”

“I’ll choose what you try on anyway.”

“Of course, you will.” He was paying, after all.

We drove in silence for a few minutes, exchanging occasional glances that held the entire weight of our attraction. Under certain circumstances, the flirting and tension would be fun, but not when I felt so off-balance and unsure.

I had to get my declaration over with. “Um, Hudson, could we keep today to shopping only?” I hoped to God he understood what I meant without spelling it out.

He did. A brief flash of disappointment crossed his face—or maybe it was my imagination. His voice seemed stiff when he said, “Whatever you want, Alayna.”

Immediately, I regretted saying anything. The fun flirty mood vanished, and Hudson became reserved and withdrawn. I considered taking my words back, but really, how could I do that?

“We’re going to Mirabelle’s,” he said after a few minutes, not looking at me.

“Mirabelle, your sister?” Hudson’s sister, Mirabelle owned a popular designer boutique in Greenwich Village. It was the type of place you could only get into with an appointment, but from what I’d seen from window-shopping, the woman had mad fashion skills.

“Yes. Her friends are throwing her a baby shower today and so I’d hoped she wouldn’t be at the shop. However, when she learned I was bringing my girlfriend in for a fitting, she insisted on being there to meet you. Which means we’re officially on the job. Is that a problem?”

“Um, no, of course not.” My palms started to sweat. It occurred to me that the hours I spent worrying if I had any impulse to stalk Hudson online should have been spent actually stalking him online. Then I’d maybe have some more info about the supposed love of my life. “What if she asks me things? About you? About us?” And how would we be able to pull off the image of a happy couple when the tension between us was palpable?

“Don’t worry about it. I’ll be there. Follow my lead.” Hudson reached under his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Frankly, you’re unlikely to get a chance to speak at all. Mirabelle is somewhat of a talker.”

“But…what do I do?”

“Just be my girlfriend.”





“Oh my god, Hudson, you told me she was gorgeous, but I had no idea!” The perky brunette who stood in front of me was clearly Hudson’s relative. They shared many of the same features—chiseled cheekbones and strong jaws and matching hair and skin tones. Where Hudson was broad and muscular, Mirabelle was petite, her small stature accentuated by the round belly that protruded in front of her.

Mirabelle continued talking as she scanned me up and down, circling around me and Hudson, who had held my hand since grabbing it right before ringing the service bell. “She is going to be so much fun to dress. She’s got my favorite body type—all boobs and hips and—“ She paused as she raised my already short dress. “Fantastic legs, Hudson!”

Hudson’s wicked grin appeared as he squeezed my hand. “Yes, I’m well acquainted with Alayna’s physical assets.”

Heat ran to my face.

Mirabelle hit her brother playfully. “You’re such a bad boy.” Then she faced me and gasped, covering her mouth with her hand. “Oh my goodness, I’m talking about you in the third person. How could I be so rude! I’m so excited to finally meet you, Alayna! Hudson has told me so much about you!”

She threw her arms around me in a generous hug. I glared at Hudson over her shoulder, wondering what he’d said about me and how I’d let myself walk into this moment so unprepared. He shrugged in response and let go of my hand, no longer giving me an excuse to not embrace her back.

By the time Mirabelle released me, I’d realized I needed to stop fretting and get into character. I swallowed and gave her a wide smile. “Glad to meet you too. But call me Laynie.”

“And you can call me Mira. Huds is way too proper.” She wrapped her arm around mine, reminding me of the annoying popular girls in high school who walked down the halls with their hands clasped with their girlfriends. Though admittedly, it wasn’t as annoying when you were the girl being clasped. “Okay, okay, okay, I can’t stay long today which I regret immensely, so let’s get started. I already have a million ideas for you.”

I hadn’t had a chance to look around, having been accosted by Mira at the entryway, but now I surveyed the shop. Though small, Mirabelle’s held a wide range of women’s clothing and shoes. The walls and furniture were all brilliant white, giving the room an air of elegance while letting the clothing on display pop like art.

“Are we shopping only for Mom’s event?” Mira asked, her forehead creased as if pondering where to start.

Hudson kept his hand at the small of my back. Despite knowing that the gesture was part of the show staged for his sister, the electricity that always accompanied his touch ran up my spine. “Specifically for the fashion show, but let’s see what else we can find. Whatever Alayna loves, we’ll buy.” He gazed at me with a look that could only be described as adoration. God, he was good.

Mira’s attention was on us so I made sure to return Hudson’s stare, fighting to not lose myself in his intense, gray eyes. “Aw, thank you.” I added sugar to my usually unsweetened tone. I turned to Mira. “Hudson spoils me. I don’t deserve him.”

Hudson began to protest but was interrupted by a buzz on his phone. “Excuse me.” His eyes narrowed as he read his text.

Mira ignored him and gathered clothing over her arm. “This and this, oh and this will be perfect on you!” She called toward the back of the store. “Stacy, can you start us a room?”

A tall, skinny blonde appeared out of an office in the back. She took the clothing Mira handed her. “Which room do you want to use?” Although she spoke to Mira, Stacy stared longingly toward Hudson. Longingly enough to make me wonder if they had a history or if Stacy wished they had a history.

I snuck my own glance at Hudson. He was still typing things into his cell phone, his brow furrowed and his mouth pulled in a tight line.

“The big dressing room please. Laynie, this is my assistant, Stacy.” Mira drew the blonde’s attention back to her. “Laynie is Hudson’s girlfriend so make sure she gets VIP treatment.”

“Certainly,” Stacy said with a bright fake smile, her eyes shooting daggers in my direction.

When Stacy had retreated out of earshot, I leaned into Mira. “Your assistant seems not to like me very much.” I paused. Should I say more? I decided yes. It was the real me that wanted to know about Stacy and Hudson, but girlfriend me would want to know too. “And she seems to like Hudson an awful lot. Is there something between them?”

Mira hesitated, not looking me in the eye. “Ignore her. Stacy’s totally been in love with Huds for forever, even though she’s completely not his type. Nothing to worry about. It’s actually comical.”

She seemed like she may have been holding back, but on the other hand, maybe she was just awkward about talking girl crushes with her brother’s girlfriend. I decided on the latter when Mira lowered her voice. “Did you notice how Hudson didn’t even give her the time of day?” She giggled.

“I did.” I giggled too. For real. I liked Mira.

Mira continued gathering clothing and accessories. “Hudson, what do you think about these?” She held up a pair of strappy heels.

Without looking up, Hudson grunted his response. “Uh huh.”

I bit my lip, wondering what had him preoccupied. He’d been determined to pick clothes for me, and I knew he wanted to play up the sham for his sister. Instead, he’d been on his phone since we’d arrived. A small part of me feared he was passively-aggressively dealing with my no sex declaration by avoiding our situation. But then again, Hudson wasn’t ever passive about anything.

Mira didn’t approve of his lack of attention either. “Huds, it’s the weekend. Put your Blackberry away.” She nudged him with her elbow. “You finally have a girlfriend. Are you trying to run her off?”

Hudson finished his typing and raised his head. “Hmm?”

I stepped in front of him and put my hands on his biceps—his perfectly sculpted biceps. “Listen to your sister and stop with the working.”

He pocketed his phone and wrapped his arms around me. “Are you feeling ignored?” His face had relaxed, but his eyes still showed signs of distress.

“You’re going to make me think you have another girl.” Maybe he did have another girl. I’d nixed the sex and maybe he was now going through his contact list.

I shoved the idea out of my mind and rubbed my nose against his. Then, because I couldn’t help myself, I lowered my voice and asked. “Is everything okay?”

“It’s work.” He nuzzled his face against mine, but not before he glanced at Mira to make sure she was watching. His phone buzzed in his pocket again. He pulled it out, leaving one arm wrapped loosely around me. His body stiffened under my hands as he read his text. “I’m sorry, baby, I have to make a phone call.”

Baby? In my head, I rolled my eyes.

Mira actually did roll her eyes. “Come with me, Laynie. He can make his boring call. Let’s go try some of these things on you.” She took my arm, ready to lead me to the dressing room.

Hudson paused his dialing. “Hold on a second, I’ll join you.”

Mira shook her head. “We’ll come out and show you her outfits. Don’t worry.”

“Mirabelle, I’m not leaving Alayna alone with my over-enthusiastic little sister.”

I vacillated between gratefulness for Hudson’s protection and suspicion that he didn’t want me alone with Mira for reasons of his own. I leaned toward suspicion, but that may have been because I’m suspicious by nature.

Mira glared at her brother. “You’re not coming in the fitting room. That’s just...wrong.”

Deciding that I could handle her fine on my own, if that was indeed the reason he meant to keep us apart, I pulled away from Mira’s grasp and leaned into Hudson. “I’ll be fine, H.” I shortened his name partly out of the need for something more familiar to call him and partly to irritate him. “Take care of whatever you need to.”

“H?” he questioned so only I could hear.

I whispered in return. “Go with it, baby.” I meant to only give him a peck, but when my lips brushed his, he pulled them in for a deeper kiss—a kiss that felt much more involved than necessary if it was only for Mira’s sake.

The afternoon went quickly as I tried on nearly every item in the boutique. Mira helped me dress, pairing each outfit with appropriate shoes and accessories. I had always loved trying on new clothes, but I’d never looked or felt as good as I did wearing Mira’s choices. I felt like a model.

At each outfit change, she’d parade me out for Hudson who smiled and nodded in between talking on the phone. Occasionally he’d shake his head in disapproval, usually when an outfit was slightly risqué. And a few times I saw the glint of desire in his eyes—the one that had claimed me on the night I met him. Those outfits were the ones I set aside as my favorites.

When we’d already selected a dress for the fashion show, plus a stack of additional outfits, Mira held up a long black evening gown with a corset bodice. “We’ve saved the best for last,” she said.

Though the idea of wearing a corset around Hudson had me slightly anxious because of my first encounter with him, I’d never seen anything so exquisite as the gown Mira held, and I knew before I’d even put it on that it would be gorgeous.

Mira helped me remove my bra then lifted the dress over my head, pulling it down over my bust. “So Hudson told me you met at some college thingy,” she said as she began to thread the laces.

I swallowed. I’d assumed that Hudson would have told people we met at the club, but this made more sense. It gave the fictional Alayna and Hudson time to fall in love. Still, it threw me off for a moment, and I paused before answering. “Yeah, it was a graduate symposium at Stern.”

Mira tightened another lace. “I have to know, was it love at first sight for you too, or just him?”

So he’d claimed love at first sight. Nice touch. “Definitely for me too.”

I saw Mira smile behind me in the mirror. “It’s all so romantic. How he wanted to hire you and you already had a job, so he bought the club you work at to get closer to you.”

I sucked in a quick breath, shocked at this new addition to the story. “He told you that?”

Mira clasped her hand to her mouth, her eyes wide. “Oh my god, did you not know?”

“No, no, I knew.” I hadn’t known, of course. But what really struck me was the possibility that it could be true. I’d dismissed it when it had occurred to me before. Now, I couldn’t dismiss it so easily.

I also couldn’t think about it right then. Not when Mira still looked frightened that she’d said something she shouldn’t have. I tried to ease her. “It was crazy romantic that he bought the club. I just didn’t think he’d tell anyone.”

What I said worked. Mira’s face relaxed. “It is surprising. He’s usually so private about his emotions. You must bring out something in him.” She stepped away from me. “And this dress will totally bring something out in him or else he’s completely blind. You look incredible!”

She was right—I did look incredible. And when we walked out into the boutique, Hudson did more than merely smile and nod. He hung up his phone and gawked.

“Do you like?” I could already tell the answer from his hungry eyes. That look of his, it never failed to arouse me, never failed to make my panties wet.

He nodded slowly, seemingly speechless, and I marveled that I had brought him to that state. It made me feel more attractive and more powerful than I’d ever felt.

“Wow, Huds is at a loss for words,” Mira said, her hands resting on her pregnant belly. “Call Ripley’s.”

Ignoring his sister, Hudson walked up to me. “I’d take you in my arms,” he murmured, “but I wouldn’t be able to look at you anymore. You’re stunning, Alayna.”

“Thank you,” I whispered. This moment was for us, not Mira. I was beautiful to him and that made him all the more beautiful to me. It also made my nipples stand at attention, an uncomfortable predicament when a corset already had my breasts in a vise grip.

“Okay guys, I’d tell you to get a room, but I’m afraid you’ll use one of the dressing rooms.” Mira threatened to break the moment, but the intensity of it lingered. “I don’t have to ask if you’re buying this one.”

“We’re taking it.” Hudson didn’t take his eyes off me, proving the truth in his statement since he couldn’t stop looking.

A brief image flashed into my mind of him and me going at it right there on the showroom floor. But since we had spectators—and since, by my own decree it was a sex-free day—I looked away. The lapse in eye contact helped give me the strength to pull away as well. “I’ll get changed.”

Mira led the way, stopping at the door of the dressing room to glance at her watch. “Aw, crap, is that really the time? I’m totally late! Go on in. I’ll send Stacy to help you undress.” She hugged me quickly. “And it was so wonderful to finally meet you. I’ll see you tomorrow at the fashion show.”

I huffed at a strand of hair that had fallen over my face and entered the dressing room, not at all eager to encounter Stacy and her dagger eyes alone. While I waited for her, I reached behind my back to see if I could unlace the corset myself, snagging my fingernail on one of the threads. I was examining the nail, trying to smooth out the rough edge when I felt Stacy’s hands undoing the laces. She had so much hatred for me she hadn’t even offered a greeting.

I glanced up from my nail at her in the mirror. But it wasn’t Stacy undoing my corset—it was Hudson.

He met my eyes, pinning my reflection with a greedy stare. Slowly, without breaking his gaze, he continued loosening the laces of my bodice.

I didn’t stop him. He didn’t ask, and I didn’t stop him.

When he’d finished loosening my gown, his hands traveled to the spaghetti straps at my shoulders. I watched as he moved the straps over the curve of my bones and down my arms. The dress fell to the floor, leaving me in nothing but black strappy heels and my red thong.

Hudson’s eyes widened and my sex clenched.

I wanted him. Whatever I told myself about healthy and unhealthy relationships, it didn’t matter. I was already in this with him. If there was a point of attachment that would lead me to obsession, I’d already passed it. And admitting that made me sorry I’d ever tried to be anything different with him.

Hudson’s hands ran around my waist, meeting above my navel. Then while one hand traveled up to fondle my breast, the other moved under the band of my thong. I stepped my legs apart, an invitation for him to find my swollen bud. His lip twitched the slightest bit as he slid his fingers through my slick desire, parting the folds of my sex, and releasing the musky aroma of my lust. In that moment he knew how much I longed for him, embarrassingly wet as I was.

He continued to plump my breast that was suddenly heavy and tender as he flicked his thumb across my raised nipple. The attention he gave to my bosom magnified the action below, his pad returning to tease my clit, and I let out a breathy moan. He stretched his arm over my torso, supporting me as I weakened from pleasure and I closed my eyes to relish in the nearness of climax.

“Alayna, watch.” Hudson’s thick voice at my ear startled my eyes open. “See how beautiful you are when you come.”

My sexual history had not been comprehensive. Dark rooms with half-drunk partners and clumsy fumbling hands. Keeping my eyes open during only ever happened on accident. Mirrors and public places were never on my fantasy list. But I watched his hand moving at my core, his thumb circling my sensitive nub, his finger dipping into my wet center. He was right—it was beautiful. It was beautiful how he stroked me, how he knew what to do to make me feel the way I wanted to feel, how my skin flushed and my back arched. It was beautiful how he held me when I jolted in his arms, my orgasm moving through me in one long eruption.

“Put your palms on the mirror.” His husky command and the anticipation of knowing what he was about to do sparked a new wave of arousal, even more intense than before.

Still shaking, I reached my hands out in front of me, his arms leaving me as soon as I had managed to support myself. Behind me, I heard his zipper, the sound raising my level of excitement, knowing his cock was released and seconds away from being inside of me. The four-inch heels I still wore put me right at his level, and he pushed easily into my moist channel with a groan. “Fuck, Alayna!”

Our eyes met in the mirror, the connection between us frighteningly intense, and a panic rushed through me. He saw it, or sensed it, and he coaxed me through it, telling me he was with me, assuring me he’d take care of me, promising me he felt it too.

I bit my lip to suppress the moans that threatened to escape, aware that only a door stood between us and Stacy—Stacy who likely rehung and folded the discarded outfits I’d tried on earlier as I was gloriously fucked by the man she lusted after. But when I came this time I didn’t hold back my cry, desperate to let Hudson know what he’d done to me.

I was still whimpering when his own orgasm took him, his weight heavy on my back as he leaned into his release.

And if I wondered that the whole act was a display for his sister’s assistant, his whisper in my ear said otherwise. “This, precious. This is for real.”





Chapter Eleven





Hudson let me choose the majority of clothes and shoes he purchased for me. In the end, it was a generous pile. I purposefully didn’t listen to the total cost as Stacy read it off for him, afraid that I’d feel like I had a sugar daddy or, worse, that I was his whore.

We ate a nice dinner in an Italian restaurant in the Village then Hudson drove me to the club. Unusually lucky to find a curbside parking spot on the block, he took advantage and parked, letting the car idle.

“My mother’s charity fashion show starts at one tomorrow. I’ll need to pick you up at twelve-fifteen. I’m sorry you won’t get more sleep. You’re off at three this morning?”

“Yeah. I can handle it.”

“Jordan will be here to pick you up. I’ll make sure he has all your packages and that he helps you up to your apartment.” A sly grin crept onto his face. “Unless you’d rather I picked you up.”

Hudson take me home? Yes, I’d rather, but I needed to keep some boundaries. I’d already let him have me when I explicitly said I wouldn’t. “I’m afraid I’d get even less sleep that way.”

“Right. Probably not a good idea.”

We sat for several seconds, the sexual tension sparking in the silence. Should I kiss him goodbye? Would he kiss me goodbye? Did we have time to sneak into the coatroom for a quickie? I had cleaned up as well as I could in the restroom of the restaurant, but the smell of sex still hung in the air and it had me thinking dirty thoughts. I didn’t want to leave.

“Is everything okay with work?” It was an excuse to linger, but I also was genuinely interested in his series of texts and calls at the store.

“I can handle it,” he said repeating my earlier words.

I’d hoped he’d tell me more, but he hadn’t shared any business with me since I’d known him. There was no reason to believe he would now. I gazed at him for a bit, until it made me feel funny, my stomach flip-flopping as if I were descending on a Ferris wheel. Then I looked out the front window. Liesl strolled down the street, her purple hair making her easy to spot. It gave me an idea. Another excuse, actually. This time to get the physical contact I longed for.

“Since the ruse is on, we’d better make it official.” I gestured toward Liesl, and Hudson nodded in understanding.

“Excellent idea.” He paused, waiting for Liesl to get a little closer, ensuring she got a good show. Then he got out of the car and crossed to my door, opening it to let me out. He brushed his thumb down my cheek. “Ready?”

I was never ready, but I tilted my chin up so my mouth could meet his. Our lips joined, our tongues flitting around each other. My knees buckled, but his hands were around my back, supporting me. I gripped his shirt, wanting desperately to tangle my fingers in his hair, knowing that would only fuel my lust. Seriously, it had only been a couple of hours since our adventure in the dressing room, and yet it felt like I hadn’t gotten any in months.

He pulled away and stole a glance at Liesl. “She saw,” he said softly.

“Oh.” I’d already forgotten our PDA had been meant for her. “Good.” I swallowed. “Thank you,” I whispered, still breathless. “For today.” For buying me pretty clothes, for ignoring my request to keep the day sex-free, for taking the air out of my lungs with a kiss on Columbus Circle.

“Tomorrow, Alayna.”

I managed to pull myself away from him, only looking back once as he got in the car. Liesl folded her arms across her chest, leaning against the door, holding it open for me. “Time for details,” she said as I passed her.

And I delivered, telling her all about Hudson and Alayna, the happy couple, interweaving truth with fiction. I told her we’d met at Stern and that he’d bought the club to be near me, but not to tell that to David. I told her we spent all our free time together, that we couldn’t keep our hands off each other, that we were madly in love.

The lies came easily and they felt good. They felt believable. Not because I knew Liesl believed them, which she did, but because I almost could too.





It was nearly four when Jordan and I had finished unloading all my packages into my apartment, but I wasn’t tired yet. For a moment I had a pang of regret, wishing I’d let Hudson take me home instead. Thoughts of him had clung to me all night—I couldn’t count the number of times I’d started and deleted a text to him—and my sex felt swollen and aching with want of him.

I’d been strong in the car, recognizing the unhealthiness of filling all my time with the man. Now, alone and needy, I weakened. Instead of heading straight to bed, as I should have done, I turned on my computer and allowed myself to do the one thing I’d tried so hard not to do: I cyber-stalked.

I told myself I needed to find information about Hudson so I’d be prepared. What if his mother made a comment about his college background? I’d want to know he studied at Harvard. Or what if someone asked me about my thoughts on Hudson’s philanthropic investments? It benefited me to know he was a major benefactor of the Lincoln Center and that he funded a private scholarship at Julliard.

And his exes. I needed to know about them, too. Though, I didn’t find much in that department. Mostly pictures of Hudson with a variety of women. I gasped when I recognized one of the women as Stacy from Mirabelle’s shop. She’d been on at least one date with Hudson. No wonder she had animosity toward me.

Not one face repeated except for Celia Werner’s, the thin, pretty blonde his family wanted him to marry. They never actually appeared “together” together, but she did have a look of adoration in her eyes that caused me to doubt that she would be completely unhappy with an arranged marriage with him. But, then again, I couldn’t believe anyone would be unhappy with Hudson.

I found out a great deal about my supposed boyfriend in those hours, but, truthfully, my Internet search had little to do with being prepared for Hudson’s family and friends. I searched because I felt compelled to understand the man who affected me so completely. I read article after article because I wanted to know the silly little trivia that only a true fan or intimate friend knew. I sat behind my computer until my eyes were blurry, soaking up every bit of Hudson Pierce enlightenment I could find, because I couldn’t not do it.

If I was obsessing, I didn’t care. Hudson drew me to him with magnetic force. And while I knew that my behavior could only be allowed as a one-time lapse, I relished the high of fixating on the man who had already clearly stated he would never be mine.





I fiddled with the beads on the bodice of my purplish gray Valentino dress as the limousine pulled up to the Manhattan Center at a quarter to one the next day. I was nervous, yes, but also, I felt confined in the corset I wore underneath my dress as a surprise for Hudson—the one he’d chastised me for wearing in public.

“Stop fidgeting,” he said. “You’re beautiful.”

I took a deep breath as Jordan opened the limo door. Hudson was closest to the curb, and began to step out when I stopped him. “Wait.”

He raised a cautious brow. “Another request for a sex-free afternoon?”

I blushed. “No. I’ve given up on that.”

He smirked, not at all bothering to hide his pleasure in my declaration.

“Anyway…” I peeked up at him under my heavily mascaraed lashes. “I just wanted to say…you look hot.” And whoa, did he. The charity fashion show called for semi-formal attire, and Hudson rocked the look wearing a fitted John Varvatos gray suit with a muted purple dress shirt that coordinated perfectly with my outfit. He’d decided to go sans tie, leaving the top buttons undone, exposing only enough skin to drive me crazy. “Really hot.”

He eyed me for a moment then shook his head before stepping out of the car. He reached back to help me out, his face still plagued with a curious expression.

“What?” I asked, wondering if I’d said something wrong.

“Alayna,” he sighed. “There’s so many things I want to do to you right now. But we’re on-duty, and so I’ll have to settle for this.” He pulled me in for a kiss that, while not chaste, felt restrained, lacking the usual passion he poured into his kisses. This kiss was for the onlookers, the handful of photographers that surrounded the doors of the Hammerstein Ballroom.

When he broke our embrace, he took my hand, his fingers lightly crossing the rubber band I wore at my wrist. “What’s this?” he asked as he led me inside the double doors of the venue.

“It’s to remind me to buy coffee,” I lied. Actually, I’d worn it to remind me to not think about him. I’d learned the technique in counseling. Whenever an unwelcome or unhealthy thought entered my head I was supposed to snap it and the sting would help curb the behavior.

Yeah, right. Like the snap of an elastic band could stop the thoughts that Hudson elicited—thoughts of us together, naked, all night long. And those weren’t even the thoughts that worried me. Fantasies that we could be together beyond our little sham, beyond the bedroom—those were the ones that worried me, and I hadn’t had them. Yet. But after my Internet adventure earlier that morning, I felt the need for a safety net. The elastic band was all I could come up with.

“You must really need to buy coffee.”

“You haven’t seen me go….” My words trailed off when I recognized more than a few of the people chatting in the lobby as celebrities. I don’t know why it surprised me. The Pierce Annual Autism Awareness Fashion Show was a huge event and always drew the rich and famous. Really, I hadn’t thought about it.

Hudson grinned at my stunned expression as he guided me past the ushers—the ushers who didn’t even ask him for a ticket like the couple next to us who, I’m pretty sure, were the mayor and his wife. Um, yeah, Hudson was a lot cooler than I had comprehended.

We passed the bar and walked into the main doors of the ballroom. “If you’d like a drink, you can get something inside. My mother will be anxious to meet you.” We stopped near the doorway, Hudson scanning the room.

I took in our surroundings. The place was extravagant—an old century opera house that had been infused with modern technology. The central focus was the runway, which extended from a low stage. A complex lighting system that seemed more appropriate for a rock concert than a fashion show hung above. Chairs lined the runway on both sides, and, beyond that, white clothed tables circled the room. Three levels of ornate balconies climbed the walls to the seventy-plus foot ceilings.

“Hudson! Laynie!” I turned to the sound of the familiar voice and saw Mira moving toward us as quickly as her round belly would allow. “Wow, you look incredible!” she said to me. “This dress looks so great paired with those shoes. And Huds matches you! How sweet!”

Hudson’s arm tightened at my waist, the only indication he gave that his sister annoyed him. “You aren’t the only one in the family who has fashion sense, Mirabelle.”

“Of course not. Chandler’s also very savvy. You, though, are generally too stiff to be considered anything at all creative.”

“Ouch.” But he grinned. Hudson was nothing if not proud of who he was.

Mira smiled, too. Then, her face tensed abruptly. “Excuse me, I know this is totally rude, but…” She pulled her brother’s ear down to her mouth to whisper something I couldn’t hear.

Hudson’s jaw stiffened. He straightened, pulling away from Mira. “She knows about Alayna.”

Mira nodded her head toward me. “Does she know about…?” She trailed off.

“She does.” His words relaxed Mira, if only slightly.

I wanted to remain unaffected, but I knew my puzzlement read all over my face. They were talking about me and someone else, and I apparently knew about something or someone, which, of course, I doubted because Hudson never told me anything about anyone. My curiosity won out. “What?”

Mira looked to Hudson as if asking permission to fill me in. He remained expressionless. She took that as a go ahead. “Celia’s here.” Her mouth twitched. “I didn’t know if that would be a problem.”

Celia Werner. He’d said I knew about her, but I really didn’t. I knew his family wanted them to marry. I knew her family owned majority stocks in television and media. I knew she was pretty. Very pretty. And she adored the man who currently rubbed his thumb back and forth across the back of my hand. The man who did not currently adore her. Or me, for that matter.

If my hand had been free, I would have snapped the elastic band. That had not been a healthy thought.

I swallowed then put on a cheerful smile. “No, Celia’s no problem. Right, H?”

He grimaced at the nickname. “None at all.”

“Where is she?” If the bitch was on the premises, I figured I’d better face her head on.

“There.” Mira pointed discreetly.

I followed her gesture. There she was, the woman from the pictures, wearing a red, one-shoulder crinkle dress that accentuated her model thin figure.

“You look better than her,” Mira said. I didn’t, but I appreciated the comment. I didn’t look better than her at all.

Snap. Another unhealthy thought.

“Mirabelle, must you be so catty?” Hudson squeezed my hand. “Anyway, Alayna looks better than most people.”

I kissed him. Not only because it seemed a good time for a girlfriend to reward her boyfriend for a compliment, but because I wanted to. I wanted to remind myself that no matter what Hudson and I did or didn’t have together, I was the one kissing him—I was the one convincing people that he shouldn’t be with her.

He kissed me back in that reserved way of his that I had learned was for the public, his tongue sliding barely inside my lips.

“Oh, hell, no. Huds making out is not something I want to see,” an unfamiliar voice interrupted our embrace. Hudson stepped aside revealing a blonde haired, blue eyed teenage boy wearing a suit jacket over a t-shirt and jeans. “But, wow.” The boy scanned me up and down with a lusty stare. “Anytime you feel like moving up the social ladder, you can lay those lips on me.”

“Chandler,” Mira scolded. “Be polite.”

Chandler. The youngest Pierce sibling. I’d read some gossip blogs that speculated the reason for the large gap between Mira and Chandler was because the three children didn’t share the same father. Indeed, staring at Chandler now, I saw very little resemblance to his older siblings.

“Alayna’s nine years your senior,” Hudson said, a stern look on his face.

“I’ll be eighteen next month.” Chandler’s eyes remained pinned on me.

I’d never told Hudson I was twenty-six. I shouldn’t have been shocked that he knew—the man who had uncovered my restraining order had obviously done his research on me, too. Well, we were on equal ground now. As if there was equal ground with Hudson.

Hudson facilitated a half-hearted introduction. “Alayna, this is our brother, Chandler.” Hudson smacked his brother on the shoulder in a gesture that almost appeared playful. “Chandler, stop undressing Alayna with your eyes. That’s inappropriate.”

Chandler crossed his arms with a look of challenge and superiority that could only be delivered by a teenager. “Because we’re in public or because she came with you?”

“Because that’s not how you treat women.” Hudson’s tone was clipped but even.

“And you’re who’s going to teach me how to treat women?” He stared at his elder brother, an unspoken conversation passing between them in those few seconds. And then Chandler dropped it. “Mom sent me to summon you. She wants to meet your arm candy.” He turned on his heels, peeking once nonchalantly to see if we were following him.

Mira followed, grabbing him at the elbow to whisper in his ear. Correcting his impudence, I suspected.

Hudson sighed. “Ignore him. He’s a horny teenager.”

“He takes after his horny older brother,” I whispered.

“Behave.” He took my hand in his. I shuddered at his commanding tone and the feel of his skin against mine.

We followed the younger Pierce siblings across the ballroom, weaving around tables and the increasing crowd of people until we approached one of the tables closest to the stage.

“This is our table,” Chandler said. He gestured with his chin to a group of people talking a few feet away. “Mom’s over there.”

I stared at the back of the woman I knew to be Sophia Walden Pierce from Internet pictures. Her dark blonde hair was swept up in a tight bun showing off her long graceful neck. Even from behind, it was evident that Hudson’s mother was a beautiful, commanding woman.

As if she sensed our presence, she peered over her shoulder at us, offering a smile to her acquaintances as she did so.

A wave of unexplainable nervous energy rolled through me. What if she didn’t buy our act? What if I screwed it all up?

Hudson must have sensed my anxiety because he tightened his grip on my hand and leaned in to whisper, “You’re going to be great. I have no doubt.” He kissed my hair.

His distraction worked. I was no longer worrying about impressing his mother, focused now on wondering whether his tender kiss had been for me or for anyone who might be watching us.

And why did it even matter? We weren’t a couple, this was pretend. Tender kisses were romantic and we were not involved romantically. Sexually, yes. Romantically, no. I visualized another snap of the elastic band. Obviously I hadn’t counted on holding Hudson’s hand all day when I’d put the dang thing around my wrist.

By the time I’d thoroughly reminded myself that everything Hudson did was pretend, Sophia had wrapped up her conversation and approached us. As I had suspected, she was quite beautiful. Her body was lean and trim, and her complexion perfect. She’d had Botox, her forehead smooth and unexpressive. Or else she wasn’t an expressive person, which was highly possible considering she was related to Mr. Show-No-Real-Emotion at my side.

“Hudson.” The slight nod of her head matched the stiffness of her greeting.

Hudson responded in kind. “Mother.” Her eyes flickered to me briefly. “I’d like you to meet Alayna Withers. Alayna, this is my mother, Sophia Pierce.”

“Glad to meet you, uh…” I suddenly didn’t know what to call her—Sophia? Mrs. Pierce? If I had inflected my voice differently, I could have ended at “Glad to meet you” but I’d left the sentence hanging and I had to finish. I settled on the safe bet. “Mrs. Pierce.” I let go of Hudson’s hand and thrust mine out to shake hers, hoping my palm wasn’t noticeably sweaty.

My worry was unfounded. Sophia Pierce made no effort to take my hand. Instead she scrutinized me with narrowed eyes, circling around me like a hawk. “She’s pretty enough.”

I lowered my hand to my side and made a conscious effort to close my jaw.

Before I could decide if I was supposed to say thank you, she’d moved on. “Where did you find her again?”

I was flabbergasted. She spoke about me like I wasn’t there—like I was a puppy Hudson had found on the side of the road.

Mira tried to save me. “Mom—”

Sophia waved her away, and I caught Mira’s unspoken apology in her eyes.

I looked to Hudson, but his gaze was locked on his mother’s. “I told you. We met at a function at Stern.”

Sophia chortled. “What the hell were you doing at NYU? Slumming?”

I flushed with anger, my hands balled into fists at my side.

Hudson stiffened as well. “Mother, don’t be a bitch.”

Chandler smirked openly at his brother’s choice of words.

Sophia, on the other hand, made no indication that she even heard. “Tell me, Alayna—were you first attracted to my son because of his money or his name?”

Pissed didn’t even begin to describe how I felt. I was seething, but still in control. Without skipping a beat, I wrapped my arm around Hudson’s and answered. “Neither. I was attracted to him because he’s hot. Though, I stayed with him because he’s fucking awesome in bed.”

Sophia’s mouth fell open. I had a feeling she was a woman that was rarely thrown off guard and seeing her taken aback gave me a thrill.

Hudson raised a brow, but he didn’t appear displeased. In fact, the gleam in his eyes seemed amused. It empowered me to continue. “Look, Sophia Pierce. I may not have graduated from Harvard like your son and your husband—” Admittedly, I paused to note Hudson’s reaction to the fact that I knew details about his family even though he hadn’t told me a single thing. Again, I saw the gleam. “But I’m proud of my NYU degree. And I didn’t come here today to have my education insulted by a woman who dropped out of law school.”

Sophia took a threatening step toward me. I was taller than her by a couple of inches in my heels, but she carried her stature with authority. “Why did you come here today?”

It occurred to me that as bitchy as Sophia Pierce was being to me, she wasn’t my mother. And though my parents were dead, they had been kind and loving and would never have treated anyone—let alone someone I supposedly cared about—with the judgmental malice that Hudson’s mother had imparted on me.

And now I understood why Hudson didn’t have any qualms about lying to his mother about a relationship. If I had to deal with her, I’d do anything to get her out of my life.

So instead of backing away, I straightened, my arm still wrapped around the man at my side. “I came here because Hudson wanted me to meet his mother. He seems to care about your opinion, for some reason. And since I care about him—a great deal, I might add—I agreed to come.”

Hudson wrapped his arm around my waist, drawing me in closer. I felt his grin as he kissed my temple.

Sophia’s lip raised into a slight smile.

“Oh,” Mira gasped. Chandler appeared to be equally shocked.

As before, Sophia ignored the reactions of her family. “We’re going to our Hampton house later this week. I expect you and Hudson will join us.”

I opened my mouth to say, thanks, but no thanks. Okay, maybe I really meant to say, fuck off, bitch.

But Hudson spoke before I could. “We can manage a long weekend.”

Sophia appeared to want to interject, which was nothing compared to what I wanted to do.

“That’s all I can promise, Mother. Some of us work for a living.”

She sighed. “Fine. Now I have important people I need to speak with. Excuse me, please.” She waved her hand in greeting. “Richard! Annette!”

I watched her saunter away, amazed by her suddenly pleasant and friendly tone of voice. I guessed pretending ran in the family. When I turned my attention back on the Pierce offspring, I saw they were all looking at me. “What?”

Mira and Chandler exchanged a glance and then burst out laughing.

I furrowed my brow, still confused.

Hudson pulled me into his arms, a grin playing on his lips. “Alayna. You’re amazing.”

I started to melt into him, but remembered he’d told his mother we’d join her in the Hamptons. I punched him lightly on the shoulder. “I’m working this weekend.”

“Get out of it.” It wasn’t a request, it was a command.

I couldn’t tell him that “getting out of work” was impossible, because, well, he owned the place. It would be awkward though. I had a meeting scheduled with David for the next day—hopefully to officially give me a promotion. What was I supposed to say? Thanks for the raise, now I need Friday and Saturday off? I’d have to tell him I was seeing Hudson, though the thought made me cringe.

Beyond that, I didn’t want to go to the Hamptons with Sophia Pierce. I pulled back from Hudson’s embrace. “H, I’m sorry to say this since she’s your mother and all, but I can’t handle spending time with her. She’s not nice.”

He laughed. Then he locked eyes with mine, sweeping his thumb down my cheek so softly it made me shudder. “We won’t spend every minute with her. And, anyway, you seemed to handle her just fine.”

I couldn’t help it. His boyish grin and gray eyes had a power over me. And, he’d said we wouldn’t spend every minute with Sophia, sending my imagination into overdrive with images of what we’d be doing instead. My nipples tightened at the thought. How could I resist him? “Okay, but I can’t be responsible for my actions if she’s like that again.”

He leaned in to kiss me, whispering as he did. “That’s what I’m counting on.”





Chapter Twelve





Lunch passed quickly. Sophia was too busy greeting high-paying donors and socializing to eat with us, thank god. Adam, Mira’s husband, joined us after our salads had been served. He was a surgeon and had an emergency case that morning. He looked good with her despite their differences in height—Adam tall and lanky, Mira petite and small. For half a second I tried to picture them having sex before I realized that once I thought it, I wouldn’t be able to unthink it.

Though nothing eventful happened during the course of the meal, I enjoyed myself. I watched the friendly banter between the siblings, joining in the laughter when one had a particular good burn on another. The conversation directed toward me was easy and unencumbered. I often feared it wouldn’t be with new people who wanted to know all about me and my family. When something got too private, I noticed that Hudson deflected for me. Was it because he knew the sadness of my past? Or was he politely keeping my job light and carefree? Either way, the luncheon was more intimate than anything I had experienced in a long time.

When I sent a casual look toward him midway through the meal, his smile made my chest tighten. It may have been for show, but my reaction was genuine. I realized that no amount of elastic band snapping would stop whatever I was beginning to feel for him.

After dessert and coffee, the ballroom became a bustle again with people visiting with other tables and more guests arriving who’d only purchased tickets to the fashion show. Chandler found a group of younger girls to hit on, and Mira roped Adam into assisting with her backstage where she was managing the models and designers.

Though I’d liked getting to know Mira and Adam, and while Chandler never failed to entertain, I was glad to have a minute alone with my date. I trailed my hand across his shoulders and down his back, drawing his gaze to me. I saw longing blazing in his eyes. He grabbed my thigh and leaned in, but the anticipated kiss never came.

“Oh, you don’t need to be all PDA on my account,” a silky voice purred behind us. “Remember, I know.”

Hudson stiffened under my hand and my eyes followed his, landing on the leggy blonde taking a seat next to me. She was intimidating, not because of her attitude, but because she was drop-dead gorgeous. I tucked my hands into my lap, though Hudson’s hand remained secure on my leg under the table.

“I’m Celia.” She smiled, showing white perfect teeth. “I thought we should probably meet. Though, it doesn’t look like Hudson’s too keen on it.”

I glanced at Hudson who indeed appeared uncomfortable.

“No, you’re right. You should meet,” he said, his hand stroking my thigh. I felt purpose behind his touching me, but wasn’t sure if he meant it to claim me, calm me, or calm himself. “Now you’ve met.”

“You aren’t getting rid of me that easily, you oaf.” She smirked at Hudson then delivered another smile to me. “Believe it or not, we’re actually friends.”

I believed it. She felt comfortable around him, and he didn’t even flinch when she’d called him an oaf. It made my stomach wrench unexplainably. Then, when I wondered if they’d had sex, a sharp stabbing began in my chest. I didn’t need to flick the elastic band, already associating the thought with pain, but I did anyway since my hands were finally free under the table to do so.

Hudson sighed. “What do you want, Ceeley?”

Someone Hudson actually called by a nickname? The stabbing deepened.

“I wanted to personally thank Alayna for this whole charade.”

So, she really did know. Which really put me at a disadvantage since I knew almost nothing about her.

Celia leaned into me as if confiding a secret, but loud enough that Hudson could still hear her. “You can’t know how dreadful the idea of marrying that pain in the ass has been.” A teasing grin appeared on her lips.

“Um, I can imagine.” The stabby pains in my chest made me want to stab Hudson, too. “He’s not the settling down type.”

Hudson removed his hand from my leg, and I instantly regretted my words, even though they hadn’t been that mean, had they?

Celia giggled. “Wow. You already know him so well.” She giggled again.

Ugh, she was a giggler. I wanted to puke. Or hate her. But something about her also drew me in. “It’s nice to talk to someone else who knows.”

“But isn’t Hudson amazingly good at pretending?” She narrowed her eyes at him, and I caught the daggers he shot her in return.

“He is.” I thought about our time together, the touches, the kisses in public. Some of them had been confusing, and I had blamed that on my own tendencies to create more when there wasn’t more. But maybe it hadn’t been my overactive imagination. “Quite good.”

“I’d love to continue this wonderfully entertaining conversation, but I see someone I need to talk some business with.” Hudson stood and reached his hand out for me. “Alayna?”

I had the strange feeling he didn’t want to leave me alone with his almost-but-not-really-fiancé. The last time I’d felt that way, I’d received rather interesting tidbits of info from his little sis. “Go ahead, H. I’ll hang with Celia.”

“We’ll be fine,” Celia assured him. “And we’ll end our conversation with a pretend catfight if you want to up the charade.”

Hudson’s jaw tightened. “No catfight. In my script, you’re friendly toward each other.”

“Then she and I should sit and chat, since we’re supposed to be friends.” Celia winked at me. “Right, Alayna?”

“Right.” I winked back. I couldn’t help it. She was sort of adorable. “And since we’re friends, you should call me Laynie.”

“Friendly, not friends.” He took a deep breath, but his voice was still tight when he spoke again. “Fine. I’ll be back shortly.”

I watched him stroll off, the tight muscles of his butt hidden by his jacket, but his backside attractive all the same. Suddenly, I remembered I had a witness to my ogling, and I turned my attention back to Celia only to find she was ogling as well. Plus she had the adoration look that I’d spotted in the pics of her with him.

“You like him,” I said before I could help it. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know.

She shrugged then cocked a brow. “Seriously? I’m probably your one opportunity to get any real information about Hudson and his life and that’s what you want to know?”

I laughed. “You’re right, I’d like some info.” The list of questions I could attack Celia with was so long I didn’t know where to begin. Since I wasn’t sure how much time we had, I needed to make it good. “Okay, Mira seemed to think I should be jealous of you. Should I be? I mean, should I be pretending I am?”

Celia pursed her perfectly plump lips. “Well, isn’t that a clever way to ask the same question? No. Hudson and I have never been anything but friends. If he were a boyfriend who spilled his guts to his girlfriend, he’d tell you that I liked him, but that he’s never felt anything for me but friendship. So unless you’re the shallow type who’s jealous of all girls her guy’s friends with, then don’t play jealous.”

I was a bit shallow like that, and definitely the jealous type when in the throes of obsession. But I was playing a part, so why not make my character void of my own imperfections? “No jealousy then. What about his family? Is he close to them or is he as withdrawn with them as with everyone? I can’t quite tell.”

“He loves them all, deeply. As deeply as Hudson can love anyone, I mean. But it takes quite a lot of perception to get that.” She leaned back in her chair and eyed me. “I think someone he was in love with would know that.”

I nodded, taking it in. Then I dove into the question that had plagued me since I’d first heard about his predicament. “Why doesn’t Hudson’s mother believe that he’d be in love? Other than that she’s a cold-hearted bitch herself.” This elicited a grin from Celia. “Has he never dated anyone before?”

“Sort of. I mean, he’s dated women. Not women he ever brought to meet his mother, but, yeah he dated.”

The stabbing pain returned. Simultaneously, I noted a flash of agony darken Celia’s bright face. It occurred to me that this conversation must be even more difficult for her, considering she actually had feelings for the guy and I had…well, not feelings, but something.

“You know, date is not the right word. He’d sleep with them. And then he’d mess with them. It got him in all sorts of trouble. More than once.”

I stilled. “What do you mean messed with them?”

“I shouldn’t tell you. He doesn’t want you to know. But I really think you should. Otherwise you might be caught off guard if Sophia says something.”

My voice was a whisper. “How did he mess with them?”

She sighed. “It’s hard to explain. Like, he’d say he only wanted to be friends or friends with benefits, but then he’d manipulate them in that way of his, you know, how he always gets what he wants?”

Boy, did I. I could only manage to nod.

“He’d manipulate these women into falling in love with him. Which isn’t really hard, I mean, he is Hudson. But he’d really play them. Lead them on, get them really hooked on him. It was like a game for him—one of the crappy things spoiled rich kids do just because they can.” She paused. “I can say that because I love Hudson dearly. Also, I’m a spoiled rich kid, too.”

The world felt like it had fallen out from underneath me. Was that what Hudson was doing with me? My throat felt tight. “Does he, um, still do that?”

“I honestly don’t know. He’s had a ton of therapy so I’d like to say he’s ‘better’ now, but who knows? Of course, because of it, his mother got the idea that if he married someone like me, I could keep him in line. And my parents want me married to the Pierce name and bank account—they’re disgustingly greedy. But I could never deal with those head trips—even though I am very fond of him. And I’d love to get in that beautiful man’s pants. Can you imagine how gorgeous our children would be? Sigh.”

She said the word sigh instead of actually sighing. That was what I clung to from her monologue because I didn’t want to think about the rest. Therapy helped people—it did, I couldn’t deny it—but I had doubts that it had fixed me. And knowing what I knew about patterns of past behavior, I recognized that Hudson should not be having just sex with anyone if he were seriously “better.”

Exactly like I shouldn’t be in an emotionless relationship if I were “better” since a lack of affection from a person I desired was one of my triggers.

I put a hand on my knees under the table to stop their knocking. I had to get out of there.

Celia continued, unaware of my torment. “But this plan of Hudson’s is brilliant. As soon as Sophia relaxes enough to believe he’s fallen for you, she’s going to be ecstatic. She wants him to be normal. She wants him to be happy and in love. I want him to be happy and in love. Too bad it’s not real.”

Yeah, too bad.

She frowned, concern etched in her brow. “Are you okay? You seem really pale.”

No, I wasn’t fucking okay! I’d just been informed that the man I shouldn’t have been fucking in the first place was probably trying to fuck with my head as well as my body. “I’m not feeling well all of a sudden.” Not a lie. I seriously thought I might throw up. “Excuse me, I have to…” I couldn’t think of any excuse to leave. I only knew I had to…“Go.”

I snaked quickly through the crowd toward the doors, pushing my way into the packed lobby. The show was starting in fifteen minutes and I was going against traffic. I ducked and headed for a different door when I saw Sophia by the bar, hoping she didn’t see me. Not because I cared anymore about Hudson’s stupid scam but because I didn’t want to deal with her.

Focusing on avoiding Sophia, however, made me completely miss that I was walking right past Hudson.

“Where are you going?” He reached a gentle arm out to stop me, and familiar tingles shot straight to my womb.

Accompanying the tingles, my stomach churned in disgust. I threw his arm off mine. “Don’t touch me!”

Hudson’s brow knit in confusion. “Whoa.” He put his hands out in front of him, showing he wouldn’t touch me but blocking my route of escape. “What’s wrong with you?”

I scanned the lobby for a way to sneak past. “What’s wrong with you would be the more appropriate question.”

“Alayna.” He stepped toward me, his voice low and stern. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but you’re making a scene. You need to calm down and save whatever this is for later.”

He moved to grip my elbow, but I pulled away before he could. “There isn’t going to be a later—I quit.” I darted past him and out the main doors to the sidewalk.

“Alayna!” He followed me.

Anger surged through me, tears forming in my eyes. I was vulnerable and floundering and he had taken advantage. I turned on him, hot tears streaking my cheeks. “Tell me, Hudson, did you pick me because you thought my obsession issues would make your game more fun? Because really, where’s the challenge in that?”

Hudson’s jaw tightened, realization setting in. “Fuck Celia and her big mouth.” He took a step toward me, his hand reaching for me. I stepped away. He softened, but his glare was insistent. “Let’s talk about this in the limo.”

“I don’t want—“

He cut me off. “Alayna. It’s not fair of you to listen to a stranger tell her story and not give me a chance to explain.” His eye twitched, but, other than that, his features and composure were controlled. “I’m telling you we will talk about this in the limo which is parked in the lot next door. First, because my mother is watching, I’m going to bend down and kiss your forehead. Then I’m going to walk over and tell her that you aren’t feeling well. I will meet you in the car.”

I peeked over his shoulder and saw Sophia inside the doors, a smug grin on her face. I’d already told him I was quitting. I’d get a job at whatever loser place Brian wanted me to work at, because I obviously couldn’t work anywhere that Hudson Pierce would be. But I knew he wouldn’t let me walk away unless I agreed to his plan. Then, when I got to the limo, I’d tell Jordan to take off before Hudson joined us.

I gave him a tight nod. He approached cautiously and kissed me softly on the forehead. I crossed my arms over my chest to hide my nipples that had pebbled traitorously.

“The limo, Alayna. I’ll meet you there.”

I wiped the tears roughly from my face as I walked toward the lot he’d pointed to, picking up my pace as soon as I was out of his view. There were several limos parked, but I spotted Jordan leaning against the hood, playing with his phone. When he saw me walking toward him he opened the door without a word.

“Take me home, please, Jordan,” I choked as I slipped in.

Jordan shut the door and I heard him get into the driver’s seat. He hadn’t said anything, hadn’t agreed or disagreed to my direction, and, for a moment, I feared he’d only take his orders from Hudson.

Relief swept over me when the car started...

…and then immediately left when he pulled up next to the ballroom and Hudson climbed in, the doors automatically locking after he’d closed the door.

Shit! Hudson had probably texted Jordan that I was coming out, to pick him up after, and to not take me anywhere without him. Unreasonably, I felt betrayed by my driver.

As the car pulled into traffic, I pressed into the opposite corner, as far away as I could from the man sharing the car with me.

Hudson pressed a button and spoke. “Jordan, drive around until I say otherwise. Or find someplace to park for a while.”

Normally I’d blush, afraid of what Jordan would think we were doing in the backseat. But I was too pissed and hurt to care.

We sat a few minutes, not speaking. I couldn’t imagine that the always-in-control Hudson Pierce was at a loss for words, so I assumed his silence was meant to calm me down. Or unnerve me. Some sort of expert manipulative tactic.

It didn’t calm me. Instead, the silence gave me time to review every moment of the past few days, allowing me to recognize his domineering hand in all of his actions. It gave me fuel to hate him for his control over me. And myself for falling in with the prick in the first place.

Finally he spoke, quietly. “What exactly did Celia tell you?”

I couldn’t remain silent. “Oh, just how you fuck with vulnerable women’s emotions. Is it true?”

“Alayna—“ He moved across the seat, placing his hand on my knee.

“Don’t touch me!” He removed his hand. “And stop saying my name. Is it true?”

“Will you calm down so I can explain?”

His soft tone felt patronizing, emboldening my fury. I needed him to admit it. I had to hear him say it. “Is. It. True?”

His answer came in a burst. “Yes, it’s true!” He took a deep breath, regaining his control. “In the past, it was true.”

I froze, my eyes riveted on him. I hadn’t expected a confession. Hadn’t expected him to tell me anything—he never did—and I feared if I moved he’d stop talking. So I remained still.

He took his time, not looking at me as he made his admission. “I did...things...that I’m not proud of. I manipulated people. I hurt them and often it was deliberate.” He turned to me, piercing me with his intense gray eyes and the grit in his voice. “But not now. I don’t do that now. Not with you.”

His delivery affected me, but I bit past the emotion, knowing I had proof that betrayed his words. “Really? Because it seems completely obvious that you did exactly that with me. The way you picked me out at the symposium and you tracked me down and gave me a spa vacation and Jesus, you bought the club!”

He shook his head. “It’s not like that. I explained the gift and I was looking at the club anyway. When I found out you worked there, yes, it helped me make my decision—”

I cut him off. “And you ‘hired’ me and seduced me. And when I told you I needed to not have sex with you, you somehow got me to do exactly that. You are manipulative. You’re a bully, Hudson.” I wrapped my arms around myself, hoping to stop the new onslaught of tears that threatened.

“No, Alayna. I didn’t want that with you.” The anguish in his tone set my tears into motion. He leaned forward and I sensed he wanted to touch me. Instead, he put his hand on the seat next to me, putting himself as close to me as I’d let him. “I don’t want to be like that with you.”

I swiped at the tears, unable to keep up with their pace. “Then what do you want to be with me, Hudson?”

“Honestly? I’m not sure.” He sat back against the seat. His expression confused, torn.

Suddenly, he looked much younger than I’d ever seen him. He no longer seemed the confident, commanding alpha male that I knew him to be, but like a group member in one of my therapy sessions, exposed and accessible.

He let out a brief laugh, as if he recognized his own vulnerability and it amused him or confounded him. “I’m drawn to you, Alayna. Not because I want to hurt you or make you feel a certain way, but because you’re beautiful and sexy and smart and, yes, a little crazy, maybe, but you’re not broken. And that makes me hopeful. For me.”

I let out a shaky breath. God help me, I wanted to reach out to him. I wanted to comfort him, knowing his words about me said more about himself than any he’d ever spoken.

I didn’t move, though, still not willing to break the moment. Even my tears had stilled, as if they’d interrupt.

“And maybe I’ve been a bully. But I’m a dominant person. I can try to change things about me, but the fundamentals of my personality are never going away.” His voice lowered further. “You of all people should be able to understand that.”

He had me earlier. Probably back when he’d insisted he didn’t want to be whatever with me, but for sure when he’d inferred he was broken, and that I was not. And if none of that had reached me, his last statement would have. I did understand him. More than I had ever thought possible. What it felt like to be a certain way and to loathe myself for it. How difficult it was to change and learn to accept the parts of me that were fundamentally never going to change. And what it did to me to believe I was incapable of falling in love the way normal people do.

I knew what it felt like to be that person.

“I’m sorry.” It came out as a choked whisper so I repeated it. “I’m sorry. You didn’t judge me and I judged you.”

He nodded once and I knew that was his way of accepting my apology.

“And I exaggerated when I called you a bully. I haven’t done anything I didn’t want to. And your whole confident, domineering thing is actually kinda hot.”

He almost smiled, but squeezed his eyes shut as if trying to reign in his emotions. When he opened them again, they were pleading. “Alayna, don’t quit. Don’t quit me.”

I looked away, knowing how easy it would be to give in if I kept staring into those gray eyes. “Hudson, I have to. Not because of this, well, not only because of this, but because of my past. I’m not well enough to be with someone who has his own issues.”

Truthfully, I didn’t know if I was well enough to be with anyone.

“You are, Alayna. You only tell that to yourself because you’re scared.”

That drew me to face him. “I should be scared. It’s not safe. For either of us. You should be scared, too.”

He let out a heavy breath. When he spoke again, he was resigned, as if he didn’t expect his words to make a difference yet he spoke them anyway. “I don’t believe that. I think spending time with another person who has similar compulsive tendencies can provide insight and healing.”

I leaned my head back against the seat and stared at the car’s ceiling. I wanted to believe like he did—that we could make each other better. But I couldn’t. All I’d witnessed and experienced in my life around addicts told me otherwise. Besides, if he’d wanted me around him to confide in and give some understanding, he should have told me his secrets from the beginning. And he hadn’t.

As much as it pained me, I had to break things off. I had to do the right thing once and for all.

But there were my own financial woes. As irrelevant as money might have seemed at the moment, being able to keep my job at the club had an enormous impact on my own mental well-being. “I won’t quit.” I turned to face him. “But I can’t have a relationship with you, Hudson.” My throat felt tight, but I kept on. “All I can give you is the fake. I have to protect myself here.” I should have ended all of it, but I didn’t have the strength for that. This had to enough.

Hudson’s shoulders lowered slightly. “I understand.” He nodded as if to reaffirm that he understood, making me suspect that he didn’t understand at all but was accepting my decision anyway. “Thank you.” He straightened, his poise returning, and I knew that he was back to his regular confident self.

I had one more thing to say, though. I leaned toward him, placing my hand firmly on his knee. “Hudson, you’re not broken.”

His expression faltered briefly, his eyes cast downward. When they rose again I saw them pass my exposed cleavage. His brow rose. “What are you...? Is that...?”

I looked down to see what he saw. The corset. Damn, I’d forgotten. A familiar tug of desire formed low in my belly, followed by a more painful ache in my chest. “Yes. I’d worn it for you.”

He sighed. “Wow. That was…that was very thoughtful of you.”

We still wanted each other, and it would be so easy to let that want rule us.

But I was stronger than that. I could be stronger than that. “I’m sorry.”

“I know. I am, too.” His eyes lingered on mine for a moment, before he shifted gears entirely. “This may be poor timing, but I need to get back to my mother’s show.”

“Sure.”

“And since you’re supposed to be sick, you will need to go home.”

I listened as he ordered Jordan to drive toward my apartment.

“When is our next show, boss?” I asked, half praying the answer was soon, knowing that the more time before I saw him again, the better.

“I’m not sure. I have to fly to Cincinnati tonight.” He pursed his lips. “And I am not your boss.”

“Cincinnati? Tonight?”

“Yes, tonight. I have a meeting first thing in the morning. My jet’s leaving early evening.” A private jet. Of course. “I’ll text you later to arrange the Hamptons. We’ll leave Friday afternoon.”

“So you’ll be gone all week?” I don’t know why I asked. It shouldn’t have mattered.

“I’m not sure yet.”

“Oh.” He already felt distant, like he’d already gone. I turned my head to hide the tears that were filling my eyes.

The car pulled over to the side of the road. I looked out the tinted window and saw we were in front of my apartment. Jordan got out of the car, and shortly after, my door opened.

I didn’t want to get out. It felt awkward and awful—my second sort-of-not-at-all break-up in a week. Why did this one hurt so dang much?

Without looking back at Hudson, I stepped out of the car.

“Alayna.” He called me just as I stood fully. I pasted on a fake smile and ducked my head back in. “Thank you for today. I think you’ve truly made an impression on my mother. Good work.”

I stayed at the curb until Jordan had shut the door and gotten back into the car. A shiver ran through me, despite the hot summer day. Wrapping my arms around myself, I headed up to the small studio apartment that felt big for all the loneliness it held.

At my door I found a bag of gourmet coffee and I dissolved into tears, completely melted by his gesture. My elastic band lie. Hudson never missed a beat. I wracked my brain trying to figure out when he had arranged to have it delivered, and realized it had to be before the limo conversation. It was a sweet gesture. I wondered if he wished he hadn’t done it now.

Whether he regretted it or not, it gave me an excuse to reach out to him once more. I pulled out my phone and typed a carefully thought out text. “Thanks for the coffee. And for everything else.”

It was a goodbye to the great whatever it was we’d had, fleeting as it was. I needed the closure. Maybe he did, too.

I pushed send and had a moment of panic, wondering if I’d done the right thing by ending our relationship, wondering if I could undo it, praying that his response would show me he was having the same doubts as I was.

But Hudson didn’t respond at all.





Chapter Thirteen





I stalked Hudson online again that night.

Not because I felt I needed to learn more about him, but because the distance between us felt so overwhelmingly vast. It was a familiar feeling, one I’d felt with guys I’d dated only to discover later, in therapy, that I’d been overreacting. But this was different. We were apart for real, not only in my psycho head. And I couldn’t bear it. I had to get closer to him in whatever way I could, even if it was only via the Internet.

There were already new blog posts and news feeds from the fashion show. The event had great reviews, and more money had been raised than projected. I flicked through the pictures of models, a little wistful that I had missed that part of the day. And there were pictures of me with Hudson, kissing outside the limo when we were on our way in. I stared at those the longest, saving one particularly close shot as my wallpaper desktop.

Most of my stalking, however, was on Pierce Industries and its business ties in Cincinnati. I searched way longer than I should have, trying to deduce if Hudson really was going there, and finding nothing helpful. Did he really have business or did he just want distance?

It shouldn’t have mattered. Our next assignment wasn’t until Friday. But the need to know ate at me, consuming my mind until I’d spent hours exhausting every avenue of research I could think of.

At least I stopped myself at online stalking and checking my phone over and over for a response from him. I didn’t call the airport to see if a Pierce Industries jet had taken off—that wouldn’t have been healthy behavior.

Besides, I had no idea what airport.





I awoke the next afternoon with a knot in my chest. My muscles felt jittery even before I’d had any coffee. They were my usual anxiety symptoms, but I couldn’t say for sure what had caused the attack. Worry about my meeting with David? Or stress about Hudson?

In an attempt to relax, I popped in a yoga DVD before I had to get ready to leave. The narrowed focus and rhythmic breathing loosened me for the most part, but the edge still lingered.

I spent longer than usual prettying up for my meeting at the club. Not for David, but for myself. Sometimes looking good made me feel good, and I was willing to try every trick in the book to get rid of the tension. But no matter what I did, the anxiety remained, buzzing through my veins with a steady electric current.

It was simply nerves about the promotion, I told myself. I’d feel better after meeting with David.

As I was on my way out the door, I got an incoming text. I checked it eagerly. But it wasn’t from Hudson. It was from David.

“Something’s come up,” it said. “Reschedule for Wednesday at 7.”

Then I knew. That the stressing had nothing to do with David, because moving our meeting did nothing to change the way I felt. I should have felt relief, or a spike in the tension since it would have to be dragged out two more days. Also, I should have wondered about what had come up. David and I were close enough that he’d tell me. But I had no desire to ask.

Hudson. It was Hudson that kept coming to mind. Where was he? What was he doing? Was he thinking of me?

I texted back a confirmation to David and paced my apartment, trying to decide the best way to get my ex-lover off the brain. I needed to catch a group. Checking online, I made sure there was still an Addicts Anonymous session scheduled on Monday afternoons. There was, but I had plenty of time before the session started.

I could run. With Jordan driving me around so much, a bit of aerobic activity would be good for me. I changed into shorts and a tank top, put on my running shoes and started out.

The run helped clear my head, the endorphins flowing through my body making me feel better and more confident. And invincible. Which was why when I found my route had led me to the Pierce Industries building, I convinced myself it didn’t mean anything. It wasn’t a big deal to be there. Especially since I only went inside to use the bathroom in the lobby before resuming my run.

I felt so good from the exercise that I decided to skip therapy all together and keep on with my run for a while longer, continuing to the Lincoln tunnel before turning around. I passed the Pierce Industries building again on my way back. And since I knew there was a drinking fountain inside, I went in again, this time lingering a bit in the lobby, scoping out the elevators looking for some sign of Hudson in the building. I managed to make myself leave before I slipped into a car and pushed the button for the top floor.

The next day I didn’t possess as much strength.

Not only did I return to the building three times, but each time I rode the elevator. I told myself it couldn’t be called stalking exactly, because Hudson was out of town—though I had yet to accept that as truth—and because I never actually pushed the button for Hudson’s floor. Instead, I let fate take me wherever, journeying with whoever stepped on to whatever floor they were going to, then forcing myself to return back to the lobby. It felt like elevator roulette—if the car took me to the top floor, then I was meant to stop by Hudson’s office. But each time, I missed the bullet, the other passengers never choosing his floor.

Until Wednesday.

Even though my shift the night before had gotten me home at almost six in the morning, I was awake and back at the Pierce building before one that afternoon. My first ride took me only to the fifth floor. When the passenger stepped out and the doors closed, I leaned against the back of the car and sighed, knowing the car would return to the lobby if I didn’t push a button.

But instead of going down, the car went up. Someone must have summoned it from a floor above. I held my breath as I watched the needle rise higher and higher. Then it stopped on the top floor. Not the secret top floor that required a code and would take me to the loft, but to the floor that Hudson’s office was located on. I braced myself for what I’d see when the doors opened, hoping I’d learn something by peeking around whoever stepped into the car with me.

But I wasn’t prepared for the sight that met me. Three men in suits were laughing and joking as the doors parted. And with them was Hudson.

“Alayna.” His voice was even as always, with only a hint of surprise in his tone.

I froze, my body unable to move, my mouth unable to speak. A wave of jumbled emotions ran through me: I was happy to see him, yet petrified. Enraged to find he was in town after all and somewhat satisfied that my suspicions had been right.

Hudson held a hand out to me. Automatically my arm moved to take it, and he pulled me out to stand next to him. He turned to the men with him. “Gentlemen, my girlfriend has decided to surprise me with a visit to my office.”

I managed to smile before pinning my stare to my gray running shoes.

“That can never be good,” one of the other men said and they all laughed. “Well, we’ll leave you to her then. Thank you again for meeting with us.”

I barely heard the goodbyes the men exchanged with Hudson before they took my place in the car, and how I made it the short distance to his office was beyond me. I was numb, my mind consumed with the fact that I was someplace that I shouldn’t be.

The office doors clicked closed behind us. Hudson must have held my hand the whole way there, but I didn’t notice until he dropped it and walked away from me. “What are you doing here, Alayna?”

I couldn’t bring myself to look at him, but the absence of anger in his tone brought me out of my haze. I could get myself through this. I’d been good at talking my way through things in my obsessive days. I’d explain and he’d believe me and all would be fine.

But I didn’t want to be that girl anymore.

It was right then that I’d realized the severity of what I’d been doing: I’d been stalking. For the first time in years. I’d fallen off the wagon with probably the worst person I could fall off the wagon with. If I’d thought restraining orders and lawsuits had been a nightmare when they were filed by Ian, my last object of obsession, imagine what it would be like with a powerful man like Hudson.

But even more than that—recovering from my addiction to Ian had been hard, but possible. Hudson, though…I couldn’t even bear to think about not being around him in some way or another, no matter what the context.

Hudson was waiting for my answer. I could feel him studying me. I hugged my arms around myself and took a deep breath. “I, uh, I wanted to see if you were back.”

I nearly sobbed with the honesty of my statement, but if Hudson noticed, he didn’t let on. “I got back late last night. You could have called. Or texted.”

My mind reached for the steps of talking through unhealthy behaviors. I’d learned them many times in therapy. Communicate your fears openly and honestly. Closing my eyes to stymie my tears, I said, “You don’t answer my texts.”

“I didn’t answer one text.”

I opened my eyes and found him staring at me intently as he leaned against his desk. I brushed away the one tear that had escaped down my cheek and met his gaze. “It was my only text.”

I heard how it sounded. Ridiculous, an overreaction. We weren’t together. Why should he answer my texts? He had to be regretting his choice for a pretend girlfriend now. Now that he saw the extent of my crazy.

Our eyes remained locked, but I could read nothing in his expression. It seemed like forever before his face softened and he said, “I didn’t realize it was important to you. I’ll make a better effort to respond in the future.”

My mouth fell open.

He straightened to a standing position. “But you can’t just come here like this. How do you think it looks to have my girlfriend wandering around the lobby, riding the elevators when I’m not even in town?”

“How did you…?”

“I pay people to know things, Alayna.”

He knew. Of course, he knew. I’d decided to communicate honestly, but had hoped I didn’t have to be that honest. That he knew I’d been by his office several times, that I’d roamed the building…I was humiliated.

More tears fell. “I…I’m sorry. I couldn’t help myself.”

“Please, don’t do it again.” He was stern, but did I detect a note of compassion?

His reaction was all wrong. He should have been more pissed, more freaked out. “Why are you being like this?”

His brow wrinkled. “Like what?”

“I’ve fucked things up, Hudson! You should be calling your security to escort me out. I’m a mess and you’re taking it all in stride.” The tears fell fast now. There was no stopping them.

His face eased and he stepped toward me. “No,” he said softly, his tone embracing me even though his arms didn’t. “That’s what I meant about being around someone who understood. I know about compulsion. I know about having to do things you know you shouldn’t.”

He wiped a tear from my cheek with his thumb, his hand resting there longer than necessary. “When you feel you can’t help yourself, talk to me first.”

The anxious knot I’d felt for days dissolved under his words. Had he been right? Could we help each other through our pains? Could we fix each other?

I looked into his eyes and wanted again to believe as he did, this time much closer to saying that I did.

But before I could say anything, his secretary’s voice boomed through the office. “Mr. Pierce, your one-thirty is here.”

Hudson sighed, dropping his hand from my face. “I apologize for cutting this short, Alayna, but I have another meeting now. And I’m leaving again this evening.”

My spirits sank. I didn’t know if I believed him, but I did know I didn’t want distance between us. That was what had spurred my obsessive episode this week. Well, he’d asked for me to share... “I hate that you’re leaving. It makes me feel a little distraught.” A lot distraught, actually.

His eyes lit up. “I’ll be back tomorrow.” He took my hand and squeezed. “Join me tomorrow night for the symphony.”

My heart flip-flopped. “Yes.”

“I’ll pick you up at six. Wear the dress.”





I made it to group that afternoon before meeting with David. I’d made a mistake, but Hudson was willing to look past it. More than willing. And that made it so much easier to believe that I wasn’t doomed to be totally freaky with him. I had to make an effort to stay well.

Not comfortable telling my situation to everyone, not when people might know about my connection with Hudson, I was vague on my turn to share. “I’m…I’ve slipped a bit.”

It was an accurate enough statement. My behavior hadn’t been as bad as it could have been. But every journey starts with a single step—even the journeys we shouldn’t be taking, and at the rate I’d been going that week, I’d be well on my way down the obsession road before I had a grip.

Lauren nodded sympathetically. “When you get home, I’d like you to write out a list of your recent negative behaviors, including behaviors you only thought about engaging in. Then come up with a list of healthy behaviors you can substitute whenever you feel compelled to engage in an unhealthy one. Do you need any help?”

“No.” I’d done this before. More than once. I still had all the substitute behaviors memorized from the last time I’d gone off the wagon: Run, do yoga, take an extra shift at work, concentrate on school, visit Brian. Obviously my list needed updating.

“Good. You know your patterns. Are you still journaling?”

“I haven’t in a while.” A long while.

Lauren smiled. “I recommend you start again.” She was always good for a swift kick in the butt.

“Okay.” And I would. But something told me that of all the suggestions I’d received that day, the best one had been from Hudson himself: When you can’t help yourself, talk to me.

I was quiet the rest of the session, replaying an old favorite quote over and over in my head, committing myself to modifying my actions. If there is no struggle, there is no progress. If there is no struggle, there is no progress.

I felt better after group, stronger and my head clear. As Jordan drove me to work later, I added to my substitute behaviors list, including making it a goal to watch every title on the AFI’s 100 Greatest Movies list and continue reading the top one hundred books on GreatestBooks.org.

My good mood and healthy attitude gave me courage to send a text to Hudson before I walked into my meeting with David that evening. “Do you really have to leave town again?”

This time I got a response instantly. “I’m afraid so.”

He’d listened—had adjusted his behavior knowing how it affected me to not get a response. Before I could decide how to answer, he sent another. “But I’m glad to know you’re thinking of me.”

A tingle spread through my body. “Always,” I told him before I could stop myself. What was I doing? What were we doing? We weren’t lovers anymore—were we becoming something else? Something more like friends? Friends who flirted by text?

Whatever we were doing, it felt good. So good that I followed my last text with another more dangerous message. “Are you thinking of me?”

David opened his office door, interrupting my feel-good moment before Hudson had a chance to reply. “Laynie, come in.” David was stiff and his voice tight.

His serious demeanor made me stuff my phone in my bra. “Is everything okay?” I thought back to his message from Monday. “What came up the other day?” I asked as I took a seat in front of his desk.

“This.” David threw a folded newspaper down on the desk before sitting in his chair across from me.

Puzzled, I picked up the newspaper and scanned for what might have put him in such a foul mood. And there it was, in full color on the top of Monday’s society section, the picture of Hudson and me kissing.

“Oh. That.” David had been the one person I’d been scared of telling. I feared he’d jump to conclusions. The wrong conclusions.

And he did. “You want to explain this, Laynie?” He stood and began pacing, not pausing long enough for me to answer. “’Cause I’ll tell you what it looks like. It looks like you were so eager to get your precious promotion that, when you couldn’t get it by playing me, you chose to go after the next guy who could get you what you wanted.”

I put a hand out in front of me as if to stop him from saying what he was saying. “It’s not like that, David. It was never like that.” How could he think that I’d liked him for a promotion? That I’d been insincere when I’d been with him?

“It wasn’t?” He stopped pacing and leaned toward me, his palms on his desk. “Then tell me what it was like, Laynie.”

“It’s…I can’t…” My floundering was exacerbated by the buzz of my phone against my breast. I knew it was a reply from Hudson, and I longed to read it. But there was no way I could right then. Not with David raging in front of me.

“Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He straightened, a look of utter disgust joining the scowl on his face. “Now I’m forced to move you up, implement your ideas, never mind that I was going to anyway, or fear for my own job.” He laughed dryly. “I’m probably grooming you to take my place.”

“David, no.” This was worse than I had imagined. I didn’t want him to think I ever wanted to take his job from him. I had imagined us running The Sky Launch together. Though the romantic part of that duo was no longer appealing to me, I still very much wanted the business duo.

“Does Pierce have any idea about me?”

“David, don’t.”

His eyes narrowed. “Does he know that you’re The Sky Launch slut?”

That was the turning point. Instead of feeling bad, I got pissed. And when I got pissed, I used all the weapons in my arsenal. “If you really believe what you’re saying, David, that I have some power over Hudson, then maybe you should be a little more careful how you talk to me.”

His eyebrows lifted, surprised by my steady tone and pointed words.

“Now, sit down,” I continued, “and we can talk about this in a civilized manner.” I waited while he plopped down in his chair. “Good. Let me see if I have this right—you think I’m dating Hudson so that I could get a promotion at the club. A promotion that you’ve basically promised me because of my hard work here over the past few years. A promotion I earned before you and I even kissed.”

“Why else would you be dating him?” His words were challenging, but the fight had left.

“Not that it’s any of your business, but I’m dating Hudson because…” I was on-duty in that moment, but my reason was honest. “Because I like him. And he likes me. We connect. And, even before our first date, he spelled out to me that he would have nothing to do with helping me move up here. And I accepted it because I knew I could get the manager title on my merit alone. Tell me, did Hudson instruct you to promote me?”

His shoulders slumped. “No.”

“And were you going to offer me the position before you saw our picture in the paper?”

“Yes.”

“Then what are we even talking about?”

He shook his head and shrugged. “Laynie…I…I don’t know what to say. I guess I jumped to conclusions. I said things that were uncalled for.”

“I get it. I knew it would look that way.” I let out a silent breath, relieved that he’d calmed so easily. “Maybe I should have said something earlier.”

David shook his head. Then he met my eyes directly. “No, I was acting jealous. And I didn’t have any right to. I’m the one who ended things.”

“It’s okay.” I looked away. His jealous remark hung in the air between us. Once upon a time I would have jumped all over it. Now, it felt weird to have him feeling things about me.

So I changed the subject. “Um, about the promotion…did you say you were giving it to me?”

He smiled. “Yes. Of course I am. Pierce didn’t tell you?”

Up until recently, Hudson and I didn’t talk much when we were together. But I wasn’t telling that to David. “He really didn’t.”

“Good. I’m glad to be the first to tell you. Congratulations.” He outstretched his hand to shake mine then took it back. “What am I doing? Come here.” We both stood and met at the side of his desk for a hug.

I pulled away first.

He noticed, covering by jumping into work mode. “And we’re taking your suggestions. We’ll extend the club hours starting in August. Which means you have a lot of work to do to get the place ready. Plan on lots of marketing and promotional meetings.”

I put a hand on his arm. “Thank you, David.”

“You deserve it.”

We spent the hours until the club opened working on a business plan. It was distracting and exhilarating and exactly what my obsessive mind needed. Work would automatically make it to my list of substitute behaviors. I now had a salaried position and many of my shifts would take place during daylight hours. Wouldn’t Brian be proud?

When the club opened, I shadowed David, learning more managerial duties. By the time we closed, I was exhausted and grateful that I didn’t have to walk home.

It wasn’t until Jordan was helping me into the backseat of the car after my shift was over that I remembered to read my text from Hudson. “Always,” it said.

My heart stopped. I reread my text to him to be sure I correctly remembered what I’d sent. I did. I had asked him if he was thinking of me, and his answer was Always.





Chapter Fourteen





Jordan was waiting for me with the Maybach at six outside my apartment, but I saw before he even opened the door for me that the backseat was empty.

“Mr. Pierce is late getting back in town,” Jordan explained. “He’ll meet you at Lincoln Center. I have your ticket.”

Having felt anxious all day about seeing Hudson, not sure what the context of our evening would be, I didn’t want to be alone. “Do you mind if I ride up front with you?” I asked.

“I’m sure Mr. Pierce would rather you sat in the back.”

I pulled the back door from Jordan’s grasp and shut it without getting in. “Then we won’t tell him, will we?”

Jordan shook his head at me and crossed around to the driver’s seat. I opened the front door myself and climbed in next to him.

We rode in silence for a bit, and I read the ticket that Jordan had given me. The New York Philharmonic playing Brahms’s Symphonies Two and Three. Nice. I loved the arts and it had been forever since I had treated myself to an event of any sort.

Luckily, I didn’t have to be at work until one a.m. since I was staying after close to learn how to do monthly inventory. Leisl had come to my apartment that afternoon to help me tie the back of my dress and had taken some of my clothes to work with her so I could change when I got there. It meant Hudson and I had all evening for…for what? Were we on show tonight? Was this a date? Were we going out as friends? I had no idea.

Glancing over at Jordan, I felt inspired to get answers to some of my questions. “Jordan? What has Hudson told you about me?” Jordan had been in the office when we were negotiating the terms of our arrangement. What did he think about us?

Jordan didn’t answer.

“You’re not supposed to chat with me, are you?” His expression gave me my answer. “Oh, come on. He probably also said to keep me happy. And right now some validation is what would make me happy.”

He sighed as if not believing what he was about to do. “He said you’re the lady in his life.”

“He did?” Of course, he would have. That was my role, after all—to play the lady in his life. But had there been others? “How many ladies has he had in his life?”

“I haven’t been hired to drive any others, Ms. Withers. I’ve only always driven him. Occasionally he might have a date, but not very often.”

I frowned, not wanting to think about Hudson on dates.

“Certainly none of them held his interest like you do.”

I rolled my eyes, not wanting to be patronized. “You don’t have to say that.”

“I don’t. But it’s true.”

What did that mean, exactly? That I was special to him? Or that I was the only one he’d hired to show off?

But I couldn’t ask Jordan those questions. So instead I asked, “What do you think about Hudson?”

“Me?” Jordan’s eyebrows rose in surprise. “Well, he’s a good boss. Very clear with his expectations. He demands a lot but the benefits are proportional.”

That was nice to know—that he was a decent employer. But it wasn’t what I was looking for. “I mean as a person.”

Jordan laughed. “I don’t know him as anything but a business man.” He glanced at me. “You may be one of the only people I’ve ever met who knows him as just a man.”

“I doubt that.” Not only because I didn’t know him but because I suspected Hudson didn’t let anyone know him.

“I wouldn’t be so sure.”

I wanted to continue the conversation, but we’d arrived at Lincoln Center. It felt strange to arrive by myself, but Jordan directed me to Avery Fisher Hall and gave me all the information I needed. “Tonight is a donor’s event. So there’s a light buffet in the lobby. Mr. Pierce insisted you enjoy yourself.”

I smiled as I pictured Hudson giving the orders to Jordan. Had it been by phone? By text? Either way, I recognized that a great deal of care had gone into the evening. “Do you know when he’ll be here?”

Jordan shook his head. “A late meeting of the day delayed his take-off. But he assures he’ll arrive as soon as he can.” He paused before stepping back behind the driver seat. “Ms. Withers? If I may say, you look quite lovely.”

I blushed as I thanked him, but his compliment gave me the courage to make my way into the hall by myself. Finely dressed patrons crowded in with me, the richest in the city, the people who had money to donate to such trivial things as the arts. I’d always been into nice clothes, but had never cared about designer names until that moment when the only thing camouflaging me in the sea of expensive clothes was my own designer gown. I was out of my element. I needed a cocktail.

As Jordan had said, buffet tables lined the lobby and caterers wandered around with trays filled with delicious appetizers and glasses of champagne. I wasn’t very hungry, but I grabbed a crab puff as it passed so I’d have something in my stomach when I drank the champagne that I acquired soon after. I spent the next forty-five minutes nursing my drink and nibbling on veggies, my eyes pinned on the front doors searching for my date.

When the crowd thinned, I reluctantly made my way to the seat listed on my ticket. Box seats, of course. My spirits perked up as I noticed patrons entering the box ahead of me. Perhaps Hudson had managed to sneak past me.

But when the usher showed me to my seat, I found the seats on either side of mine empty. Three other seats in our box were taken by a middle-aged couple and a woman my age—a woman I knew. It was Celia.

“Laynie!” Celia said as she sat down. “I’m so glad you came. Where’s that handsome man of yours?” Her voice wasn’t exactly quiet, and I realized she wanted her companions to hear.

My chest constricted. Definitely not a date, then.

“I wouldn’t have missed tonight. I’ve been looking forward to seeing you again.” I did my best to pretend I knew that Celia would be there as she had seemed to know I would be in attendance. “Hudson’s late flying in. He’s been out-of-town most of this week.” I’ll admit I hoped the mention of him being out of town would be news to Celia. I felt I needed the upper hand somehow and knowing things about my supposed love that Celia didn’t was the only trick I could play.

“Oh, yes. He told me he was leaving again when I talked to him yesterday.” So much for insider knowledge. “Let me introduce you to my parents, Warren and Madge Werner. This is Alayna Withers, Hudson’s girlfriend.”

Mr. and Mrs. Werner exchanged glances before they leaned over their seats to shake my hand.

“It’s nice to finally meet you,” Madge said. “Sophia has told me so much about you.”

Huh, yeah. Whatever Sophia Pierce had to say to her best friend about me couldn’t be anything I’d want to know. My stomach knotted at the thought. Where the hell was Hudson? How could he leave me alone with these people?

“Sophia’s a delight,” I said with as much pleasantry as I could muster. It actually wasn’t hard to smile as I said it, as if I had told a private joke about Hudson’s monster of a mother.

“Isn’t she?” Celia muttered so only I could hear.

Her dig made me feel more comfortable.

Until Madge started to grill me. “Where did you meet Hudson again?”

I repeated the story, embellishing as many romantic moments as I could without going too far overboard, all the while checking over my shoulder, wishing Hudson would appear.

“Withers,” Warren said when there was a lull. “Any relation to Joel and Patty?”

“No, sorry.” If he was trying to discover the depths of my breeding, I’m afraid he was going to be sorely disappointed.

Relief flooded over me when the lights lowered, ending our conversation. Simultaneously, my resentment toward Hudson grew. I quickly shot him a text, something I should have done an hour earlier. “Where are you?”

The response to my text came as a whisper in my ear as the conductor walked on stage and the audience began clapping. “Right beside you.”

Chills spread through my body and I looked up to see Hudson had slipped into the seat next to me. He was there. Even in the dim theater, I knew he looked gorgeous, wearing a classic tuxedo. His hair was mussed as if he’d dressed quickly, and his face scruffy, increasing the sexy factor.

He nodded to Mr. and Mrs. Werner then took my hand.

His hand in mine—the warmth of it, the strength—it didn’t matter if it was for show, I had needed it, and I clung to it until intermission, only letting go so we could applaud.

While the audience was still clapping, he leaned toward me. “What did you think?”

“I loved it.” I’d never heard the New York Philharmonic, and Brahms had never been my favorite composer, but the performance had been breathtaking. That I had experienced it with the hottest man on the planet sitting next to me didn’t hurt.

“I knew you would.” As the lights came up, he pushed a strand of hair behind my ear, and whispered, sending a fresh set of shivers down my spine. “Showtime.”

He stood and took my hand to help me up, then turned to face the Werners. “Madge, Warren. I wish I’d been here to make introductions. I take it you’ve all met now.”

“We have,” Madge said. “Celia introduced us.”

“Good. I wanted the most important people in my life to know each other.” Then, with all eyes on us, he wrapped me in his arms, turning my knees to jelly. “I’m sorry I was late, darling. You look stunning. The most beautiful woman here tonight.”

He’d said I was stunning when we’d bought the dress, and just as I’d known he’d been saying it for my benefit then, tonight I knew it was for the Werners. He’d never call me “darling” otherwise.

I stared into his eyes, not needing to fake my adoring gaze. “You don’t know that. You’ve barely looked at anyone else.”

He rubbed his nose against mine. “Because I can’t take my eyes off of you.”

God, we could write sappy romance novels. We were that good. He was that good.

“You were out of town this week?” Warren asked, not seeming to care if he interrupted fake Alayna and Hudson’s moment. “Celia said you were away on business.”

I hid a grimace. Celia hadn’t said that. I had said that.

Hudson kissed my forehead lightly before letting me go and directing his attention to Warren. “Yes. A development with Plexis.”

Warren shook his head. “That’s been a thorn in your side for some time.”

“Excuse us,” Madge interrupted. “While you men talk about all your boring business, us girls will freshen up.”

I wasn’t sure if Madge meant to include me as one of “us girls,” but I planned on staying. I wanted to hear the boring business talk. I didn’t want to leave Hudson.

But Celia took my arm, obligating me to accompany them, and Hudson appeared to be waiting until we left to continue. Besides I did need to pee.

I didn’t miss Hudson’s warning glare to Celia. Even I, who hadn’t been lifelong friends with the man, knew that look told her to be careful what she said to me.

He didn’t need to worry. The conversation on the way to the restroom and while we waited in line was banal and trivial. Mostly Madge made snide comments about what other people were wearing and tried to discern what and how much Hudson had bought for me.

It was after I’d peed that the talk became interesting. Madge and Celia were powdering their noses in the side mirror, and didn’t see me come out of my stall. I moved to the sink to wash my hands, and found I could hear their conversation perfectly.

“She’s pretty,” Madge said. “I’m sorry she’s so pretty.”

“Mom,” Celia groaned. “Stop.”

“I’m sure it’s only a fling, honey. This is Hudson’s first real girlfriend. You never settle down with your first.”

I washed my hands for a long time, listening.

“Mother, I don’t feel that way about him anymore. I’ve told you. He’s psycho, anyway. You wouldn’t want our kids to have those genes.”

“He’s got better genes than most. And I know you say you’re over him, Ceeley, but you don’t have to pretend with me. Just make sure he gets thoroughly tested when you get him back.”

“Mom!”

An immense wave of rage swept through me. Not only because Madge had insinuated pretty shitty things about me and my sex life, though that did sting. But also because Celia, the woman who was probably Hudson’s closest friend, had called him a psycho. No wonder Hudson kept himself so guarded and shut off from the world. Even the people who were supposed to care most for him seemed to have no understanding or empathy for the inner demons that he likely fought on a daily basis.

No wonder he’d come looking for me.

I spritzed cool water on my face, attempting to fan my fury. Then I dried my hands and rejoined the Werner women. Even though I’d just been with him, I suddenly couldn’t wait to be with Hudson again. I regretted that I’d pushed him away. He needed me, I realized now, in a very profound way that I couldn’t put into words. And I needed him. I practically ran to the box.

Hudson put his arm around my waist when I came to him, though he continued his banter with Mr. Werner and I melted. Wanting even more contact with him, to share physically the epiphany I’d had in the bathroom, I slid my hand under his jacket, desperate to touch him more, gliding my fingers along his lower back.

He stiffened.

I withdrew my hand and he relaxed.

I had to concentrate to not let the sting of his rejection show on my face. Maybe he didn’t realize what I was trying to tell him. So I tried again in the dark when the symphony started again, placing my hand on his knee. Then I trailed it higher along his thigh.

He stopped me, taking my hand in his. He held it there for the remainder of the show, and though it still held warmth and strength, it felt like a restraint rather than a comfort.

Disappointment wrapped around me with a cold chill. I was too late. I’d pushed him away and now the invitation was gone. I was grateful for the dark. He wouldn’t notice my eyes filling.

After the concert was over, we walked out with the Werners toward the parking garage rather than the pickup area.

“I drove,” Hudson said, answering my brow raise.

He kept his arm around me as we walked. His touch was constant, but it was all pretend. The pressure and passion he’d shown me in private was missing.

Also gone were his eyes. Before, whenever I was with him, his eyes never left my body, my face. Now he didn’t make eye contact once and he barely talked to me at all. Instead, he chatted comfortably with Celia, sharing inside jokes. With each step we took, I felt more and more distraught. Sobs built up in in my throat and I concentrated on forcing them back down, keeping them at bay.

We parted with our companions at the Mercedes. Celia gave me a quick hug while Hudson shook Warren’s hand and kissed Madge on the cheek. I nodded to the Werners then Hudson held the door open for me as I climbed into the passenger seat.

Before getting in himself, Hudson said goodbye to Celia. I watched through the window, my stomach curling. He hugged her and whispered something in her ear that made her laugh. I wiped away the stray tear that slipped past my defenses.

Besides destroying me, watching them made me mad—mad as in crazy and mad as in angry as hell. Wasn’t Hudson supposed to be proving that he and Celia shouldn’t be together? And after I’d learned her true thoughts about him, I knew they shouldn’t be together. She was all wrong for him.

Envy spread through my veins like liquid ice. Celia might not have romance with Hudson, but neither did I. And she had friendship with him. At the moment, it appeared I had nothing.

We didn’t speak while we maneuvered through the long line out of the garage, Hudson humming fragments of the Brahms symphony as he drove. Was I the only one feeling the thick and heavy tension? A tension that seemed to grow thicker by the minute.

By the time we were on the road I couldn’t hold in my feelings of frustration and heartbreak any longer. “So you knew Celia would be there tonight.” It wasn’t a question. I already knew the answer, but I wanted him to say it.

His eyes widened, as if surprised at my harsh tone. “I knew Celia would be there with her parents, yes.” He glanced at me sideways. “Her parents, whom are friends with my parents, remember.”

Right. Fooling them was as essential as fooling Sophia Pierce.

What was my problem? I wrapped my arms around my chest and banged my head against the window once, twice, three times. I shouldn’t have been angry—he’d told me he’d be fake with me. I shouldn’t have been jealous—Celia had him as a friend way before I came along. And she didn’t have more than that.

And neither did I. Not since I’d ended things four days before. Funny how I’d been afraid that being with Hudson would make me fall into bad patterns. Instead, not being with him had been what triggered my anxiety that week and what made me feel so rotten at the moment.

Another tear slipped down my cheek. I dabbed at it with my knuckle.

“What’s wrong?” Hudson asked, concern in his voice. Or maybe it was simply puzzlement.

I considered what to say. I could keep the barrier up between us and evade the question. Or lie. Or confess my envy. Or I could be honest.

Unable to go another minute with the loneliness that had settled in my chest, honesty won over. “I want you,” I whispered, my face pressed against the glass, too embarrassed to look at him.

“Alayna?” I felt his eyes on me.

“I know what I said.” I wiped my eyes, determined to keep the rest of my tears in my eyes. “But maybe I was wrong. I mean, I don’t know if you’re right—if spending time with you can make me better. But I know that since we’ve been apart, I’ve been worse.” Taking a ragged breath, I braved a look at him. “I miss you.” A nervous giggle escaped from my throat. “Told you I get attached.”

A trace of a smile crossed his lips. “Where do you think I’m taking you?”

I glanced out the window, having not been paying attention to our destination. Lincoln. Headed East. We were blocks away from Pierce Industries. The loft.

I straightened, a blush crawling on my cheeks. “Oh,” I said, the lonely ache inside burning away with the spark of desire. Then irritation took over. “I told you no more sex, and you were taking me to the loft without asking?”

“Alayna,” he sighed with frustration. “You are a bundle of mixed signals. At the symphony you seemed to indicate—“

“And you totally blew me off,” I interrupted. “Don’t talk to me about mixed signals!”

He put his hand on my knee. “I was trying to avoid mixing business with pleasure. A difficult task with you, precious.” His voice grew low. “Especially with your wandering hands and how hot you look in that dress.”

I blinked. “Oh,” I said again. How did he do that? How did he compartmentalize, dividing the pretend from the real, never the two to cross while I tied myself up in knots?

“If you want me to ask, I will, though you know it’s not my style.” He took my silent stare as a “yes” even though it was simply me processing. “May I take you to my bed, Alayna?”

His request came out in a rumble that had my passion buttons going off like fireworks. “Yes,” I half moaned as he pulled up to a red light.

His hand moved to my head, pulling me to him. His mouth was greedy and full of need, his tongue tasting of deep lust and the Amaretto coffee he’d had at intermission. My panties felt slick, and the corset binding of my dress felt tight against my breasts.

The honk of a horn pulled him back to the steering wheel. He shifted in his seat and my eyes shot to the bulge straining his pants. My mouth watered, wanting it inside me.

Hudson shifted again. “Those hungry eyes are not helping the situation.”

And then we were there. Pulling in at the valet station of Pierce Industries. I was oblivious to the motions Hudson went through, greeting the valet, handing over his keys, moving to walk behind me toward the elevators, his hand firmly on my ass.

In the elevator we were alone. Hudson entered the code for the penthouse and, as soon as the doors closed, he pressed me against the sheer metal wall of the car. Pausing inches from my lips, his breath mingled with mine. “You’re so beautiful, Alayna.”

“Then kiss me.”

One side of his mouth curled up seductively. “I think I’ll take my time.” Slowly, he traced his nose against my jawline, and down my neck. I moved my mouth to try to capture his, but he was quicker, always a step ahead of me. His merciless seduction turned me on to no end, creating a pool of moisture between my legs.

His slow pace was killing me. “I think I’ll urge you to move faster.” I slid my hand down to fondle the bulge in his pants.

“Fuck me, Alayna!” he hissed as I continued to knead his erection through the material.

“You’ll get no protest from me.” I felt him growing stiffer under my palm. “Actually, I’d like to fuck you with my mouth.”

His eyes widened, but before I could act on my statement, the elevator stopped at the top floor. He pulled me out of the car, letting go of me to fumble for his keys. I rubbed his back while he unlocked the door, unable to stop touching him. “Get in,” he growled as he held the door open for me.

We’d only made it over the threshold, the door slamming behind us before he’d pushed me to the wall. He flipped on one light, then he took my face in his hands and my mouth in his, thrusting his tongue inside to battle with mine, his stubble chaffing against my tender skin. I loved his aggressiveness, as if he couldn’t get enough of my taste. I certainly couldn’t get enough of his.

But I’d been serious about wanting my mouth elsewhere on his body, and though Hudson liked to dominate our time together, I wanted to please him. While he still cradled my face, controlling the intensity of our kiss, my hands unzipped his fly and slipped inside to stroke him. Even through the material of his briefs, Hudson groaned against my lips at my caress.

His sounds ignited my desire. I pulled away from his grip and turned him to the wall. He was going to need support for what I had planned. Then I wrestled his pants and briefs down his legs enough to release his cock. “There’s the big boy,” I purred as I swirled my hand across his head. Catching a bead of pre-cum, I circled my fingers around his shaft and let the moisture glide my hand down his erection.

He moaned again, and I sank to my knees. Holding his cock at the base with one hand, I curled my lips around his crown, and sucked him gently. He gasped, gripping my hair in between his fingers, pulling it to the point of a delicious sting. “God, Alayna. That’s so…ah…so good.”

His praise encouraged me. I stroked my fist up and down his shaft, quickly developing a steady pace, while I licked and sucked his head into my hollowed cheeks. I gave him the full treatment, trailing my tongue along his thick ridge and softly grazing my teeth across his crown. He grew thicker under my attention, and my own arousal spiked.

I hadn’t thought whether or not I intended to suck him to orgasm, but suddenly I was desperate for it. I needed his climax, maybe as much as he did, and my mouth greedily portrayed that need.

“Alayna, stop.” Before I could react, his hands pulled my head away, his cock falling from my mouth with a pop.

Shocked and confused, I let him help me up. “Did I do something wrong?”

“No, precious. Your mouth is amazing.” He reclaimed my lips for a deep kiss. “But I need to come inside your cunt. I’ve been thinking about it for days.” He wrapped his arms around my back and began working on the ties of my corset. “And you need to be naked.”

I groaned, knowing it would take forever to get me out of my dress. “That will take too long,” I murmured into his neck.

“It has to be.” He pulled me tighter so he could see what he was doing over my shoulder. “I have to have access to your breasts. I love your breasts.”

I sighed and began working the buttons of his shirt. “Then you have to be naked, too.”

He shook his head against mine. “That will take longer.”

“But I love the feel of my breasts against your bare chest.”

His chuckle turned into a groan of frustration. “I don’t even want to know how you got into this dress. Turn around.” I did so, lifting my hair so he could work better. His fingers moved deftly and soon he had loosened it enough for me to take over.

I felt his fingers leave me and heard him fumbling with his own clothing. With my back still toward him, I slipped the gown off the rest of the way, and climbed out. Then I removed my panties. I left my shoes on, knowing he liked to do me in heels. Before I turned around, I took a deep breath, knowing that when I saw him naked, he would take it away.

And, boy, was I right. I’d only really gotten to look at him naked the one time in the shower, but I hadn’t forgotten how the sight affected me. His stomach was washboard tight, and his thigh muscles strong. And in between his legs, his erection stood proudly, even more virile and beautiful without his clothing to hinder the view.

Finally my gaze made it to his face, and I noticed he was leering at me with the same amount of intense desire I felt for him. Our eyes met. Then I was in his arms—his strong, beautiful arms—as he kissed me with deep hunger, my breasts smashed against his torso. Soon, he tucked his hands under my ass and lifted me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck, as he adjusted my hips over his cock.

He paused at my entrance. “I haven’t gotten you ready.”

“I’m close enough. Come on in, Hudson.”

He smirked as he rammed into me in one fierce drive. His cock burned inside my not yet fully wet pussy, but it also felt so wonderfully good. So deep and so hard.

He wasted no time establishing a steady rhythm, powering into me with each stroke. The strength it must have taken to hold me in that position and to fuck me with such force amazed me. I’d known he was fit, but hadn’t realized the extent. The awareness heightened my arousal and slickened my sex, allowing him to slide in and out with ease. My breasts bounced with our movement, and shocks of delight shot through my body as my sensitive nipples brushed against his chest. “Hudson, yes. God, yes.”

Our eyes remained locked and I could see the strain and the pleasure etched in his forehead as he continued to pound us toward climax. “So…damn…good,” he panted. “You feel…so…damn…good.”

His encouragement and the sound of our thighs slapping drove me insane, so close to orgasm. With each thrust of his hips, my sex tightened around his steel erection. He turned me to the wall for added support, adjusting his stance so he could pummel me with greater impetus. The new position freed his hand, and he rubbed my clit as his crown found a tender spot. “Come with me, Alayna,” he commanded. “Come.”

His authoritative tone and circling thumb were my undoing. I threw my head back into the wall, my cunt trembling as my orgasm crashed through me. He followed, groaning my name while he released into me in long, hot spurts.

I unwrapped my legs from his waist and felt numbly for the floor with my foot, knowing that he couldn’t possibly continue to carry me after that violent of a release. Though he no longer held my weight, he didn’t let go of me.

“Can we do that again?” I panted, before our bodies had even cooled.

His brow furrowed as he released his grasp on me to look at his watch. “You have to be to work at one? I think we can manage to do that again twice.”





Chapter Fifteen





“Okay, H, we need to have a heart to heart.” We’d been on the road to the Hamptons for less than ten minutes, but I was too anxious to postpone this conversation. I swiveled in the front seat of the Mercedes and pushed my sunglasses to my head so I could see Hudson clearly.

He glanced sideways at me, his own eyes hidden behind his dark Ray Bans. “Sounds intriguing.”

I took a deep breath. “I have some grievances about last night.”

His brow rose skeptically over his sunglasses, but he kept his eyes on the road.

“Not that part of last night.” I hit his arm playfully. “The earlier part of the night. The later part was fine.”

He frowned. “Only fine?”

“More than fine,” I laughed. “It was spectacular. Incredibly spectacular.” My thighs tensed just thinking about the sensual delight we’d experienced the night before at the loft. A kernel of insecurity crept in under my praise, causing me to wonder if he felt the same. Bracing myself, I asked, “How did you think it was?”

“Fine.” His smirk let me know that he was teasing, but I lightly pinched his thigh anyway. Another excuse to touch him.

He took one hand off the wheel and grabbed the hand that had pinched him. “Careful! I’m driving.” He brought my hand to his mouth and nipped at my finger before letting it go. “But you have grievances?”

I pushed away thoughts that his mouth on my skin had elicited. “Yes. I do. I was not prepared for the situation you put me in. I need to know more going forward. I knew nothing about the Werners being at the symphony last night. Couldn’t you have at least given me a heads up?”

Hudson took off his sunglasses and studied me, as if trying to gauge my seriousness.

I was very serious. I was tired of always being in the dark about him and the world that he weaved me in and out of so flippantly.

He tucked his sunglasses into the compartment above his mirror, not needing them anymore with the sun setting and us directed east. “Except for your predilection for putting your hands all over me—“

“Oh, don’t exaggerate.”

“—you were magnificent.” He was serious as well, which shocked me. I felt anything but magnificent. “How would any information I could have given you have changed how you performed?”

I opened my mouth but found I didn’t have a specific answer. “I would have been more at ease because I was prepared.” That was the best I could come up with. “The same goes for the day at the fashion show. I could have handled your mother, Celia—” I paused, wanting to indicate what I’d found out about his past without actually saying it. “You know, the whole day would have been better if I’d been prepared.”

“Again, I thought you were brilliant.”

“Not on the inside. And it’s the inside stuff that makes me do crazy things. Like stalk office buildings.” I winced as I mentioned the embarrassing behavior that I wished I could forget. But if I wanted to be well, I needed to address my insecurities, and not knowing much about Hudson led to many of mine. “Anyway, I have you trapped in a car for over two hours—”

“Are you sure I don’t have you trapped?”

“You’re driving. I’m providing the entertainment.” Though, I found his uncharacteristic playfulness extremely entertaining as well.

“I like the sound of that.” He grinned, sneaking a look at my bare legs.

I resisted the urge to tug at my black skort, one of my prizes from shopping at Mirabelle’s. I enjoyed that he liked looking at me, but his gaze turned me on to the nth degree and I wanted to keep focused. “Stop interrupting. We are playing a get-to-know-each-other game.” I put my hand up as if to shush him. “Don’t even say whatever it is you’re about to say. If we have any hope of fooling your family when we’re with them twenty-four/seven then we need to know more about each other.”

“I already know plenty about you.” This time his gaze went to the bosom of my super tight tee.

“No, you don’t.” I snapped my fingers by my face to get his attention to move upward. “Have you ever gotten to know a woman—nonsexually? Besides from a background check?”

“Not on purpose.”

His answer was quick and honest. And it pissed me off. “Hudson, you’re kind of an asshole.”

“So I’ve been told.” He met my glowering eyes. “Fine. How do we play this game of yours?”

The triumph wiped out my irritation. “We’ll take turns. On your turn you can either ask a question or tell a fact about yourself. Your choice. Nothing too heavy. Basic stuff. I’ll go first. I don’t like mushrooms.”

His eyes widened. “You don’t like mushrooms? What is wrong with you?”

“They’re gross. They taste like rotten olives.”

“They taste nothing like olives.”

“They taste like rotten olives. I can’t stand them.” I made a face to show my disgust, but inside I was ecstatic that he was taking an interest in what I had shared. I hadn’t been sure he would. Especially with such a benign subject as food tastes.

Hudson shook his head, seemingly bewildered by my confession. “That’s a terrible inconvenience. That has to hinder your fine dining experiences.”

“Tell me about it.” For some reason, mushrooms seemed to be in a great deal of fancy recipes. “Imagine my horror when my senior prom date made dinner for me and it was chicken Marsala.”

His eye twitched, almost unnoticeably. “Your senior prom date? Was this a serious relationship?” His voice had also tensed slightly.

I narrowed my eyes. Was he jealous? “Are you asking that question for your turn?”

“Uh, yes, I suppose I am.”

He was jealous. Of a high school prom date. I was flattered. “It was a serious relationship for me. Not for Joe.”

“Joe sounds terrible.” But his smile returned.

“Thank you. He was.” Hudson pulled onto the Interstate, and I put my sunglasses in my purse. “My turn.” I sat back, chewing my lip. I’d eased us into the game, but now I wanted some answers. Something good. “Why do you never call people by their nicknames?”

He groaned. “Because nicknames are so gaudy. Call a person by their given name. That’s why they have it.”

I rolled my eyes. He was so formal. Sometimes I wasn’t sure I even liked the guy. That was part of the reason I had wanted to play this game. I had to know if my attraction went beyond the physical.

And I really wanted him to call me by my nickname. “But nicknames show a degree of familiarity.”

“You tell everyone to call you Laynie. Even people you’ve just met.”

Because answering to Alayna was weird. The only people who had really called me Alayna were my parents. “Maybe I feel familiar with everyone I meet.” I made an effort to say my next words casually, as if the fact didn’t really bother me. “And you call Celia by a nickname.”

“Really?” He knew it bothered me. I hadn’t covered well enough. “She’s the only person on earth, Alayna. I’ve known her my whole life. I didn’t even know her name was really Celia until I was almost ten.”

I crossed my legs, pleased when he glanced as I did so, and swung my foot with irritation. “If you are trying to convince people you care more about me than Celia, then you should have a nickname for me. It will establish endearment.” And I really wanted his endearment.

“Calling me ‘H’ shows endearment?”

My phone vibrated in my pocket. I lifted my hips so I could pull it out, and Hudson eyed me as I did so. “It does. I don’t go for the real lovey-dovey words like sweetie and honey. But Hudson is way too formal.”

“I like formal.”

“I like cherry-flavored blow pops. It doesn’t make them appropriate for every situation.”

“Blow pops?”

“Yeah…blow pops.” I planned to respond with a sexy comeback, but was distracted by reading the text on my phone. It was from Brian asking me to call him. I’d ignored all of the texts he’d sent over the last week, and wasn’t about to start answering now. I threw my phone into my lap, frustrated. He didn’t know I’d found a solution to my money issues and still expected me to give in to his terms. Not happening.

“You didn’t like ‘baby’?” Hudson’s question pulled me back to the car.

My answer held the tension I meant for Brian. “Not so much.” Only because it was unoriginal and insincere. It wasn’t a name Hudson had picked specifically for me.

“I’m sticking with Alayna.”

I turned to him and glared. “Come on. You could call me ‘precious’ every now and then in front of other people.”

“No way,” he murmured.

“Why? You call me that sometimes already.”

His voice rumbled low and quiet and serious. “That’s private.”

I shivered. Even if his tone hadn’t indicated the matter was settled, I would have dropped it. His answer was perfect—sensual and even a little romantic. Not like I was getting my hopes up romantic, just sort of sweet.

Hmm. Hudson never failed to surprise me. I shook my head. “It’s your turn.”

My phone buzzed again. Another text from Brian. This time saying he was coming to see me first thing the next day. And I wouldn’t be there. Guess the laugh was on him. I grinned as I turned off my phone and stuffed it back into my pocket.

When my focus returned to Hudson, he was eyeing me, his brow cocked. “Who keeps texting you?”

Something about his jealousy made me want to purr. “Is that your question?”

“It is.”

I considered making something up, something that would really provoke envy from the man, but the game was meant to be about honest answers. “My brother. He’s an asshole.”

“Like I’m an asshole?” he asked, recalling what I’d said to him minutes before.

“Worse. He’s an asshole who doesn’t know it.”

Hudson grinned. “And you’re ignoring Brian?”

He knew Brian’s name. It made me realize that he already knew I had a brother. I wondered what else Hudson knew about Brian. And my parents. My whole life.

Well, if he wanted to know anything more about Brian he’d have to wait until his turn. “You already asked your question. It’s my turn. I lost my virginity when I was sixteen.”

I meant it to be a shocker, still irritated about Brian’s constant texts and Hudson’s knowledge of things he shouldn’t know about me until I told him. “Sixteen? Fuck, Alayna. I don’t think I want to know that.”

“Sorry.” I smiled.

He shook his head, his eyes narrow. “I seriously doubt this is going to come up in conversation with my family.”

“You never know.”

“Who was the guy?”

His jealousy was seriously hot. “Is that your turn?”

“No.”

I cocked my head, questioning his sincerity.

He changed his mind. He couldn’t help himself. “Yes.”

I didn’t even try to hide my elation. “He was a random guy I met at a party. I thought that having sex would help me forget that my parents had died. It did not.”

“No, I suppose it wouldn’t.”

He sounded sympathetic and I was glad he didn’t press. It had been an awful time in my life. My parents’ fatal car accident had pushed me to behave in ways I wasn’t proud. Random sex, excessive drinking, drug experimentation. And then the addiction that had stuck—obsessive love, which shouldn’t be called love at all, but rather obsessive wanna-be-loved. If I was really with Hudson, I mean really his girlfriend, then he should know all the details, and I liked to think I’d tell him. But for a strange moment I was exceptionally glad that I wasn’t really with Hudson so I wouldn’t have to tell him.

Whoa. Did that mean that there were other moments when I wanted to be really with him? When had that started?

I shot a glance at Hudson who seemed to be heavy in his own thoughts. What would it take to get in there? I tried to guess what he could be so absorbed with. “What were you doing in Cincinnati?”

“Business.”

I pinched the bridge of my nose. It was so much easier to have sex with the man than to get him to share anything real. “That’s not very much of an answer.”

“I wouldn’t talk to my girlfriend about business.”

“You wouldn’t be my boyfriend if you didn’t.” Despite finally believing that Hudson was indeed out-of-town that week, insecurity nagged at me still. I pushed for more information. “Didn’t your mom and dad talk about business with each other?”

“My parents don’t talk about anything. If Dad’s at the house when we get there, he will not sleep in the same room with Mother. Loveless marriage, remember?”

“Not a good example then.” I tried a different tactic. “Look. I’m a business major. I like to know about these things.” I licked my lips purposefully. “Doesn’t my smart mind turn you on?”

“Your smart mind, not mine.” But he was hiding a smile.

I slipped my hand down his thigh. “Come on. I’ve shown you mine. Show me yours.”

He couldn’t resist me in full flirtation mode. He sighed. “There’s been some outside interest in Plexis, one of my smaller companies. But I’m not keen to sell to this particular buyer. The other members of the board feel differently.”

Hudson furrowed his brow and I thought he’d finished, but he went on. “Actually it’s been quite stressful, fighting to keep Plexis together when so many are opposed. Many stand to gain a sizable profit from a sale. I know that this buyer would run the place to the ground. The company would be torn apart. People would lose their jobs.”

I sat mesmerized. In his brief divulgence, I saw something besides his passion for his companies and the people that worked for them. I saw him relax and maybe even enjoy telling me about something that weighed heavily on him. Did he have anyone he shared these things with? It didn’t seem likely.

He noticed me staring and he shifted.

I was sure he’d be disturbed to discover how much I’d discerned from such a brief conversation. So I deflected and lightened the mood. “Thank you! Was that really so terrible?”

His mouth tightened into a straight line, but I saw the gleam in his eyes. “I’m not answering that. It’s not your turn.” He only paused a second before he said, “Fine. It wasn’t that terrible. That’s what I’m offering for my turn.”

“Hudson?” I asked softly, hoping he didn’t see the full extent of my adoration in just the speaking of his name.

“Yes, precious?”

“You aren’t really an asshole.”

He brought one finger to his mouth. “Shh. You’ll ruin my reputation.”

We continued the game through dinner at a clam bar in Sayville, covering a variety of topics from favorite movies to worst dates to first kisses. Hudson and I had very few things in common, but that only intrigued me more, and I had the distinct impression he felt the same. Most of our differences seemed to come from our backgrounds rather than our tastes. I didn’t know if I loved the opera—I’d never been. And my favorite pastime—buying one movie ticket and sneaking into several movies after—was born of a lack of funds that Hudson had never experienced.

Underneath it all, we both knew we shared one very vital commonality—our destructive pasts. Though we seldom spoke of it, it shadowed many of our confessions. But unlike with other men when I went through the routine of talking about myself, I didn’t feel like I was holding back the truth. I wasn’t lying, like I had to so many others. We didn’t talk about it, but it didn’t lie in the deep recesses of ourselves, threatening to be revealed. It made the simple exchanges between us easier and more poignant.

After dinner when we returned to the road, we played the game at a relaxed pace, letting long moments of comfortable silence fill the spaces between turns. Finally, Hudson turned off Old Montauk Highway onto a private drive. At the gate midway down the entry, he entered a code that opened the wooden doors and allowed us to continue past the high hedge to the circle driveway. He stopped the car in front of a traditional two-story estate.

“We’re here,” he said in a sing-song voice not typical of Hudson Pierce.

My mouth fell open as I stared up at the mansion, clearly lit with bright torchlights like the fountain in the center of the circle drive. I’d tried not to think too much about Hudson’s money, not wanting that to be the focus of my attraction to him, but if there was ever a time to be appreciative of his wealth, this was it. The stone house was breathtaking and extravagant, the kind of thing I’d only seen in movies.

“It’s…wow.”

Hudson laughed. “Come on. You’ll love the inside.”

I opened the car door, immediately overwhelmed with the smell of the ocean air mingled with a variety of early summer blooming flowers. The front doors opened and an older balding man in a light gray suit approached us.

“Good evening, Martin,” Hudson said, slipping his arm around my waist. “This is my girlfriend, Alayna Withers. Martin is our household assistant.”

“A pleasure, Ms. Withers,” Martin said, taking my hand. After he released it, he spoke to Hudson. “Mr. Pierce, I’ll set your bags in the guest suite in the west wing.”

Hudson frowned as he handed Martin the keys to the car. “Is everyone in the west wing?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Then set us up in the master of the east wing.”

With his hand still at the small of my back, Hudson escorted me through the double doors into the entryway of the house. The entry was bare except for an ornate table set into the curve of the wide staircase.

“Hudson, we’re in the kitchen,” Mirabelle’s voice called from the back of the house.

“I know it’s late,” Hudson said to me, his tone full of apology, “but we should at least say hello. Do you mind?”

I wasn’t tired in the least. This was my time of day. If we hadn’t left town, I’d just be starting my shift at the club. “It’s not late for me.”

For some reason, this made Hudson smile. “Good.”

The sensual promise in his tone made my thighs tense. God, with his endless flirting in the car and the intimacy of our get-to-know you game, I was more than seduced. All I needed was a bed and Hudson alone. And the bed was optional.

Hudson directed me through the back hallway of the entry toward the back of the house, his fingers at my hip not providing nearly enough contact. At the kitchen, he dropped his hand, and I sighed at the loss.

Fortunately, I was able to disguise the sigh as one of awe at the room we’d entered. The kitchen was larger than my apartment. Hell, the entryway had been larger than my apartment. The walls were a light yellow cream, and the counter tops a brown and white flecked granite. All the appliances were stainless steel, a striking comparison to the hardwood floors. Even as someone with no interest in kitchens, I admired its beauty.

We found Adam and Mira leaning over the center island, scraping out what seemed to be the final crumbs in a pie dish.

“I’m pregnant,” Mira said before anyone could ask. “I don’t know what Adam’s excuse is.”

“Was that one of Millie’s pies?” Hudson asked.

Mira nodded.

“Then there’s his excuse right there. No one makes better pies than Millie. I can’t believe you didn’t save any for us.”

“There’s more for tomorrow,” Adam piped up. “We were strictly forbidden to touch them. Millie’s our cook,” he said for my benefit. “She’s amazing.”

“Now that the little one’s been fed,” Mira said, rubbing her belly, “I can give a proper greeting. Laynie!” She wrapped her arms around me. “I’m so glad you came!”

“Thank you,” I said, stunned by her exuberance.

“How was the trip? Did you get anything to eat?”

“Are you offering to fix them something?” Adam put his hand near his mouth and mock-whispered, “Mira doesn’t cook.”

She narrowed her eyes at him, playfully. “I know how to use the microwave, though.”

“No need to prove anything. We stopped in Sayville,” Hudson said.

“The clam bar? Ooh, I’m jealous.” Mira moved to her brother and hugged him, giving him a light peck on the cheek. “I’m still glad you’re here. It’s been ages since you’ve come out.”

Hudson slipped out of her grasp, but smiled. “I am too. Did Dad come?”

Mira took the empty pie plate to the sink and filled it with water before leaving it to soak. “Yeah, he’s already gone to bed for the night. Or he’s hiding from Mom. He’s in the guest house.”

I exchanged glances with Hudson, remembering our earlier conversation about his parents’ loveless marriage.

“Where is Mother? And Chandler?”

“I’m here.” I looked behind me to see Sophia Pierce leaning against the arched doorway. She wore a dressing robe and had a glass of something light brown on ice. “Chandler’s out with the Gardiner girl. I don’t expect him until late.”

“Hello, Mother.” Hudson walked over to her and kissed each of her cheeks.

“You made it.” Sophia glanced at me. “Both of you.”

“Alayna and I are seldom apart,” Hudson lied, pulling me to him.

“Good evening, Mrs. Pierce.” I had been dreading seeing her again, but I made my greeting as warm as possible. Hudson’s arm around me helped. “Thank you for the invite. Your house is lovely.”

She nodded. “I’m sure you want to get settled. I chose a room for you in the west wing.”

Hudson straightened. “I told Martin to set up the master suite in the east wing.”

Electric tingles spread from my lower belly throughout the rest of my body. Hudson and I sharing a master suite…the thought made me squirm. I’d tried not to dwell on how we’d spend our nights in the Hamptons—whether they’d be filled with sex or considered on-duty hours, I didn’t know. But now that the idea had been firmly planted, I couldn’t stop thinking of the carnal possibilities.

Sophia obviously didn’t feel the same way about her son and me sharing a bed. “Hudson, that’s so far away from the rest of us.” Her ire was evident. Like Hudson, I had a feeling she rarely had anyone oppose her. I imagined the shared trait made for some pretty uncomfortable family meals.

And I was about to share several of them before the trip was over. Lucky me.

Hudson knew how to handle his mother. “We need the distance, Mother.” His tone was final.

“Why? We don’t bite.”

“Alayna does,” he grinned wickedly. “And she can be quite loud.”

I turned ten shades of scarlet. Did he actually believe every pretend girlfriend wanted their sex life discussed with the mother? Though, I really could be quite loud.

It was Sophia’s shocked look that Hudson responded to, her expression likely the intended outcome of his scandalous remark. “Oh, Mother, don’t look at me like that. Neither Alayna nor I have been virgins since we were sixteen.”

Sophia pursed her lips and walked past us, finishing her beverage before placing it in the sink.

Hudson leaned in to whisper in my ear, the warmth of his breath sending a shiver down my spine. “Well, what do you know? That virginity fact did come in handy.”

I elbowed him in the ribs, exasperated at being the victim in his poke at his mother.

“Don’t get pissy, Alayna.” He pulled me in front of him and wrapped his arms around me, my backside to his chest. “Trust me—we want a room away from them.”

I sighed into his touch, aware that we were on show, but enjoying the contact nonetheless.

And maybe he enjoyed the contact, too. Or he simply wanted to get away from his mother because he excused us then. “We’ll see you in the morning. It’s late and we’d like to get to bed.”

Or maybe he really did just want to get to bed. God knew I did.





Chapter Sixteen





As we climbed the stairs and turned toward the east wing, nervousness set in. I had learned that Hudson was very intent on separating the fake from the real, and that left me to wonder what would happen between the two of us at night when we were alone. It stood to reason we’d have sex, and he had made sure our room was away from the others. But did he want privacy so we could be intimate or so that his family wouldn’t know we weren’t being intimate?

It was so confusing. He so easily compartmentalized, but for me it was impossible. Everything I knew and felt about him wrapped itself tightly around me at all times. There was no separation of the pretend and the real except for how he reacted to me.

Silently as I worried about the impending situation, I followed him through double doors into a beautiful master suite. The room had two ornate mahogany dressers and a matching four-poster queen bed. Our luggage sat at the foot of the bed, opposite a small sitting area with two armchairs and a mahogany table. A fireplace lined the inner wall and the floors were hardwood covered almost entirely by a plush rug. Though it was traditionally decorated, a flat screen TV centered the wall across from the bed.

As I stood taking the room in, worrying out our situation, Hudson removed his suit jacket, humming as he did, obviously unaware of my anxiety. Next he loosened his tie and flung it over one of the chairs. He turned back to me as he unbuttoned his shirt and paused, noticing I hadn’t moved since entering the room.

Before he could ask, I blurted out what had me fretting. “Am I off-duty or on-duty?”

A small smile crossed his lips. “My family’s not around.” Yes, he’d made sure of that. “Off-duty. Besides, I told you I’d never use sex as part of the sham and I intend to have sex with you now.”

The shiver that passed through me caused every hair on my body to stand on end. “Really?”

“Of course.” He continued to pin me with his stare as he resumed his unbuttoning, moving slower than he had before.

I took in a shallow breath. “We’ve never spent the night together.”

“So we haven’t.” He took a step toward me, his sly grin growing wider. “Are you nervous?”

Yes. “No.”

His brow rose as if he sensed my lie. “You should be. You’ll be within my reach all night long. I expect you’ll be sore tomorrow.”

My nervousness melted away, replaced by intense arousal. “Hmm. Sounds lovely.”

“Good. Go get ready for bed.” He nodded toward the en suite bathroom door. “Don’t take too long. I’m eager to lick you senseless.”

I didn’t hesitate, grabbing the small bag that held my toiletries as I scurried into the bathroom. After I shut the door behind me, my finger lingered at the handle while I considered locking it. But why would I do that? Any invasion Hudson planned I would welcome.

After washing my face and brushing my teeth I paused again. What should I wear? I had packed a sexy nightie, not sure if I would use it or not. Nighties seemed to suggest a romantic tone. Didn’t they? It didn’t matter, because I’d left my suitcase in the bedroom. Should I go out clothed? Naked?

I decided to strip to my underwear, thankful that I’d worn a pretty black lace bra and matching lace boy shorts under my outfit. I folded my clothes and left them on the counter then stepped quietly out of the bathroom.

Hudson had turned off the overhead lights and switched on the nightstand lamps. His back was to me, and I could see he’d lost his dress shirt and belt and his feet were bare and sexy. God, feet had no right being sexy, but his were.

He turned and my breath caught. Our sexual relationship was still so new. Seeing his naked chest still thrilled me to no end. His hard angles, the way his pants hung low enunciating his hips, his abs of steel—I didn’t think I could ever get tired of looking at him.

Eventually my gaze fluttered to his face where I found his dilated eyes, devouring me where I stood. “Nice choice.” He nodded at my attire, and my skin tingled with his approval. “Come here.” His low growl pulled me to him as effectively as if he had me on a rope. I stopped within his reach, but he didn’t touch me. He circled around me instead, standing so close I could feel the body heat radiating off of him, increasing my own already rising body temperature.

He stopped behind me, and I felt him at my neck, his breath grazing my skin. “So beautiful,” he murmured before his lips nipped at my ear. “I need to make you come.” I jumped as his hands skimmed down the length of my arms. “Over and over.” He licked along my lobe. “Do you think you can handle it?”

Words failed me. I answered with an incoherent moan, leaning my body into him, letting his heat envelop me.

He let out a wicked laugh then spun me around to face him, his mouth stopping centimeters above my own. “You don’t know if you can handle it, do you, precious? Let’s find out.”

He took me with his mouth, consuming my breath with his ravaging kiss, urging me to succumb to his control. I didn’t fight it, giving myself over to him in every way he demanded. And with each demand, I lost more of myself to him as he taught my body how to be adored and worshipped. How to be taken and dominated. Like I was made simply for his pleasure, but by the same token, that he was made for mine.

He did lick me until I was senseless, and he did make me come over and over. And in several moments I feared I couldn’t handle it. But he pushed me through each climax—both those that rolled slowly and those that ripped violently through me—with the experience and confidence of a lover that had known me intimately for far longer than he had.

After several orgasms passed between us, he lay heavily on the bed next to me, his shoulder touching mine, either spent for the night or taking a break, I wasn’t sure. My own body was boneless, every muscle lax. Sleep threatened at the edges of my consciousness, but I pushed it away, unwilling to put our evening to bed yet.

I turned my head toward him and caught him watching me, a satisfied smile on his face. Returning his grin, I sighed. “That was…incredible.”

In a flash he was on top of me, his body covering the length of mine. He laced his hands in mine and lifted them over my head. “What was your favorite part?”

All of it. Every minute of it. But that answer seemed lame and I knew he wanted something more concrete. Several amazing moments came to mind, each making me blush simply from thinking of them—like when he’d crawled up my body and straddled my neck, silently ordering me to take his cock in my mouth. That had been pretty hot.

And when he’d commanded me to play with myself while he sucked and tugged at my breast. Again, pretty hot. Also, a bit awkward. But only until I warmed up to it.

Unable to voice the memories, I turned the table on him. “What was your favorite part?”

He trailed his nose along my jaw. “The way you respond to anything…everything…I do to you.” He licked along my lower lip and I opened to kiss him, but he pulled out of reach. “Your turn.”

His mood was unusually playful and inspired me to join him. “I’ll never tell.” I grinned.

“Tell me.” He moved my hands together and pinned them with one of his. His other hand he lowered to rest lightly at my hip.

My exposed ribcage made me feel vulnerable. He could tickle me mercilessly. I tempted him anyway. “Make me.”

“I can’t make you do anything.” His hand flickered across my sensitive side and I flinched.

“I think you could.” I braced myself for his assault. “I hear you’re quite good at making women do things.”

And suddenly I wasn’t playing anymore, but hinting at deeper meanings. I hadn’t meant to go there, but his confession of manipulating women for sport always hung right below the surface of our time together. Lying nude beneath him now, completely stripped of senses from multiple orgasms, it bubbled to the top and escaped my lips.

His eye twitched, the only indication he gave that my true implication affected him. “I am good at making women do things.”

I couldn’t help myself. I nudged the conversation on. “But not me.”

“No.” His voice lowered, the playfulness gone. “Not you.”

“Am I not…” I searched for the question I wanted to ask, needing the answer even though I couldn’t yet form the words. “…intriguing…enough to play that game with?”

My hands still pinned above me, he propped himself up with his other arm so he could glare down at me. “God, Alayna, do you want me to do that to you? Possess you? I would crush you. I would destroy you.” His tone was dark, but also honestly inquisitive. “Is that what you want?”

My eyes filled. I hated the truth of my answer. “No, but a little bit yes too. That’s how my stupid brain works. If you don’t do with me what you normally do with other girls, there must be something wrong with me.”

He laughed as he lowered himself to the bed beside me. “Oh, it’s all you, huh? It’s not that there’s something wrong with me? How self-centered of you.”

Free to move, I rolled to my side toward him. “I’m very self-centered. I want to be special. I’m afraid that I’m not.”

“You are.” His words were emphatic. “Even more than you could imagine you are.” He turned his body so he could face me. “Because I don’t want to destroy you more than I need to possess you. That’s progress for me.”

We were both vulnerable now. Two damaged souls spilling our brokenness in a private therapy session. Was this what he had wanted between us? Sharing like this, without judgment, without shame? It was…nice.

I stopped worrying about being exposed and spoke from the gut. “Then I’ll try not to fixate on what it means that I’m different for you. That will be progress for me.”

He nodded, the weight of my words sinking in. “Do you know why you do it?”

“Why I become obsessive about guys?”

“Yeah.”

“My counselors have said it’s probably about not feeling loved as a child. Aggravated by the early death of my parents. So I’m constantly seeking affection and doubting it when I receive it because I don’t know what it really feels like.”

“How did you get over that?”

It wasn’t at all what I thought he’d ask, and I sensed he was asking as much for himself as he was about me. I’d gotten this far into the depths of candidness, might as well dive right in. “I haven’t. It’s a constant battle. Lots of self-affirmation. Lots of silly little tricks, like wearing elastic bands to remind me.”

He nodded, understanding about my elastic band settling in. “You still fall into old habits.”

“Yes.”

“With me?”

“You know the answer to that.” My voice came out a whisper. I wanted to look away, but our eyes were locked and in the softness of his gaze I found the courage to tell more. “I didn’t believe you were away on business. I thought you didn’t want to see me. That’s why I came by your building.”

His face fell, as though my honesty crushed him. He closed his eyes briefly. When he opened them, they were dark and intense. He reached his hand out to cup my nape, insuring that my face was fixed on his. “Alayna, I will never lie to you.” His voice was gruff. “Not when we’re off-duty. I will always tell you the truth. I swear it.”

His grip loosened, and his thumb stroked across my bare cheek. “Do you understand?”

I nodded and covered his hand with mine. “Hudson, this,” I choked, my throat tight with emotion. “This was my favorite part.”

For a split second I worried I’d scared him with my intensity, that he’d pull away. But he didn’t. Instead he put his hand on my ass and pulled me closer. He stroked down my thigh, urging it forward to rest around his waist. Then he slid inside me, my pussy already wet from earlier orgasms. He was slow and steady with his pace, less rough than he often tended to be, his usual sex talk absent. But, because of the things we’d shared, his measured thrusts felt raw, more intent on connecting than on gratifying.

Climax came quickly for both of us, mine crashing through me in waves that tightened my belly and curled my toes and caused fireworks to cross my vision, his spurting hot and prolonged as he groaned my name. His eyes never left mine, though they narrowed as he came, and it deepened the intimacy. I knew he’d told the truth, I trusted him. In his words, in his actions, I felt fixed. I’d fallen into something that had nothing to do with love. Into healing.

And it was love too. If I could stand to admit it to myself, love was exactly what it was.





Chapter Seventeen





Streams of sunlight poured through the windows, warming and waking me up earlier than I would have on my usual sleep schedule. Before looking, I sensed I was alone. When I turned, I squinted at the clock on the nightstand next to where Hudson should have been sleeping. Nine-twenty-seven.

I blinked several times, adjusting my eyes, while I considered whether I wanted to get up and search for my lover or roll over and go back to sleep. I still hadn’t made a decision when the doors opened to the bedroom and Hudson appeared wearing nothing but black silk pajama bottoms and carrying a breakfast tray.

“Good, you’re awake,” he said as I sat up, the smell of coffee luring me further out of sleep. “I’m showing my family what an awesome boyfriend I am by bringing you breakfast in bed. Omelets. Sans mushrooms, of course. No cherry-flavored blow pops.” He winked as he set the tray on the table in the sitting area.

“This is one of those inappropriate moments for a blow pop anyway. And you should have said amazingly awesome boyfriend. Breakfast in bed is the best.” Though the thing making my mouth water was the never tiresome sight of Hudson barefoot and shirtless.

“I’m not that awesome.” He left the tray and untied the string of his PJs, letting them fall to the ground, exposing his beautifully erect penis. He slid under the covers and climbed over me. “I’m going to make you eat it cold.”

Before his kiss prevented me from speech or thought I mumbled, “Cold breakfast sounds perfect.”





It was almost noon before we were ready to dress for the day. Hudson had offered to draw me a bath to soak my sex sore limbs, but I opted for a shared shower, wanting to extend our intimacy as long as possible before we were on-duty again.

After we’d dried and dressed—Hudson in khaki pants and polo, me in a cream sundress—he left me to take our dirty dishes down while I finished primping. I chose to sweep my hair into a ponytail, an easy and quick option, so I could follow him shortly, though the idea of hiding out in the bedroom as long as I could, had crossed my mind. Truth was, as much as I didn’t want to face Sophia, I wanted to be with Hudson more.

Not knowing my way around the house yet, I headed first to the kitchen, hopeful that he’d still be there. I paused outside the swinging kitchen door when I heard voices—Hudson’s and Sophia’s.

“—didn’t invite you so you could stay in your room all day and fuck like bunnies,” Sophia was saying.

Yeah, I wasn’t walking in yet. I pressed my ear to the door, listening.

“Then why did you invite us?” Hudson’s voice was calm, his ability to smoothly wield his mother impressing me. Was Sophia the first woman he’d mastered? Had he practiced his skills of manipulation on her? Was our elaborate scheme to fool her now a substitute for the games he’d played on other women?

I wasn’t judging him for any of it. Just curious.

“I invited you because I think she—any woman you involve yourself with, for that matter—has a right to be protected. Has a right to know.”

“Her name is Alayna, Mother.” He surprised me with the sharpness of his tone. “And she already knows.” He laughed gruffly. “I love how you believe no one could possibly feel something for me because of who I was in the past.”

My chest tightened, ached for what I knew Hudson must be feeling. Brian had held my mistakes over me as well, always doubting that I could ever be better. The lack of familial support made healing all the more difficult.

Maybe Hudson and I could be strength for each other. It was a dangerous thought, putting too much importance into our solely physical relationship, but who was I kidding? I’d long passed the moment when my emotions had entered into the picture. What was the point of fighting it longer?

Maybe we could be...more.

I’d missed some of the conversation, lost in my own head, but Sophia’s raised voice drew me back. “—can’t understand how you could tell her? What if she exposes you? Exposes us? Our family doesn’t need that kind of scandal.”

“My life is more than a scandal waiting to happen, Mother.”

“Your life is a series of scandals. Scandals that your father and I are continuously cleaning up. Your bartender whore is just the next scandal.”

Even though I’d promised myself to not let her get to me, Sophia’s insult was a punch in the gut. My eyes stung, but before tears could form, Hudson’s defense softened the blow.

“Don’t you dare talk about Alayna like that again. If you do, I—“

“Finding out anything good?”

I jumped away from the door, the unfamiliar male’s voice behind me both startling and shaming me for being caught eavesdropping. I forced my eyes to his and blushed even deeper. The chiseled face was more attractive in person than in the pictures I’d seen on the Internet, and the resemblance to his son so striking it was almost eerie, as if I were viewing Hudson thirty years in the future. He looked younger than the sixty years I knew him to be, his frame trim with only a slight paunch, and his features striking against his goatee and long salt and peppered hair.

Hudson’s father cocked his head and stroked his goatee, a gesture that seemed so natural I imagined he frequently employed it. “I’m judging by the look on your face that you already know who I am.”

“Yes. You’re Jonathan Pierce.”

“And you…hmm…don’t tell me…” He looked me over in such a way that I knew he appreciated what he saw, yet I didn’t feel ogled. “You’re a little old for Chandler, and Mira doesn’t ever pick friends who are prettier than her. That leaves Hudson. I’d heard a rumor he was dating someone, but I never imagined it was true.”

His tone was charming and easy, a hint of a drawl revealing his Texas roots. His manner relaxed me even though I’d been caught in an embarrassing situation. “I’m Hudson’s girlfriend, Alayna Withers.” I held my hand out to him. “But please call me Laynie, Mr. Pierce.”

He took my hand with both of his and held it as he spoke. “My friends call me Jack, and I have a feeling we’re going to be great friends.” He patted my hand, the action managing to stay just on the right side of the okay/creepy line. When he let go, he nodded his head toward the kitchen. “Who’s in there anyway?”

A guilty smile lined my lips. “Hudson and your wife.”

Jack rolled his head dramatically. “Please refrain from reminding me I’m married to that woman.” His eye twinkled mischievously. “We obviously don’t want to go in there. Have you been given a tour of Mabel Shores?”

“Mabel Shores?”

“If Hudson hasn’t told you the name of this house, he’s certainly not given you a tour. How lucky that I’m available to do the honor.” He offered me his arm. “Shall we?”

I hesitated only a second, Jack’s charismatic demeanor impossible to turn down. Besides, Hudson had said our sham was meant to convince both his parents. Spending time with his father could only be beneficial to the cause. And the truth was, though I knew Hudson expected me, postponing my next face-to-face with Sophia sounded like an excellent idea.

Jack leisurely led me through the house, providing historical and architectural trivia spattered with the occasional humorous anecdote. The main floor featured a spacious living room, library, gym, and a media room as well as two guestrooms. The décor remained traditional throughout, but very up-to-date and stylish.

He ignored showing me the upstairs, stating that there wasn’t much to see besides the bedrooms. We also avoided the dining room and kitchen, slipping out the French doors in the office on the opposite side of the house to explore the grounds instead.

We talked easily throughout the tour, Jack’s charm never faltering. Though he was more than twice my age and the father of my lover, I adored him and his shameless flirting. He was harmless and fun and much more pleasant than I’d ever imagined a renowned businessman could be. I began to piece together the Pierce family, understanding Mira’s welcoming personality now that I’d met Jack. I could even spot what Hudson had inherited, recognizing his magnetism and sexual prowess came from his father. And the playfulness that Hudson occasionally adopted—that was his dad.

When we’d circled most of the east gardens and were headed back toward the house, Jack grew somewhat serious. “So you and Hudson…that’s a pleasant surprise.”

“I’m not sure that I want to know what’s surprising about us.”

“Nothing bad. Hudson doesn’t date much. I’m glad to see that the girl he finally brought home is someone as delightful as you. I hope it sticks.”

I smiled. “Thank you.” I savored my next words as I said them, relishing the sweetness of their honesty. “I’m quite stuck on the man. I’ve fallen for him pretty hard.”

Jack stared at me, reading my face. “Yes, I believe you have. That’s wonderful. Truly.”

His sincerity was touching, and a rush of emotion surged in my chest. It felt good to have someone rooting for our fake relationship. It validated my growing belief in the possibility of more.

My confidence was short-lived, however, Jack’s next words reminding me of the barriers lying between Hudson and myself. “What was Sophia saying about you? I’ve been dying to ask.”

“When? Oh.” I turned away, pretending to admire the purple grapelike flowers lining the cobblestone path.

He pushed gently, understanding lacing his words. “It had to be not very nice. You were ashen when I found you.”

I sighed, thinking how best to sum up what I’d overheard and how it made me feel. “She doesn’t like me.”

Jack shrugged. “Sophia doesn’t like anyone.” He didn’t bother to hide his own disdain for the woman, and I wondered how he had ended up with her in the first place. “But I imagine she especially doesn’t like you. Which is why it’s so delicious that I do.”

Shaking my head, I ignored his teasing. “Is it because of me or because of Hudson?”

“The reasons I like you have absolutely nothing to do with Hudson.”

I leveled a stern look in Jack’s direction. “I was talking about Sophia—your wife. Why does she especially not like me?”

Jack stroked his goatee and resumed walking toward the house. “It isn’t you.”

Bartender whore. I followed him, Sophia’s earlier remarks resounding again in my head. “Really? I bet she’d welcome Celia into Hudson’s arms.”

“Because she adores Celia. Always has.”

We’d reached the veranda at the back of the house where Jack gestured to sit. I sank into a cushy loveseat and curled my feet up underneath me. “Doesn’t she want Hudson to be happy?”

Jack took the chair across from me, a small wooden table separating us. It was his turn to sigh. “She doesn’t want anyone to be happy. Particularly Hudson. They’ve had many battles in a lifelong war, and she’s not a forgiving woman.”

Again I thought of my relationship with Brian. As much of a pain in the ass that he’d been lately, I couldn’t say I didn’t understand why. He and I had suffered our own battles and the wounds ran deep. And I wasn’t Brian’s child. I imagined the dynamic between us would be so much worse if I were. Also, though my brother could be domineering, neither he nor I could compare to the battle of wills demonstrated by Hudson and Sophia.

I rested my head back against the loveseat and stared at the rough textured concrete ceiling. “Then there’s no way to win her over?”

“No.” His answer was firm, final.

If that were true, then the job I’d been paid to do was doomed to fail from the start. “Your son seems to think there is.”

Jack shook his head sadly, taking a long moment before responding. “That’s too bad. I thought he was long past caring.” His expression was raw, and I could see that though he hid it well, he’d been deeply affected by the bad blood between his wife and son.

Then the mask went back up, the pain on his face replaced with his earlier easy-going character. “Now, I on the other hand, am very easy to win over. I can give you some ideas if you need them.” He winked.

I laughed, letting go of the serious thoughts and emotions weighing on me. “I’ve already won you over.”

He feigned disappointment. “Damn. I’ve never had a good poker face.”

“But I bet you still win plenty of hands.”

“Shall we play later and find out?” He leaned toward me, his eyebrows raised suggestively. “Alone? In the guest house? Strip?”

I laughed again. “I’ll play in the main house, you dirty old man. With others present and all our clothing on.”

“You just killed all the fun.”

We were both laughing when Hudson appeared in the doorway of the house, his features appearing anxious at the sight of his father. “There you are.” He came behind me, and laid a firm hand on my shoulder. “I was worried and now I see I should have been.”

“I’m fine.” I placed my hand over his and craned my neck up to meet his eyes. “Jack’s been showing me around Mabel Shores. I’ve had an amazing time.”

Hudson’s tone was skeptical. “Then he hasn’t tried to come on to you?”

“No, he has.” I smiled over at Jack. “But we’re all good.”

Hudson moved around to sit next to me on the loveseat, resting his hand possessively on my knee.

As if challenged by his son’s marking of his territory, Jack said, “I’m telling you, Laynie, with age comes experience. If you really want an amazing time…”

Hudson’s grip tensed. “I don’t like this.”

Jack laughed, confirming my suspicion that he enjoyed toying with his son. “Relax, Hudson. It’s all in fun.”

I uncurled my legs and leaned into Hudson’s side, secretly thrilled with Hudson’s jealous show. “We’re fine, H. He knows I’m hopelessly devoted to you. Don’t you, Jack?”

“I do.” He paused, eyeing Hudson. “I wonder if my son does.”

Hudson didn’t respond, not with words anyway. But he gazed at me for several long seconds, perhaps attempting to discern exactly what had transpired between Jack and me. Or maybe he sensed that his father knew something he didn’t—that my emotions were genuinely growing deeper. That my fondness for him was real.

Whatever he decided, he pulled me closer into him and nuzzled his cheek against my head. He’d promised his actions in public would all be for the benefit of our audience, but this one felt different. Almost like he wanted to believe our relationship was real, too.





Chapter Eighteen





“Lunch is ready. Should I serve it out here?”

I twisted in Hudson’s arms to see who had spoken and saw an older woman in the doorway of the house. Her hair was completely gray, and her face had more wrinkles than Jack or Sophia, but I suspected she was near their age. She wiped her hands on the white apron she wore over her plain navy dress.

“Millie, you’re an angel,” Jack said. “Out here is a terrific idea.”

“I’ll let Adam and Chandler know they should join you.” It wasn’t quite a question, but I understood her statement gave the Pierce men a chance to object, which they didn’t.

A short time later, Adam and Chandler sat with us on the veranda enjoying a lunch of cold meat sandwiches, fruit salad, and lemonade. Even though it was simple, it was one of the best lunches I’d had in ages.

I waited until my curiosity couldn’t be contained any longer to ask why Sophia and Mira weren’t eating with us. Not that I wanted Sophia’s company, but I would have loved to spend time with Hudson’s sister.

“They’re out shopping for baby stuff,” Adam said in between bites of ham sandwich. He took a swallow of his lemonade. “Mira wanted to invite you. She looked for you before she left, but she couldn’t find you.”

“Darn. That must have been when we were touring the grounds. Sorry, Laynie.” Jack didn’t look at all remorseful.

My own response to the idea fell out unfiltered. “Fuck that. Like I’d go anywhere with Sophia, let alone shopping.” I covered my mouth with my hand. “Sorry!”

Chandler was the first to burst into laughter, joined a moment later by Jack and Adam. Even Hudson let out a chuckle.

“I’m totally with you there,” Adam said when he could speak.

“I think Mom feels the same way about you,” Chandler said, putting his feet up on the edge of the table. “She seemed to be glad when Mira couldn’t find you.”

“Chandler.” Hudson’s tone was a warning.

“It’s okay, H.” I put a hand on his thigh, careful not to let everyone see how much I enjoyed feeling his tight muscles through the material of his slacks. “Your mother and I are a long way from friendly. It’s not a secret.”

Hudson nodded, but his brow furrowed. Did he really care that much about his mother’s opinion? Jack was right—that was too bad.

After lunch, Adam and Chandler corralled me into playing X-Box 360 with them in the media room. Hudson spread out on the couch near us, his thick reports and folders taking up most of the sofa while he worked on his laptop. Eventually Jack brought out a deck of cards and we played poker using pistachios for chips. As I’d suspected, Jack won a great deal of the time, though Chandler also had a surprising knack for the game.

After losing all of my pistachios in a bluff that Chandler called me on, I stretched and looked over at Hudson. Even though he hadn’t participated in our games, I never forgot he was near, his presence invading every part of my body like a constant electric pulse. Occasionally when I glanced over at him, which happened often, I saw he was already staring. It was our own game of secret foreplay—looking at each other, undressing each other with our eyes. Later, I knew, he’d make good on the promises in his sexy stare.

This time, his eyes were glued to his screen, his glasses resting low on his nose while his fingers moved on the keyboard at a pace that suggested he was thinking as he typed. I crossed behind him and leaned down to rest my chin in the crook of his neck, wrapping my arms around him.

At my touch, Hudson lifted a hand from his computer and patted my arm. “Game over?”

“For me.” I pulled to a standing position and rubbed my hands along his shoulders. “Wow, H. You’re tense.” He sighed as I massaged my fingers into the knots of his back. “What’s getting you stressed out?” I hoped it wasn’t our girlfriend/boyfriend show, though his tight muscles could have been attributed to the activities of the night before. The man had performed some moves that had to have required a great deal of strength.

“This situation with Plexis.” He paused and I knew he was deciding whether to say more or not. It wasn’t in his nature to share, but I’d thought I convinced him that he could talk business with me. I continued working his back as I waited, giving him a chance to continue.

My patience was rewarded. “The board is moving to sell. I need to come up with an attractive proposal to convince them it’s more profitable to keep the company.”

Even though he couldn’t see me, I nodded. I studied the screen over his head, enjoying the quiet moans that escaped from his throat as I massaged his tension away. “You’re redistributing production?” I asked. But I didn’t need his answer. I could see from what he’d entered that he was. “You’d make a whole lot more if you moved those North America lines to your Indonesia plant. You’re far from capacity there.”

“Oh, you’re one of those types who resort to taking jobs away from American people to cut costs.”

“Not usually,” I said, balling my hand into a fist to push into the rock under Hudson’s shoulder blade. “But you’re going to lose all your USA jobs if you don’t do something, right? Losing a few is better than losing them all.”

“Yes,” he admitted.

I smiled as he changed his data to implement my suggestion, giddy that I’d offered an idea that he’d accepted. Throwing a bit more back into my hands, I felt Hudson’s tight muscle close to releasing. “Take a deep breath.” He did and I pushed once more into his knot, feeling it loosen as I did.

“Thanks,” he said, slightly awed, rolling his shoulders.

I shook my hands out. “You’re welcome.”

Returning my focus to Hudson’s work I noticed the technical specifications sheet of a new product on the pile next to him. “Besides,” I said, reaching to grab the piece of paper, “if you start producing this energy efficient bulb in the American plant in its place, you’ll maintain those jobs and save money with that new tax law. Plus you’ll get a tax break for employing Americans.”

Hudson shook his head. “That law only benefits new companies.”

“No, it benefits any product that hasn’t been produced in the U.S. before, new company or not.”

“I don’t think that’s correct.”

I’d led an entire seminar on the new tax code my last semester at Stern. I knew what I was talking about. His opposition was a challenge. “Do you have a copy of the current tax code?”

“On my Kindle. Under there somewhere.” Hudson nodded his head at the stacks of reports sitting next to him.

I moved around the couch and started to dig through his piles in search of the device. “Wouldn’t you be more comfortable at a table?”

Without looking at me his lips curved slightly as he said, “I wanted to be near you.”

His answer surprised me. The other men in the room weren’t paying attention to us. He hadn’t said it for them. He’d meant it.

“I like being near you, too,” I said, when I recovered enough to speak. I didn’t look at him, hiding the blush from my admission while searching for the Kindle. After I found it, I quickly looked up the law I was referring to and handed the proof to Hudson.

“Well, well,” he said after he read it. “Looks like you’re onto something here.”

He started to hand the Kindle back to me, but paused, studying me.

I couldn’t interpret the meaning, but the intensity of his gaze made my chest tight and my thighs warm. “What?”

He shook his head. “Nothing.” Passing the Kindle to me, he asked, “Would you mind sharing your thoughts on the rest of my proposal?”

My heart sped up, delighted at the invitation. From what I’d learned about Hudson, inviting his girlfriend—or woman he was sleeping with, anyway—to work on a business project with him was not his typical mode of operation. It was new territory for him, which made it exactly the territory I enjoyed charting most.

We spent the rest of the afternoon working together, Hudson bouncing ideas off of me as I researched further information when he needed it. While I’d always enjoyed the world of business, I hadn’t thought it could be so fun, hence the reason I’d chosen to manage a nightclub rather than to pursue an office job. But now an office job seemed rather appealing. Especially if that job included working side by side with Hudson Pierce. Though, with all the accidental brushes and searing looks we exchanged, I doubted we could manage working together for a prolonged period of time without losing most of our clothing.

But, really, that only made the job sound more appealing.

The savory aroma of a roast wafting from the kitchen wing caused my stomach to growl. I stretched. “Is it close to dinnertime?”

Behind me, Mira answered. “I was just coming to tell you dinner is served.”

“I didn’t realize you were home. When did you get back?”

“A few minutes ago. Mom has a headache but everyone else is already waiting in the dining room.”

“A headache, huh?” I eyed Hudson. I was beginning to suspect Sophia was avoiding me. How had the conversation in the kitchen ended that morning? Had Hudson won the battle, giving me reprieve of his mother’s nastiness?

“She’s known to get them from time to time.” His expression was tight, giving nothing away. Which told me everything I needed to know. I’d have to repay him later for the kindness.

After supper, Chandler left to meet friends and the rest of us headed back to the media room. Hudson got back on his laptop and I assumed he was diving back into work. Instead he handed his laptop to me. “All right, Alayna. Tell me something you need to see off your list and we’ll download it from iTunes.”

Puzzled, I took his laptop and found he’d loaded up the AFI list of best movies. I tried not to grin too wide, not wanting to seem too surprised because he remembered my goal to watch all the titles on the list. He was my “boyfriend,” after all. He should have remembered.

But he really wasn’t my boyfriend, and I found the gesture oddly touching.

“Are you going to watch it, too?” I asked, suddenly worried he meant to keep working on his Plexis dilemma without me.

“I am.” He’d already begun packing away his reports into his briefcase as he spoke.

I chose Midnight Cowboy after discovering Hudson hadn’t seen it either. Adam took care of setting up the movie then settled into one side of the couch with Mira. After Hudson cleaned up his area, he patted the seat next to him, his arm outstretched and inviting. Gladly, I sank into the sofa next to him, cuddling into his warm embrace.

The American Film Institute named Midnight Cowboy as number forty-three on their Top One Hundred. But watching it snuggled with Hudson—it was my new number one.

When it was over we all went our separate ways for the night. In our bedroom, Hudson sat on the bed, fully dressed, and pulled out his laptop again.

Though he’d relinquished his computer during the movie, content to hold me and to snack on microwave popcorn, he’d worked most of the day. I studied him, his intense features appearing tired. We’d stayed up late the night before, and I didn’t know what time he woke before bringing up breakfast. I wouldn’t be surprised to find he’d been buried in work then too. “H, you’re a workaholic. Are you going to be at it all night?”

He grinned though his eyes never left the screen. “Oh, precious, work is not what I’ll be at all night. But I need a few minutes to send this new proposal to the board before I can devote my attention to you. Do you mind?”

“Take your time. I’ll get ready for bed.” I lowered the lights as he had the night before, then took advantage of his distraction and retrieved the sexy nightie I’d brought with me before slipping into the bathroom.

I didn’t hurry as I undressed, taking the opportunity to shave and apply lotion before slipping on the red lace halter baby-doll I’d purchased on Friday afternoon. The halter-top accentuated my breasts, an area of my body that Hudson appreciated. I removed the ponytail holder from my hair and let it spill around my shoulders in a seductive mess. I brushed my teeth and applied a thin layer of strawberry lip gloss.

When I was satisfied with my appearance, I opened the door to the bedroom and posed in the doorway, waiting for Hudson’s reaction.

I was met with quiet snoring.

With his hands still propped on his open laptop, Hudson had fallen asleep, fully dressed. I sighed, debating how to address the situation. Of course I wanted him awake, but he wouldn’t have fallen asleep like that if he wasn’t truly worn out. Plus, I had to remind myself, night was my time of day—not his.

Gently, I slipped the computer from his grasp and placed it on the nightstand. The movement didn’t disturb him in the least—he was out. I decided to let him sleep, but as for myself, I wasn’t in the least bit tired. I wondered if Jack was still awake—maybe we could play another round of poker, though being alone with the man wasn’t entirely a great idea. I peered out the window and saw the guesthouse was dark. Probably for the best.

The pool sprawled below my window though, and suddenly a midnight swim sounded heavenly. I traded my lingerie for a string bikini, threw on my robe, and grabbed a towel. Then I slipped on my flip-flops and turned off all the lights before venturing down to the grounds.

The pool was heated and felt amazing—exactly what I’d needed. I hadn’t been for a swim in months, since I’d let my gym membership expire earlier in the year. And I had the place to myself—perfection.

I pushed myself through thirty serious laps before relaxing into a dozen or so at a leisurely pace. Then I sat on the step in the shallow end of the pool, letting my heart rate return to normal while lazing in the warm water.

“Where’s Hudson?” Sophia’s voice startled me from my reverie.

I shifted in my spot and found her standing behind me, dressed in the same robe she’d worn the night before, and, again, a glass of amber liquid in her hand. I wondered if she was a heavy drinker or if my being in her home brought it on.

“He’s…he fell asleep.” I climbed out of the pool and reached for my towel, feeling small in her presence. She had that effect on me in general, but also I hadn’t asked anyone if I could use the pool and I worried I’d taken advantage of my host’s hospitality. Although, Sophia hadn’t been hospitable in the least, so perhaps it was a moot concern.

I faced away from her as I toweled off, but I heard her take a seat in a deck chair behind me. “He doesn’t love you, you know?”

I’d heard her, but didn’t trust my ears. I turned to meet her narrow eyes. “Pardon me?”

“He can’t.” She swirled the liquid in her glass as she spoke, her tone laced with pain. “He’s incapable.”

Incapable. That was exactly what Hudson had said. Had it been his mother who had forced him to embrace such an idiotic idea about himself? The earlier hostility I’d felt toward her when I’d listened at the kitchen door returned and spilled like poison from my lips. “Maybe you’re projecting your own incapability of emotion.”

Her voice grew colder, but remained steady, in control. “Your words can’t touch me, Ms. Withers. This is my house, Hudson is my son. I’m the one in power here.”

“Fuck you.”

She smiled. “He’s had years of therapy. Extensive therapy.”

So have I. I threw my towel down and wrapped my robe around me, taking the time to make sure my tone was as level as hers when I spoke again. “He’s told me.”

“Has he? But he hasn’t shared the details.” She leaned forward, her eyes catching one of the outdoor lights, causing them to glow red. She couldn’t have looked nastier if she’d tried. “If he had, you’d know he can’t love anyone. He’s sociopathic. Diagnosed at age twenty.”

She surprised me, the lack of strength in my response telling her as much. “Hudson’s not a sociopath.” Was he?

“He’s deceitful and manipulative, egocentric, grandiose, glib and superficial. Incapable of remorse. He engages in casual and impersonal sexual relationships.” She ticked off traits easily, as if they always bubbled right there at the surface of her consciousness. “Look it up—he fits the definition to a tee. He has no concern for others’ feelings. He can’t love anyone.”

“I don’t believe that.” But my voice cracked.

“You’re extremely naïve.”

“You’re an extreme bitch.” I gathered my towel in my arms and slipped on my flip-flops, needing to be away from her and her horrible accusations. But her words had already done their job. I doubted, and she knew it.

“He’s only with you for the sex.” She stood, blocking me from the path to the house. “You’re attractive.” Her eyes skidded down to my bosom. “And clearly his type. He seems to like fucking buxom brunettes the most.”

I had nothing to say in my defense. He’d told me our relationship was only sex. I was aware enough of my obligations to my on-duty job, though, and I spoke as if we were a real couple. “If it was just sex, he’d never bring me to meet you.”

Her smile widened. “That’s an added bonus for him. He can rile me up and get his kicks with you all at once. It really has nothing to do with you. It’s about me and my son.” She took a step toward me, and it took all my strength not to cower. “You, Ms. Withers, are insignificant.”

I wanted to believe that I would have slapped her or pushed her into the pool—she deserved either, both really. But our confrontation was interrupted by Chandler and four other teenage boys boisterously entering the pool area, dressed in swim trunks and carrying towels.

“Mom?” Chandler said upon seeing his mother’s back. Sophia stepped aside and he met my eyes. “Laynie,” he said, surprised to see me or perhaps recognizing the stricken look that I must have worn. “I didn’t know anyone else was out here.”

“Alayna and I were getting to know each other.” Sophia switched gears as easily as Hudson.

Chandler cocked a brow skeptically.

I used the boys’ intrusion to escape. “The pool’s all yours. I’m done here.” Without looking back, I hurried into the house through the kitchen and up to the east wing, not stopping until I was outside our bedroom doors.

Then the tears fell, thick and heavy. I leaned against the wall, and slid down to a sitting position, unable to stand in the weight of my grief. So many emotions and thoughts warred for top billing. Sophia’s insults had hurt, but what pained me most was the possibility that she was right.

What had I seen to show me differently? We’d had instances—Hudson and I—where I believed he truly cared, that he felt more for me than physical attraction, but had I imagined them? I had my own history of making meaningless moments carry heavier weight than they were meant to.

And her description of a sociopath did fit Hudson. I didn’t need to look up the definition—I’d been in enough group therapy sessions to be familiar with the signs. But I’d never associated Hudson with the definition until Sophia had pointed it out. Had I purposefully ignored the connection?

Or was Sophia wrong?

I’d had therapists misdiagnose me early on in my therapy. And Brian’s understanding of my problems was way off base. What if Hudson believed the worst about himself because Sophia had believed it? Maybe he’d never had a chance to prove her wrong.

Maybe that’s what I was—a chance.

The possibility calmed me, though I was smart enough to realize its improbability.

I wiped my face with my damp towel and pushed myself up from the ground. Taking a deep breath I pushed open the door as quietly as I could.

“Alayna?” I heard Hudson reach to switch on the bedside lamp. “Is that you?”

“Yeah.” I turned toward the door as I closed it, giving myself a minute to compose myself. “I wasn’t tired, so I went for a swim.” I took a deep breath then plastered a smile on my face before facing him.

“Good, I’m glad you…” He leaned forward, his body tense. “Hey, what’s wrong?”

“Nothing.” Was I that transparent? I couldn’t talk to him—not now.

“Your eyes are red. You’ve been crying.”

“No, no. The chlorine. Bothers my eyes.” I rubbed at my puffy eyes hoping to accentuate my point.

He tilted his head, as if deciding whether I was being honest with him.

I couldn’t take his scrutiny. If he pressed, I’d break, and I needed to settle my emotions about him and his mother’s claims before I spoke with him about them. What would he say anyway? He’d either deny it or he wouldn’t. If he denied it, could I trust him? If he didn’t deny it, could I trust that?

Searching for an escape, I said, “Um, I’m going to jump in the shower.”

“I’ll join you.”

I didn’t argue. But we didn’t speak as we entered the bathroom and undressed, Hudson helping me untie the back of my bikini top before he worked to remove his own clothing. I hung my wet suit on the edge of the tub and climbed into the shower, adjusting the temperature until it was near scalding.

When Hudson joined me, his penis already semi-erect, longing overcame me. I didn’t know all the truth about Hudson, and I did know many damning truths about myself. But faced with his naked hard body and the awareness that—whether or not he could love me—he could make me feel better, at least for the moment, I pulled him toward me urgently, claiming his mouth with a hunger I’d never experienced.

“Alayna?” He pulled away, his hands firmly grasped on my shoulders. “Something’s wrong. Tell me.”

“I’m fine. I just…” I loved him. That was why I was torn up over everything Sophia had said. I loved him and I wanted—needed—to believe Hudson could love me too.

Not able to say those words—not yet—I settled for another version of the truth. “I need you.”

He knew I was hiding something, but he nodded. “I’m here, precious.” Then he took over, fulfilling me in ways only he could, satisfying me as deeply as he was able.

I lost myself to it, letting myself forget that he might never be able to love me in any way but this—with his mouth and tongue and cock.

Maybe it could be enough.





Chapter Nineteen





I woke early, aware of Hudson working behind me in the bed, again on his laptop. But I didn’t let on that I was awake, allowing myself to process the events of the night before.

Maybe because it was a fresh day, or perhaps because I wasn’t face-to-face with Sophia, the facts didn’t seem as overwhelming as they had. The truth was, whatever the reality of our relationship, it didn’t change the fact that I was in love with Hudson Pierce. And being in love with Hudson Pierce put me on his side, whether he was capable of returning my feelings or not. His side meant proving to Sophia that her son was not the unfeeling sociopath that she believed he was, a task that might very well be impossible, but I resolved to give it my best shot. After all, that was the job I’d been hired to do.

And, if I played it right, the work might even be enjoyable.

Determined, I stretched, sat up against the bed frame, and leaned into Hudson. I needed to get him out of his computer and on board.

“Good morning, precious.” He glanced over, his eyes pausing on my bare breasts before he returned his focus to the screen, a twinkle in his eyes. “Did you get enough sleep?”

“I did.” The alarm clock on the nightstand read a few minutes past eight. It was early for me, but I felt rested, adapting somewhat to his traditional sleep schedule.

Hudson still in bed at that time of morning was what was surprising, even awake and working. I’d learned during our get-to-know you game that he usually got up around six. I suspected that this morning he lingered because of my behavior the evening before. He’d sensed my distress and he cared that I felt that way. Didn’t that show capability of love?

Now wasn’t the time to analyze. I filed it away to ponder later.

I skimmed his shoulder with my lips, running my fingers through the soft hair at the base of his neck. “Hudson? Are you going to work all day?”

He stopped typing and rubbed his rough chin against the side of my forehead. “Does my working bother you?”

“Not really. But I was thinking...” I took a deep breath then plunged in. “I didn’t really see your mother yesterday. Shouldn’t we try to spend some time with her today?”

He tensed. “I don’t know if that’s necessary.”

I had guessed he was keeping his mother and I apart on purpose, that he meant to control the animosity between us. While I appreciated the gesture, it was counterproductive. We’d come to the Hamptons because of her. “Isn’t she the person we need to be impressing with our fabulous relationship sham?”

“Being here together is enough.” He straightened his head and returned to his screen, the matter settled in his mind.

But it wasn’t settled for me. I moved to kneel in front of him, demanding his attention. “No, it’s not enough.” He lifted his eyes to meet mine. “I think we should go at her gangbusters. Throw ourselves in her face. You need to ignore your work to make it really convincing, though. Show her that you’re so in love you can’t even concentrate on business. You can only think of me.”

Hudson rubbed a hand over his stubbly face and shook his head.

“What? Not a good idea?”

He shrugged. “It could be a good idea.” He closed the lid of his laptop and placed it on the nightstand. “But do you really want to spend time with my mother? She can be...”

“A total bitch?”

“I was going to say abrasive, but your words fit as well.”

Of course I didn’t want to spend time with Sophia. But I’d realized that she hated me even more than I hated her. Spending time with her would bring more misery to her than to me. “It’s only two more days. I can handle it.”

Hudson reached a hand out to cup my cheek. “You’re pretty incredible, you know?” His eyes wandered down. “Actually, I’m finding it hard to concentrate on anything but your beautiful naked breasts.”

He pulled me in for a kiss, licking his tongue greedily into my mouth.

When his hand circled around my breast, I pulled away. “No, no, no. We can’t stay locked up in here all morning. We have to be downstairs, in the public eye. Or the Sophia eye, anyway. What time is breakfast?”

He sighed. “Eight-thirty.”

“Damn, I’ll have to shower afterward then.” I hopped out of bed and began rummaging for clothes in my suitcase. “Hope no one minds me smelling like sweat and sex.”

Hudson crossed to his own suitcase. “I’m not going to complain.”

As I pulled out an outfit, I remembered the night at the symphony, how Hudson reacted to my hand on his thigh. “I’m warning you right now—I’m playing this full out.” I slipped on some pink panties. “Expect lots of fondling and touching and kissing and such.” A pair of tan shorts followed.

Hudson dressed quickly too, pulling on a pair of jeans, not bothering with underwear. “Thank you for the warning. Though it should probably be me that initiates most of the fondling and touching and kissing and such.” He paused to pull a plain dark t-shirt over his head. “Since it’s my emotions we’re trying to convince her of, not yours.”

I stilled. Did he know my emotions ran deeper? Was he trying to hint that he knew?

No, I was reading too much into his words. I reached behind my back to clasp my bra. “Good point.” I turned to face him. “But can you bring it?”

“Are you challenging me?”

“If it helps.” I pulled a blue sleeveless blouse over my head.

“I don’t need a challenge. I can totally bring it.”

I slipped my feet into flip-flops and swallowed back a laugh, his words sounding so out of character. When I’d composed myself, I met his eyes. “Game on, then?”

“Game on.”

God, he was adorable.

Arriving to an empty dining room, we sauntered into the kitchen where Millie promptly pointed us to the veranda before hustling to get together plates and utensils for us. Hudson took my hand, lacing his fingers through mine and squeezed, a silent reassurance before we stepped onto the battlefield. Then he pulled me outside through the open French doors where we found Mira, Adam, Jack and Sophia already dining on eggs, potato casserole, ham and fruit cups. Chandler, I guessed, was sleeping in after his late night adventure. He was a teenager, hardly expected to be out of bed before noon.

Sophia noticed us first. “Well, well. They managed to leave the bedroom.”

Mira’s expression turned puzzled then embarrassed when she saw us. “Mom!”

Adam mumbled a half-hearted greeting, consumed with whatever he was reading on his phone. Jack nodded at us, adding a wink, then sat back in his chair as if about to watch something entertaining.

Sophia set her fork down and dabbed at her lips with a napkin. “It’s a fair observation. I didn’t expect them down this early.” Her eyes bore into me. “Especially when Alayna was up so late swimming.” It was meant to be a reminder. I’m in control. You’re insignificant.

I fidgeted as Hudson stole a glance at me, probably piecing together that my mood the night before had been because of Sophia. She knew I hadn’t told him about our conversation—if I had, Hudson and I would have likely been out the door first thing that morning. She had gambled, and had won the hand. But I still had cards to play.

I kept my features even and lifted my chin slightly. “Hudson and I wanted to make sure we got to spend some time with you.” My words spread like honey, but underneath they were hot pepper. “Are you feeling up to it? I mean, you were up late, too. And you had that nasty headache.”

“You’d have fewer of those if you’d lay off the sauce,” Jack jabbed.

Sophia ignored her husband. “I am feeling better. Thank you.” Her stiff tone belied her insincerity. “And I never turn down time with my son. Please, join us.”

On cue, Millie set two more place settings and Hudson pulled two chairs closer to the table, Mira and Adam already occupying the loveseat. By the time I sat, spread a napkin on my lap, and accepted a mug of coffee from Hudson, a plate of hot breakfast had been placed in front of me.

We ate in silence for several minutes, the usual noises of dining the only sound. Hudson and I exchanged several looks, both of us eager to demonstrate our supposed romance, neither of us knowing how. Under the table, my knee bounced with anxiety until he stilled it with a firm hand. He kept his hand there, resting while we continued eating, my skin tingling under his touch.

I closed my eyes and drew in a breath. The smell of summer flowers wafted through the air, the breeze warm and pleasant. It was a gorgeous day in a beautiful setting, and the atmosphere relaxed me enough to break the quiet. “So.” I waited until all eyes were on me to continue. “What’s on the agenda for the day?”

Mira beamed as if grateful for conversation. “Adam and I want to hit the beach. Don’t we, sweetie?”

“Uh huh,” Adam mumbled without looking up from his phone. What was with the men around here? Always sucked into their electronics.

If Mira minded Adam’s distraction, she didn’t show it. “It’s perfect weather for it. We can relax and soak up some rays. Millie could pack us a lunch. Want to come with us?”

I’d been in the Pierce estate for more than a day and still hadn’t ventured down to the ocean at the edge of the Hampton property. The beach sounded wonderful. “I’m up for it. Hudson?”

Hudson grinned a little too wide, but I was probably the only one who noticed. “Wherever you are, baby, I’m there.”

I surprised myself by not cringing at his choice of endearment.

“Hudson, you’ll get sand in your computer,” Sophia said. “And we don’t get great Wi-Fi down there. Wouldn’t you rather work up here?” Her assumption that Hudson would spend the day working fit right into my scheme. Now, would he follow through with his part? He’d never quite agreed.

He set his fork down and looked directly at Sophia. “Actually, I’m not doing any work today, Mother.” He moved his hand from under the table to my neck, stroking gently under my hair. “I promised Laynie I’d give her my full attention for the rest of our trip.”

I would have preferred that he’d played it like he couldn’t even concentrate on work because of me, but, besides his version being much more believable, his use of my nickname was perfect. Even Adam looked up long enough to exchange a surprised look with his wife.

Sophia’s reaction, though, was priceless. She gaped.

As much as I would have liked to take in every second of Sophia’s shock, I slid my focus to Hudson. “Thank you, H.” My gratitude extended deeper than the superficial show we were performing. I appreciated that he’d listened to my suggestions, that he heard me and then acted on it.

Hudson’s deep gray eyes erased our spectators from my view. “It’s nothing,” he murmured. “You’re worth it.” Was his response as genuine as my thanks? Or was he just an excellent actor?

“Mom? Join us at the beach?” Mira practically bounced in her seat, the idea of a family outing right up her alley.

Sophia’s expression was unchanging, her voice level. “Sure. Why not?”

Jack guffawed. “Sophia spending the day in the sand? This I have to see.”

Again Sophia ignored her husband, but Jack seemed pleased all the same.

“Adam,” Mira elbowed her husband in the ribs. “Go wake up Chandler. We can take the Jet Ski out.”

“Uh, okay.” Adam stuffed his phone into the pocket of his khaki carpenter pants, crumpled his napkin into a ball, and stood, appearing grateful for the excuse to leave. It occurred to me that I’d never seen him around Sophia. Perhaps he had buried himself in his phone to avoid interacting with her. Smart.

Mira turned her attention to Jack. “And Dad, if you wear a thong again, I swear to God…”

“Fine.” He leaned back in his chair. “I’ll dress like an old man. But only for you, ladybug.”

While her family conversed around her, Sophia sat solemnly, her eyes calculating. At least, that’s how I interpreted her narrow gaze, fixed at nothing in particular on the table in front of her, her hands laced together.

“Hudson,” she said finally. “The Werners are arriving at their Hampton house this evening.”

“That’s nice.” He poked at what was left of his ham with his fork, his features even. “Why are you telling me this?”

I put my hand on Hudson’s knee, bracing myself for where this conversation was going.

“Celia’s coming, too.” And there it was—Sophia’s bombshell. “I know how long it’s been since you’ve gotten to spend time together so I invited her for brunch tomorrow.”

Hudson’s face was steel, his jaw tight as he set his fork down with a noisy clink.

I imagined my heart plummeting through my chest, landing in my stomach with the same clink. Celia was a weak spot for me. She fueled my jealousy in ways that were absurd and unreasonable but real nonetheless. To keep from betraying my emotions, I bit my lip. Hard.

Mira’s face went red. “Mom! Why would you do that?”

Jack, who had rolled his eyes at Sophia’s announcement, now leaned toward his daughter, his arm resting on his knee. “Honestly, Mira, does this type of behavior from your mother surprise you?”

Sophia’s eyebrows raised in mock innocence. “What did I do?”

Mira groaned in response. Hudson remained silent, anger rolling off his body in waves.

Sophia either delighted in her son’s rage or didn’t recognize it. “Anyway, we’ve been talking about redecorating the main rooms. I figured this was a great opportunity for her to show us some ideas while catching up with her dear friend.” She turned up her sickening sweet smile. “Alayna, you’ve met Celia. Did you know that she did all the decorating for Hudson’s offices and penthouse?”

I glanced at Hudson who was barely containing his fury. “I did.”

I took a sip of coffee, preparing my next words. The loft above his office wasn’t where Hudson lived. I’d never been to his penthouse, but, of course, Sophia assumed I had. Anything I said I’d have to phrase carefully. “Celia’s got excellent taste. I think she managed to capture Hudson’s style quite well in both his living and working space.” It was true of his office and the loft, anyway. Hopefully it held about his penthouse.

“Which is your favorite room?”

“Sophia.” Jack’s tone was a warning.

Hudson tensed beside me, and I shoveled a mouthful of eggs into my mouth to stall. He’d hinted that he never took women to his penthouse, which had seemed like a good safety net for me—I couldn’t stalk a man’s house if I didn’t know where it was. But did Sophia know he didn’t take women there? Was she trying to trap me or was I being paranoid?

And underneath the concern of responding correctly was the punch of jealousy: Celia had been in Hudson’s private home. She had to have been if she had done the interior design.

I swallowed the bitter sting with my eggs and gave Sophia the only answer I could, lame as it was. “Oh, I love all of it. I could never pick one room.”

Hudson took my hand that still rested on his knee and laced it in his. “Didn’t you tell me you liked the library the best?”

Thank god. He’d cooled himself enough to throw me a line.

“Only because it has books.” Of course I’d love the library, being an avid reader.

Sophia’s smile was smug. “He barely has any books at all.”

Leave it to Hudson to have a library with no books.

He cleared his throat. “Actually, we’re working on improving that.” I exchanged a glance with him that I hoped expressed my thanks. “Alayna loves books so I’ve purchased quite a few since we’ve met. You haven’t been there in a while, Mother.”

“I haven’t been invited.”

“Since when has that stopped you?” This time Jack’s comment earned a scowl from his wife. He answered it with an innocent shrug.

Sophia turned her attention back to me. “Are you officially living together then?”

“No,” I said as Hudson said, “Yes.”

I met his eyes, one brow raised. Saying I lived with him was a pretty big lie not to discuss with me first. Talk about bringing it on.

His eyes pierced into mine. “But you practically are. Once your lease is up, next month. Or have you changed your mind?”

A bubble of uncontrolled excitement rose in my chest. For a moment, it felt real, like he was asking me to be that in his life.

It wasn’t real, though. What it was instead was an excellent move on Hudson’s part, one sure to rile up his mother. I couldn’t wreck it.

I swallowed then smiled shyly. “No, I haven’t changed my mind. I just didn’t realize we were telling your family, yet.”

“Hell, I’m telling everyone.” He practically beamed. God, he was good. “It’s the best thing to ever happen to me.”

Jack nodded, a twinkle in his eye. “I think it’s terrific.”

Sophia turned to her spouse and frowned. “Why are you here anyway, Jack? You haven’t vacationed with us in years.”

“Mira invited me.”

“Hudson was coming and it’s been so long since we’ve had the whole family together.” Mira’s intentions were the best. How had she lived in this family all her life without realizing it could never be the Brady Bunch she longed for? I’d known them all for only a minute and recognized dysfunction like a big neon sign.

Then, speaking of dysfunction, Mira asked, “What’s your family like, Laynie? Are you close?”

I took a deep breath. “Actually, no. My parents passed away in a drunk driving accident when I was sixteen. My brother looked after me, but now we’re…” I hadn’t said the word aloud to anyone yet, but it was honest and it needed to be said. “Estranged.”

“Oh, no!” Mira clasped her hand to her mouth.

Hudson stayed silent, but he raised a brow as he unlaced his hand from mine and rubbed it soothingly across my back. He knew Brian had been trying to contact me, probably realized the estrangement was a recent thing.

Jack shook his head slowly and tsked. “I hope that drunk was held accountable, at least.” I swear he looked at Sophia when he said the word “drunk.”

It was an opportunity to lie. I had before when people had asked, but I wanted to say it now, whether to shock or gain sympathy, I didn’t know. “You could say so. The drunk was my father. He was a full-time alcoholic, actually.”

“I’m sorry,” Jack said softly. “I didn’t realize.”

My eyes glistened. “It was years ago. I’ve learned to accept it.”

I couldn’t look at Hudson. I hadn’t told him anything about my parents, but if he had looked hard enough to find my restraining orders, he likely already knew. I couldn’t bear to see him look at me with pity.

“Less than ideal pasts,” Hudson said, loud enough for everyone to hear, but gentle all the same, his fingers continuing their sweeping pattern across my back. “It’s something Alayna and I have in common.”

I turned to him and found his gaze absent of pity. Instead it held understanding. More and more I realized that I was special to him because of this unique recognition he saw in me. Were we really that alike?

“I don’t like what you’re implying,” Sophia snarled.

“I’m not implying anything, Mother. I’m stating an unattractive fact.”

“Keep your unattractive facts to yourself for the rest of the day, will you?” The fury in her tone was unmasked. She scooted her chair out and stood from the table. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to prepare for our beach outing.”

With every card we’d played throughout the meal, Hudson had wounded her with one brief comment, the evidence plain in her expression.

I snuck a victory smile at Hudson, which he returned with equal delight shining in his eyes. This round had gone to us.





Chapter Twenty





Round two began almost two hours later on the sands of the private beach below Mabel Shores. It took over an hour to change and load up the beach chairs and Jet Skis from the storage shed into the back of the Ford Raptor the family used to drive the half mile down the hill to the beach. Millie also made a lunch for later and packed a cooler with beverages.

Sophia was mellow when we arrived at the beach, choosing to doze while the rest of us finished setting up our chairs and other items. By the time I was lounging next to Hudson under a big rainbow colored umbrella, I’d convinced myself that I could relax and enjoy the warm breeze and rhythmic sound of the waves rolling on the sand.

The idea of quiet serenity disappeared when Adam and Chandler suggested a game of beach volleyball.

“Alayna?” Hudson looked up from his Kindle. “We could be a team.”

“You play?” I’d been about ready to move my lounge chair into the sun and try to get a cancer-causing tan, but I could be talked into some friendly competition.

He scowled at me, a challenge glinting in his eyes. “Don’t act so surprised. I’m very skilled.”

I could tell from his tone that he was, and as competitive as I knew a man of his success had to be, I imagined he was quite good.

“He rarely loses,” Jack confirmed, returning from an ocean swim. He shook his long wet hair before taking a seat. “He takes after his old man.”

Hudson shook his head almost imperceptibly, not seeming to want to credit his father with any of his ability.

“Fantastic.” Sophia shifted in her seat, reminding everyone of her presence. “I’m trying to relax and you all are going to be noisy and wild and disturb the peace.”

“That’s what beaches are for,” Jack said over his shoulder, not bothering to look directly at his wife. “You could go back to the house if you don’t like it.”

Sophia’s opposition made my decision. “I’m in.” I pulled off my cover-up and began slathering sunscreen on the newly exposed areas of my body while Adam and Chandler attached the net to the permanent poles anchored in the sand.

“That’s your swimsuit?” Hudson grumbled beside me. “You’re practically naked. It’s going to distract the men playing.”

“Think of it as your secret weapon.”

“Except one of those men will be me.” He casually adjusted himself in his long navy swim shorts.

I shot him a smile, my insides melting at his obvious arousal. “Later, big boy.” And that was a promise. “Meanwhile, would you mind getting my back?”

I leaned forward and hugged my knees. Hudson took the lotion and sat in the space behind me, straddling me. I suppressed a moan as his hands applied the lotion, his fingers kneading longer and deeper into my skin than necessary.

“I love touching your skin,” he murmured near my ear, then nipped at my lobe, soothing it afterward with a smooth swipe of his tongue. It was an awfully sexual gesture, one I didn’t expect from him in the company of others. Either he’d upped his game or he was no longer finding it as easy to compartmentalize as he usually did.

I turned my head into him to see if I could read his face but stopped when I spotted his mother watching us, her eyes narrow slits of anger. So that was the reason behind his display. Satisfaction rose in my chest, but simultaneously I felt a wave of disappointment. Though I thoroughly enjoyed Sophia’s misery, our job had been to sway her to acceptance, not alienation. The task was impossible, I’d embraced that. But I knew Hudson hadn’t, and I hurt for the distress that his mother caused him.

“Net’s ready,” Adam declared, kicking a pile of sand toward us to make sure he had our attention.

Hudson stood and reached his hand out to help me up beside him. Once I was up, he didn’t let go, even as I pulled at my swimsuit bottoms with my other hand, relieving myself of the wedgie I’d gotten from sitting. All the while, I felt Sophia’s stare, knew I was on her radar. Soon, she’d fire. I sensed it.

“Dammit. I want to play,” Mira whined. “You know I’d be MVP.”

“Yes, baby, you would.” Adam bent down to rub her full belly protruding over the top of her bikini bottoms. “But you play rough, and that wouldn’t be good for little jellybean.”

“Yeah, you gotta protect my first grandchild,” Jack said proudly.

Sophia peered at her husband. “But she isn’t technically having the first grandchild, Jack.” She paused to ensure all ears were tuned to her. “Celia and Hudson’s baby claims that title.”

A whooshing sound filled my ears and I felt dizzy, as if on a tilt-o-whirl. Celia and Hudson’s baby. Why…what…?

My shock was magnified by Hudson’s reaction. He didn’t deny it. Instead, he tried to pull me closer. “Alayna,” he whispered.

“Sophia!” I heard Jack hiss. “How dare you compare that to Mira’s baby?”

Vaguely I was aware of Mira saying something, but I couldn’t make sense of anything except the cold disappointment that rattled in my bones. I had to get away, had to think, had to breathe. I pulled my hand from Hudson’s grasp and left, walking quickly down the beach, away from the Pierce family.

“Fuck you, Mother,” Hudson said behind me before I was out of earshot.

A baby. Hudson had a baby. With Celia. I couldn’t even grapple with trying to figure out where the baby was or what happened to it, too pained by the conception of a baby in the first place. It was ridiculous. He wasn’t mine, he never was. But a baby…merely another way he belonged to Celia. Belonged with Celia.

I kept walking when Hudson called after me. But I didn’t run from him when he jogged to catch up.

“I’m fine,” I said, forcing a smile. “I’m playing the part of a wounded girlfriend.”

He matched my stride, but didn’t try to touch me. “Then why are you crying?”

I’d hoped we didn’t have to acknowledge the tears spilling down my cheeks. I swiped at them with my palm, still holding my smile in place. “I’m just surprised.” My voice was tight despite the cheer I tried to inject in it. “I didn’t know you had slept with her.”

“I didn’t.”

“You obviously did.”

“No, my mother thinks I got Celia pregnant. I did not.”

His words stopped me, a bubble of hope forming inside. “And why is that?”

He ran his hand over his face before he answered. “Because when Celia got pregnant I told our parents I was the father.”

I folded my arms over my chest waiting for more, but he gave nothing. “Are you going to explain?”

“No.” He mirrored my stance. “It’s not relevant.”

I spun on my heels, walking faster this time. How did he expect me to be in this fucking fake relationship when I didn’t have all the information? Maybe I was only a pawn in his mind games. It was the only thing that made sense.

“Alayna, stop.”

He followed after, reaching for me. This time I pulled away.

“Stop!” He caught up to me and grabbed me firmly at the shoulders. He turned me to him. “I said, ‘stop!’”

”Why can’t you tell me?” My tears had turned to sobs.

“Why can’t you trust me?”

I let out a single laugh, maddened by the insanity of his request. “That’s funny—you asking me to trust you when you trust me with absolutely nothing.” I mean, what did I know about him? Besides his expertise in bed and a few random tidbits that I’d learned in one long car ride, he’d shared nothing.

His voice tightened. “You know more about me than most people.”

It felt like an accusation. That I knew that thing—the one thing he didn’t want anyone to know. But he hadn’t even been the one to tell me that. And it was only one detail of the complex makeup of Hudson Pierce.

“No,” I said, sticking my chin out defiantly. “I know one thing about you that most people don’t. It’s different.”

“It’s the only thing that matters.”

“Bullshit.” If he truly believed that…how could he be so blind to think that all that mattered about him were the mistakes of his past? It broke my heart and my voice cracked as I spoke. “There’s so much more to you than that.”

I wanted to touch him, to caress his face, to make him see. I stretched my hand tentatively toward him, but he stepped back.

“Obviously you do know me,” he spit out, “if you feel comfortable making that kind of statement.” His tone was nasty, sarcastic. He didn’t believe it. He was spinning my words, my meaning.

I turned away from him, processing. I did know things about him—things I’d discovered from spending time with him. I did believe there was more to him than the guy who manipulated women for sport. I saw it in him, felt it when he kissed me, and when he lay between my legs.

And if I really believed his sincerity in those moments, then I had to say I trusted him.

Which meant he was telling the truth now—he hadn’t fathered a baby with Celia. But then why would he tell his parents that he had?

The realization punched my stomach like a ton of bricks. “It’s because you love her, isn’t it?” Voicing it made the weight even heavier. “That’s why you told your parents it was your baby.”

“No!”

His defiant protest spun me back to face him. “There’s no other logical reason.” To assume such a huge responsibility for another person—that required an emotional connection. It was proof he wasn’t a sociopath—that he could care for someone at that level—but that was hardly comfort to me in that moment.

“Stop this, Alayna.” It was a command, a low even tone that I guessed few people argued with.

But I was determined to hear him confirm the truth that would kill me. “You’re in love with her.”

He threw his arms out emphatically. “For the love of God! If I am even capable of that emotion, Celia’s not the one I’d be…” He stopped himself, his jaw snapping shut.

Celia’s not the one…His words echoed in my ears like a song I loved to hear.

He stepped toward me. Cupping his hands at the sides of my face, he lifted my chin roughly toward him. “I’m not in love with Celia. I promised I’d be honest with you, Alayna, but it does no good if you don’t trust me.”

I was still reeling from his slip. Celia wasn’t the one he’d…what? Be in love with? Then who—with me?

But he wasn’t giving that away. For now, his almost statement was enough—it calmed my nerves and steadied my heart.

He smoothed the hair down behind my ear, and I stared into his gray eyes, noting a tenderness that I hadn’t seen earlier. “I’ve never slept with Celia.” His tone was soft but urgent. “I’m not in love with her. I didn’t get her pregnant. Trust me.” Even softer, even more urgent. “Please.”

“Okay.”

His brow creased in surprise. “Okay?”

“Okay, I trust you.”

“You do?”

I thought of how eager I’d been to have Brian’s trust, how disappointed I’d been when I realized I still didn’t. Hudson needed someone, needed me to believe in him. I should have been telling him every second. If I loved him, like I believed I did, then I’d have to do better at building him up.

I smiled at him. “I do.”

His body relaxed like a huge weight had been removed from his shoulders. “Thank you.” He kissed my forehead. “Thank you.”

I was absorbed with him in that space of time, but not so much as to not observe its oddity. We were holding each other close, exchanging assurances that portrayed us as more than casual lovers. What are we doing? I almost asked him; I felt the shape of the words on my tongue, but couldn’t locate the air to push them past my lips. Did he sense it too?

If he recognized it, he hid it from me, pulling my head down to his shoulder where I couldn’t look for it in his eyes. And that was fine. I enjoyed his embrace, the warmth and security it gave me, whatever it meant for us.

After the possibility of addressing the moment had passed, he said, “Look. My mother’s leaving.”

I pulled away to glance at the group we’d left behind. Sure enough, Sophia with her oversized sunhat was walking alone up the pathway toward the house. With her gone, it made the idea of rejoining the group more tolerable. “We should get back.”

“We should.” A hint of reluctance laced his tone and his eyes shifted to my lips. “We should kiss and make up first.” He’d already begun lowering his face to mine. “In case anyone’s watching.”

I didn’t have time to agree before one hand wrapped around the back of my neck and his tongue swept into my mouth. Unlike the majority of our kisses that were generally reserved for sex, this one was sweet and easy. That didn’t mean it lacked passion. Hudson sucked and licked and nibbled first at my top lip and then gave equal treatment to the bottom. Then his tongue was inside my mouth again, reaching and searching, circling mine in a lazy spiral.

He labeled it as a kiss for our distant spectators, but it was completely ours—a harmonic blending of him and me, so thoroughly fused I could no longer remember where he began, where I ended, whose taste belonged to who. And it was more—a love song without words, a promise without fear. It was a spark, a beginning of something new.

We parted hesitantly, both of us afraid to break the spell. Then, I slipped my hand in his and we returned to our roles as girlfriend and boyfriend.

Hudson changed after that, perhaps because Sophia had left, but I chose to believe it had more to do with the faith I had placed in him. He became playful and lighthearted. I witnessed it first in the volleyball match against Adam and Chandler. He skillfully dominated the game, as I was sure he dominated a boardroom. But in between plays he surprised me—giving me high fives and patting me lightly on the behind. It didn’t feel like he was putting on a show—there wasn’t any need to convince Adam and Chandler of our relationship.

I welcomed the development, embracing it perhaps too readily, the line between real and pretend blurring.

After we’d won two sets of volleyball, we took a spin on the Jet Skis—Hudson driving, me clutching to him tightly from behind. He rode confidently across the choppy water, and I thrilled at the speed and the closeness and how easy it was to just be with him.

And when we lost our balance and fell into the ocean, he clutched me to him and laughed then kissed me mercilessly before righting the Jet Ski and pulling me up behind him. “Again, precious?” he yelled over the motor.

“Again.”

Later, after we’d packed up and returned from the beach, we changed our clothes and went down for a BBQ on the veranda that included brats and dogs cooked by Jack. Sophia claimed another insufferable headache and only showed herself momentarily to say goodnight, though I suspected she really came down to fill her glass.

We finished the evening with several rounds of poker where Jack cleaned everyone out. Then Hudson and I headed to our bedroom, our eyes wandering along the landscapes of each other’s bodies as we climbed the stairs.

The door had barely shut behind us before Hudson had me caged to the wall, his body pressed against me as he took my lips in a hungry desperate kiss, probing and demanding with his tongue until I was gasping in his mouth. My head swam, my panties instantly drenched with arousal, but I summoned strength to push my palms firmly against his chest. “Hold on, Hudson,” I said, breathless.

“Dammit, Alayna, I have to be inside you. I can’t wait any longer.”

He moved in again, but I turned my head and his mouth found my jawline instead. “Soon, H.” I darted out under his arm. “Lower the lights like you did the other night.” I walked backward as I spoke until I hit the closet where we’d stowed our suitcases. Hudson had hung several items of clothing and put others into the dresser drawers, but I still hadn’t bothered to unpack. “Get settled in bed. Naked.” I winked.

“Oh, you’re taking charge,” he said, leaning on the wall with an outstretched arm. “How adorable.”

“Don’t patronize me.” I bent inside the closet to rifle for the red baby doll halter nightie he’d missed seeing me wear the night before. When I found it, I wadded it up in a tight ball so he couldn’t see it yet and took off for the bathroom.

“I’m not. I’m excited.” He rubbed along the crotch of his pants. “I’m already hard.”

My lip curled into a wicked grin. “Good. Now do as you were told.” I stopped in the door frame of the bathroom. “And don’t fall asleep!”

“Then don’t take forever in the bathroom.”

Grinning, I shut the door. Charged with nervous anticipation, I changed at lightning speed. The day had been beyond wonderful and real. It had been so long since I felt anything more than contentment, and with Hudson, I did. I was certain he did, too. We’d been falling together. And now I wanted to celebrate those feelings with my lover, acknowledging the depths of my emotions with my body even if I couldn’t yet express them in words.

I positioned my hair to fall around my shoulders, turned off the bathroom light then opened the door. The lights were low so I took a step forward where he could see me.

Hudson sat naked on top of the bed covers. His breath caught when he saw me. “Jesus, Alayna. You’re so goddamn beautiful.” He moved to a kneeling position. “I might have to let you wear that while I fuck you.”

I was used to his forward sex talk, but I blushed anyway.

“Come here,” he growled.

I started toward him then stopped. “Wait, I’m in control, remember?”

He sat back on his haunches and tilted his head. “Then take charge.”

Tingles spread from my belly throughout my body, turned on by the commanding way he relinquished his authority. He’d always dominated our sex, yet he was letting me take over, a choice that might even diminish the experience for him, though I hoped not. It added an element of pressure that I hadn’t expected, but also thrilled me.

“Sit back against the headboard.” My demand sounded stronger than I had expected.

Hudson grinned then did as I’d ordered.

Throwing my shoulders back to assume more confidence than I had—and, also to showcase my haltered bosom—I sauntered to the foot of the bed. Facing him, I climbed up and crawled toward him.

I kept my gaze on his face watching as his eyes flitted back and forth from my eyes to my breasts as I crept toward him. My hands trailed along his calves as I moved up him then swept past his knees to his firm thighs. I stopped at the base of his rock hard penis and dipped my head down, licking along the length with one swipe of my tongue.

Hudson’s pupils were hot coals of desire. “Do it again.”

It would have been natural for me to give in to his command, but I wasn’t ready to relinquish my dominance. “Maybe I will.”

His grin widened. He had been testing the hold on my control and I’d passed.

I dipped again, this time kissing along his head, my eyes never leaving his. I licked across the crown one more time, savoring the salty taste of him before I fed his erection past my lips into the warmth of my mouth.

He let out a groan. “Oh, precious, you suck me so good.”

I teased him, fondling and caressing his balls in one hand while I licked and sucked and cherished his dick with my mouth, never taking up a steady pace. Soon, he threaded his fingers through my hair and began to take over, holding my head still over his penis, as he bucked into my mouth, establishing the rhythm he craved.

I let him keep control for only a moment, treasuring the grunts and groans that accompanied his thrusts. Then I pulled at his arm to release his grip on my head, and raised my body, letting his cock fall from my mouth.

He moaned.

“You want more?” I teased. “You’ll have to wait.” I climbed further up his body and spread my legs to straddle his waist and felt his firm ridge knocking against my ass.

His eyes widened in curiosity.

I spread my palms across his bare torso and leaned down to take his mouth. His kiss was greedy and eager, his tongue working inside my mouth. He moved his hands to the sides of my face, holding me in our lip-locked position, but I shook my head free.

“What do you want?” he asked, breathlessly.

It put him on edge, to let me dictate. But he was willing to try, and it gratified me immensely. Though he hadn’t given me his trust in other areas, he was giving it to me here. That was a big step for him and, though a huge part of me wanted to let him take me in the way he wanted, I remained committed to the role reversal because of how much it meant for both of us to try.

But in answer to his question, I was at a loss. What did I want? “Touch my breasts,” I said, finally.

Hudson slipped his hands inside the silk of my halter-top. With a flick of his thumbs, my nipples became stone, my breasts heavy and sensitive as he squeezed them in his firm hands.

I bent down to lick at his lips, but he ducked his head to my bosom instead. Pulling down the material of my nightie, he took the tip of my breast into his mouth. He sucked and tugged at my nipple causing a shallow cry to escape from my throat. “Hudson, oh, god.”

A hand slipped under the thin lace of my panties and grazed my clit on the way to the hot opening of my pussy. Releasing my nipple from his mouth he said, “You’re already so wet, precious.” He licked lightly across the tip and I shuddered. “Shall I put my fingers inside you? Tell me.”

Hudson was so good at turning my mind to mush, my body pliable under his hands. I gave into the pleasure he could give me, but on my terms. “I want your cock inside me.” I spoke softly, not quite at ease with saying the words.

He smiled, but didn’t move to take me up on my request. Instead he suckled on my other breast eliciting an involuntary moan from me. Then he said, “But you aren’t ready for me, precious.”

“I’m ready enough.” I was more forceful this time. “I want to ride you.”

A flash of desire crossed his face. In one swift move, he ripped the sides of my panties open, pulled the torn material out from under me and threw it aside. I shivered at his primal act, lust rushing through my veins like wildfire. Desperate to have him, to possess him, I scooted back to balance myself over him. I took his gorgeous thick penis in my hand and lifted the head to my wet entrance, my arousal fueled further when his cock throbbed in my grasp.

“I can’t imagine why I deserve this,” Hudson said hoarsely, splaying his hands over my breasts. “I should be rewarding you for your very believable girlfriend act today.”

I stilled. His comment stung, but I wasn’t sure if it should. Was he reminding me the day had been pretend? Or was he trying to elicit a reaction from me? Was he putting his guard up, refusing to let any emotions into our relationship?

Or maybe he felt nothing of what I thought he felt, and his words were simply a statement of what he saw as an accurate representation of our day.

No, it wasn’t true. I believed with all my heart that something more had developed between both of us. He may not be able to admit it to me, or even to himself, but I knew. I knew.

I slid down onto his pulsing cock, taking him in with a gasp. He was right—I wasn’t fully prepared, and he felt full and big inside. I squirmed, trying to ease the bite of discomfort as I worked him in deeper. Hudson placed his hand flat along the middle of my torso and pushed me to lean back. The angle opened me and I glided down to his root.

“Fuck,” he groaned. “You’re so tight, Alayna. So good.”

I lifted my hips, raising myself up his length before lowering again.

Hudson shifted beneath me, churning his hips, eager to direct the pace, but I kept my steady speed as I slid smoothly up and down his steely erection. His hands moved on me restlessly, wandering from my breasts to my thighs to my hips before he finally settled one flat on my stomach and circled his thumb on my clit with a delicious firm pressure.

“God, oh, god,” I cried, squeezing and clenching around him. The exquisite feeling of his cock skimming against my vaginal walls combined with the expert attention he was giving my tender bud drove me mad. I was on the edge, near orgasm, though not quite able to get the release I longed for. Tears formed in my eyes and sweat beaded on my skin.

“I’m happy, Hudson. You’ve made me happy.” I couldn’t stop myself from telling him, my words mixed with throaty moans.

Under heavy lids, his eyes pierced mine, glowing with the intense need to fuck. They widened at my declaration, a new spark lighting the dark desire already held there.

“And I’ve made you happy too.” It spilled from my mouth like I wished my elusive orgasm would. I sensed the warning in Hudson’s face, but I couldn’t stop myself from saying more. “We’re falling in love. This is us, falling in love.”

“Enough.” In a flash, he flipped me underneath him, maintaining our connection at the groin. He bent my legs at the knees and pushed them back while he plunged into me, pummeling me with a drive that fought to tear me apart. In that position he struck me deep, deeper than he’d ever been. He meant to punish me for my words—for knowing he’d connected with me. But the punishment only acknowledged I was right.

And in that finding, combined with his maddening thrusts, I lost everything to him, coming so violently that my body seized, quivering uncontrollably beneath him.

Hudson continued to ram into me, hitting the very end of me with each stroke until I came again. This time he joined me, burying his cock even deeper as he released, my core milking him while he spurted long and hot.

When we’d both stilled, he rolled off of me and fell hard into the bed at my side. Without words, he pulled me into the crook of his arm, closed his eyes, and went to sleep.

I tightened into his embrace. Usually he cuddled longer, and stroked and caressed me before falling asleep. But I’d challenged him in more ways than one that night. He needed time to process. At least he was still holding me at all. That had to be a good sign.

It took longer before I was taken by sleep, but when it finally came, I slept deep and peacefully.

In the morning, I awoke alone, but despite remembering that Celia would visit today, I felt happy. Until I went to the closet to get an outfit and found my belongings the only occupants.

Hudson’s clothes and suitcase were gone.





Chapter Twenty-One





I swallowed the acid rising in my throat and dressed in a flurry, not bothering with my hair or my face or shoes. Just because his things were gone didn’t mean he was, I told myself as I descended the stairs, trying to squelch the growing unease. There had to be an explanation.

I followed the sound of voices and found Mira and Sophia leaning over the dining room table, examining several large poster boards spread in front of them. Mira lifted her head as I approached and smiled. “Good mor—“

“Where’s Hudson?” I cut her off, my arms folded over my chest.

Sophia glowered at me over her reading glasses. “He left with Celia.” An undercurrent of pleasure laced her statement.

Mira rolled her eyes and turned her body to give me her full attention. “He had a business thing come up. Some sort of emergency. He had to fly immediately to Cincinnati.”

“Celia drove him.”

“Mother, honestly! Stop it!” I’d never seen Mira irritated and it looked unnatural on her usually smooth, unruffled features. It worked to silence Sophia. “Celia was already here to show us the designs when Hudson discovered he needed to leave. She offered to drive him to the airport so that he could leave the car for you to get back to the city whenever you wanted.”

He was gone. He’d left. With Celia.

Suddenly, the air in the house seemed stifling and thick. Breathing became difficult. Had Hudson really had a business emergency? Or was he running from our emotional connection the day before? He’d told me he wouldn’t lie to me, but this time he hadn’t said anything to me at all. He’d just vanished.

And the thing that I hadn’t ever wanted to face—when he said he’d always tell the truth—that could have been a lie itself.

It was too painful to address, especially in the presence of others, namely Sophia. Getting back home became priority number one. He’d left the car for me. “But I don’t drive.”

Mira shrugged. “Hudson said you might not want to. Martin can drive you then.”

“I’m not giving up my hired help to—“

Mira threw her hands up in the air and shot a piercing glare at her mother. “Then I’ll take her! Or Adam or Chandler.”

“I’ll drive you.”

I turned to find Jack behind me. Gratitude boiled inside so intensely, tears formed in the corners of my eyes. “Thank you. Give me ten minutes to pack.”

I rushed out before anyone could say another word. Taking the stairs two at a time, I sped to our bedroom. Our bedroom. The thought pained me in the absence of Hudson. After dragging my suitcase out of the closet, I scrambled around the room picking up random items that I’d left lying around the past few days—my swimsuit, my robe. The red nightie.

When I’d returned from the bathroom with my toothbrush and other toiletries, Mira was standing in the door frame. “Laynie, you don’t have to leave yet.”

I walked past her and dropped my things into my luggage.

“Stay until tomorrow. We can go do something girly, get mani-pedis if you want.”

There really were great people in the Pierce household. I adored Mirabelle. And Jack had become a fast friend. Even Chandler and Adam for all their boyish personality had taken a piece of my affection.

But the goodness of all of them was outweighed by the horror of Sophia.

And no one meant anything to me in comparison to what I felt for her son. “Thank you, Mira, sincerely. But I can’t stay here without Hudson.”

“I understand.”

I zipped up my bag and stood to face Mira, searching to see if she really did understand. From the softness in her eyes, I believed she did.

Maybe she understood more than I knew. I took a deep breath and asked, “Did he say...anything about me?” I bit my lip, embarrassed to let her see my insecurity. “Or leave any message for me?”

She seemed unsurprised by my question. “I think he was going to call you or something. Have you checked your phone?”

My phone—I hadn’t looked at it since I stuffed it in my purse on the drive up. I returned to the closet and found the purse hanging on a hook inside the door. Rifling around inside, I quickly located the phone. “It’s dead,” I said. “I forgot to bring a charger.”

“Is it a standard USB? You can take my car charger.”

I wanted to hug her. “Thank you, Mira.”

“No problem.” She watched while I set my suitcase in the rolling position. “Martin can get that.”

“I got it.” I didn’t want to wait to call someone up to carry a suitcase I could manage myself. I scanned the room one more time then started toward the door.

“Laynie.” Mira stopped me before I’d crossed the threshold.

It was difficult to give her my attention when every fiber of my body wanted to go. I fidgeted as I met her eyes.

She took a step toward me, her face soft and compassionate. “I know he loves you,” she said firmly. “I know he does. But he’s been through...things...that’s made it hard for him to open up, so please don’t take that as, well, as evidence of anything if he can’t tell you how he feels.”

My eyes felt misty. Maybe Mira was as snowed as I was, but it felt good to hear. I swallowed hard. “I know.”

“Good.”

“But…” I might never get the chance to have this conversation again. “Why do you believe that? I mean, what makes you think that he loves me, or that he even can?”

Surely Mira knew the things Sophia claimed about her brother. That he was a sociopath, that he couldn’t feel anything for others. Unless all of that had been her mother’s way of riling me up. But I suspected there was more to her claims than that—they were rooted in truth somewhere, a therapist’s opinion, a doctor’s diagnosis.

Mira closed her eyes briefly and blew out a steady stream of air. “I don’t know, Laynie. He’s different around you. I’ve never seen him like he is with you.”

“Maybe you see what you want to believe.”

“Maybe.” She stuck her chin out. “But I’m not giving up on him. I hope you don’t either.”

“I won’t.” But Hudson might have already given up on me.

And, if not me, himself.

Back downstairs, Mira left me in the foyer to grab her phone charger from her car. Jack had gone to the garage to bring the Mercedes up to the circle drive. I paced, waiting for him to pull up.

I sensed Sophia behind me without seeing her. Hoping she’d go away if I didn’t acknowledge her, I kept my eyes focused on the front driveway. I was wrong.

“You shouldn’t be surprised that he left you.”

I still didn’t look at her, but I pictured the satisfied grin she likely wore, imagined myself slapping it off her face. Violence never hurt as much as a good verbal argument, though. Problem was, if I reacted to her bait, she could very well win. Again.

“I told, you he doesn’t feel anything.” She was a warrior. Good at the game. I had no doubt she’d been the one who taught Hudson to be so good at his own games. “For anyone,” she added.

“That’s a lie.” I had no chance against her. She drew the reaction she desired. But if I had to spar, I’d put my best fight into it. “I’ve seen proof to the contrary.”

“Because of how he seems to love you? He’s a good actor.”

I spun to face her. “No, because of how he seems to love you.” I spit the words like venom. “When there’s no reason he should. When you’ve alienated him and betrayed him and destroyed him and made him the confused man he is by your lack of affection and support and faith. If he can continue to care about a piece of shit like you, after all you’ve done to him, then I have no doubt of his capability of love.” You fucking bitch.

And then I opened the front door and walked out, rolling my suitcase behind me, relieved to see Jack pulling up as I did. Sophia didn’t follow.

Mira had given Jack the charger in the garage. He handed it to me in exchange for my luggage. While he stowed my suitcase in the trunk of the running car, I climbed in the front passenger seat and plugged in the charger and my phone before securing my seatbelt.

We were on the road before my phone had enough charge to turn on. I had twelve texts and four voice messages. I opened the texts and skipped the eleven from Brian, going immediately to the one from Hudson. “Plexis crisis. I’ll call as soon as I can.”

My heart sunk. I should have been grateful that he’d left a message at all, but didn’t I deserve more? He had led me to believe that I did.

I accessed my voicemail with only faint hope. He’d never called me, and I doubted any of the messages were from him. I listened long enough to the first one to hear Brian’s voice then immediately deleted it and skipped to the next one. All were from my brother. All were deleted without a full listen.

Jack was more considerate company than I could possibly ask for. After asking me to enter my address into the GPS, he offered enough small talk for me to understand he was there if I needed him. Then he allowed me to wallow in silence.

For the better part of an hour, I flipped my phone around in my hands, opening the text slider and closing it again without using it. The old me—the crazy, obsessed me—would have already sent a series of messages to Hudson, each heightening in tone and accusations. It took everything in me not to physically do so, but in my head I let myself compose them.

“Why did you go? Are you really on a business trip?”

“I can’t do the on-duty anymore. I quit.”

“Why won’t you let me in?”

“I love you.”

Finally I dropped my phone in my purse, leaned my head against the window of the car, and closed my eyes. I’d allow myself one well thought-out text when I got home. Then I’d go to a group meeting. I just had to make it until then without doing anything stupid.

I must have fallen asleep because when I opened my eyes again, we were outside my apartment building. There were no spots available along the street, so Jack had turned on the emergency blinkers and pulled up next to the line of parked cars.

Standing at the driver’s door, Jack leaned across the top of the car. “If you wait here, I can find a spot somewhere and help you up to your apartment.”

As harmless as Jack was, having him in my apartment did not sound like a good idea. And I didn’t need the help or the company. “I can get it. Thanks, though.” Standing on the curb with my bag, I felt moved to say more, to express my overwhelming gratitude. “And thank you for driving me here and for…well, for…” For not treating me like Sophia treats me. “For being so kind.”

Dammit. I was choking up again.

He chuckled. “I’m not really that kind. I just appear so in comparison.”

I didn’t have to ask whom he meant to compare himself with. “Jack.” I shouldn’t keep him when he was parked illegally, but suddenly I had to know. “Why are you still married to her?”

“I wish I could say it’s because I remember the sweet woman she once was, but she was never a sweet woman.” He looked off at the traffic behind him, not seeming to be bothered by the cars honking as they passed in the next lane. “Sophia came to the marriage with a couple of businesses given to us by her father. I took control when her father retired and have spent my life making them successful. Now Hudson runs them. If I divorced Sophia, the controlling interest would go to her. As long as we’re married, she doesn’t care what we do with them. And she’d never ask for a divorce—it would be too embarrassing.”

He turned back to face me. “I wonder sometimes—if I’d let go of the businesses, divorced her when the kids were still young, could I have changed how they are now? But she would have gotten joint custody at the very least. And she may have messed them up even more, retaliating against me. It’s not an ideal situation, but it is what it is.”

Not an ideal situation—it was similar to what Hudson had said. No, it wasn’t ideal, but it was life.

In my small studio apartment, I left my suitcase standing by the door and collapsed on my bed. Tears came, long and steady. I couldn’t even say what I was crying for exactly. All I knew was that I hurt. I hurt from Hudson’s departure, for his unwillingness to open up to me. I hurt because the lines of our pretend and real relationship had become so blurred that I couldn’t tell the difference anymore. I hurt from Sophia’s words and hatred. I hurt for the mother she’d been to her son and for the brother Brian had been to me. I hurt for the things I’d done to Brian, for the things Hudson had probably done to his family.

Most of all I hurt because I was alone and in love. And that was the worst combination of things to be.

An hour had passed before I’d calmed enough to send the one text I’d promised myself I could. It was as harmless as I could come up with—a message that said all I dared to say, afraid more would scare him further away. “I’ll be here when you return.”

Not even thirty seconds had gone by after I pushed “SEND” when there was a knock on my door. We had a doorman in the lobby—only building occupants were allowed in without prior approval. But Hudson could pull strings, couldn’t he? He was the only person I knew with such power.

The hope that it was him, as weak of a hope that it was, propelled me to my feet and to the peephole.

The man in the hall wore a crisp black suit with a yellow tie. But the face didn’t belong to Hudson—it belonged to Brian.

I should have known it was Brian. His name was on the lease, he’d be allowed up. I pressed my face against the door and debated whether or not to let him in.

“Open up, Laynie.” Heavy banging on the other side of the door jolted my face from its resting position. “I know you’re in there. The doorman told me you came up.”

Fuck. He must have been staying in town—at the Waldorf, most likely. What the fuck was so important that he had to see me? Maybe I should have listened to his messages.

Reluctantly, I opened the door partway.

He pushed past me forcefully. He was angry. Probably because I’d been ignoring him.

“What are you doing here, Brian? Are you stalking me?” The joke made me smile even though Brian’s eyes only glowed hotter.

“You haven’t returned any of my calls.” I watched as Brian’s fists clenched and unclenched at his sides. I knew he’d never hit me—at least, I hoped he’d never hit me—but I’d seen him rage enough to punch holes in walls. Maybe it was a good thing his name was the primary on the lease instead of mine. He’d have to pay for any damage.

I shut the door and turned to face Brian with a fake smile. “Oh, did you call?” Innocent wasn’t usually the best tactic with Brian, but I was too exhausted for anything else. “My phone’s been dead and I’ve been out of town.”

“Yeah, I got that from your boss at the club.”

God, he’d even called David. What the fuck?

Brian ran a hand through his hair then took a step toward me. “You were with him, weren’t you?”

“Him, who?” But I knew he must have been referring to Hudson. That was the who I’d been with after all, and David had known that. But why Brian cared was beyond me.

Brian slammed his fist down on the top of my dresser. “Dammit, Laynie, don’t play games. This is serious.” He took a step toward me, his eyes narrow slits. “Hudson Pierce. Were you with Hudson Pierce?”

“Yes.” I crossed my hands over my chest. “And Jonathon Pierce, for that matter. And Sophia Pierce and Mirabelle Pierce and Chandler Pierce. At their Hampton house. Brian, what is your problem?”

His brows rose almost as high as his voice. “What is my problem? You are my problem. Always. Alayna, I saw you in the society pages—you’re dating him?”

Well, no. But I kept that to myself.

“You can’t date Hudson fucking Pierce. Do you know who he is? Do you know what he is?”

For the briefest of moments, my chest felt like it might burst. I had no idea how, but Brian knew about Hudson’s games with women somehow and was worried about me. I hadn’t felt concern from him in years. I didn’t realize how much I’d craved it.

Brian continued. “He’s a goddamn giant, is what he is, Alayna. If you fuck with him—when you fuck with him—I won’t be able to get you out of it. The Pierces are so big, they’ll squash you like a bug.”

“Wait a minute, wait a minute.” I swallowed, processing what Brian had said. “You’re not concerned for me, you’re worried about…Hudson?”

“Why should I be concerned for you?” He pointed his index finger toward me. “You’re the one with the history of going mental over guys.”

“Get out.” I could only manage a whisper.

“Harassment, drive-bys, breaking and entering, stalking—” He held up a finger for each item he ticked off.

“Get out,” I said, stronger. There were no words for the depths of betrayal I felt, no reason to even defend myself against his accusations because he’d already marked me as guilty without even giving me a trial.

“Were you even invited to the Hamptons?”

“Get the fuck out!” I screamed. “Get out! Get out! Get. Out!”

He didn’t move. “My name’s on the lease, not yours.”

“Then I’ll get the lease changed. Or I’ll move.” I crossed to the door and opened it for him. “But now I’m telling you, so help me god, if you don’t leave I’ll call the cops and, even if it gets me nowhere, it will at least occupy your life with yet another embarrassing sister incident. So I’m telling you, get the fuck out, now.”

“I’m done, Alayna.” He raised his hands up in a surrender position. Still he didn’t move.

“Get out!”

This time he stepped toward the door. “I’m leaving, but I’m telling you, I’m done. Do not even think about coming crawling back to me.” He turned back to face me after crossing the threshold. “You’re on your own with this mess.”

I slammed the door in his face.

Brian was out of my life. Out of my life for good.

Maybe because I’d already cried all those tears earlier, or maybe because I’d simply had enough of family members who constantly kept their loved ones down when they needed compassion and support most, but the sigh I let out wasn’t in frustration—it was in relief.





Chapter Twenty-Two





David leaned against his desk and stared at the new brown leather sofa across the room. “Should we move it to the other wall?” It was the fourth time he’d asked since I’d arrived.

Truthfully, I couldn’t care less where the sofa was. The only reason I’d come into the club so early was to have something to occupy my mind. It had been thirty-three hours since I’d left the Hamptons, longer since I’d seen Hudson, and all I wanted to do was buy a plane ticket to Cincinnati and find him, whatever it took.

But another part of me—a very small, but surprisingly solid bud of calm at the center of my being—believed that Hudson would be back. That he’d be back for me. He felt something for me. I knew he did. And maybe that emotion, even if he couldn’t acknowledge it, would be enough to bring him to me. Eventually.

Hopefully.

If I didn’t cling on to that small sliver of hope, I’d fall apart. It was the only thing keeping me from giving into the crazy. That and trying to concentrate on my job.

“It’s fine, David. Leave it.”

“Are you sure? This is your vision, Laynie. Make it work.”

“It works perfectly as is.”

I suspected David’s anxiousness had more to do with me and my mood than couch placement. He crossed to the sofa and sat down. “It’s pretty comfy, too. Check it out.”

Sighing, I tossed my inventory report on the desk and joined him. “Hmm,” I said, settling into the corner. “Not bad.”

But really I was thinking about how the new couch reminded me of the one at the apartment above Hudson’s office. It had been my initial attraction to it when I’d seen it in the catalog. I loved the way it felt masculine with its rich dark color, yet also warm and soft with its curved back and arms.

Now I wondered if every glance at the piece of furniture would bring to mind thoughts of the man who hadn’t called or texted me since his vanishing act.

My thoughts traveled to the email I’d received that morning from his bank—the one that owned my student loans—stating my debt had been adjusted off in full. And the credit card that I’d kept secret from him had also shown up with a zero balance. Having them both paid for made the whole deal feel done.

And I wanted so much not to be done with Hudson Pierce.

“So what’s going on in your pretty little head, Laynie?”

I’d gotten lost in my mind again. Boy, was I bad company.

“Stuff,” I said, feeling bad about the brush off, but not bad enough to expound upon my answer.

He nodded and rested his ankle on his other leg. “Pierce okay with that Plexis deal?”

I twisted my head toward him. “What do you mean?”

David’s brows rose. “I figured you knew. It was in the paper this morning.” He stood and moved toward his desk.

I hadn’t looked at the news that morning. Knowing I’d be tempted to stalk Hudson online, I hadn’t even gotten on my computer except to check my email after Brian had left the day before. It had been hard to fight the compulsion, but after kicking my brother out, I’d felt a renewed sense of self-strength. So I turned off my computer and spent the night watching some of the movies from the AFI list that I hadn’t seen yet while I ate a pint of mint chocolate chip ice cream. And I cried some more. Overall, a very productive evening.

David rifled through some papers in the recycling bin. “Here it is.”

He returned to the couch and handed me a folded section of the newspaper. I scanned my eyes over the article he’d pointed to. The headline read Plexis sold to DWO. Skimming, I quickly got the gist of the story. DWO, a rival corporation of Pierce Industries, had convinced the other shareholders to sell, even though management, and lone hold-out shareholder Hudson Pierce, fought to prevent the acquisition.

My stomach sank. Hudson had really cared about Plexis and the people that worked there. He had to be devastated over the loss. No wonder he’d run off to Cincinnati the day before—he must have been making one last ditch effort to save his company.

Which also meant he’d been telling me the truth. He hadn’t run from me. Why was I so self-centered to believe everything had to do with me?

I closed my eyes and felt the couch sink next to me as David sat back down.

“You like him more than you let on.”

“I do. I love him.” I peeked over at him, remembering how David had reacted the last time we’d talked about Hudson and me. “I didn’t mean to fall in love. I just did.”

David smiled but kept his eyes downcast. “That’s how it usually occurs.”

I threw the newspaper on the ground, put my elbows on my knees and covered my hands with my face. Awkward—that’s what this was. Totally awkward.

David leaned back on the couch. “And he feels…?”

I peeked over my shoulder toward him. Did he really want to talk about this? Well, he was there, and he did ask. “I’m not sure.”

“That’s a real bummer.” David leaned forward. He was so close to me I could smell the faint aroma of his body wash and feel the warmth of his breath. “For what it’s worth, I’ll tell you how I feel: Stupid.”

“Stupid?” I folded my arms across my chest, feeling strangely vulnerable so near to a guy I’d once been gaga over.

“Yeah.” He lowered his voice. “How did I let you slip through my fingers?”

“David…” I didn’t want that, not now. My heart, my mind, my body had tuned to Hudson. He was the only guy I could think of anymore. It scared me a bit. Singular thoughts of someone—that could be the beginnings of an obsession.

But also, and I wasn’t sure because I didn’t know from experience, but couldn’t those kind of thoughts be attributed to being in love? Lauren had said as much. As long as I remained in control of my behavior, as long as my affection was welcomed, then wasn’t it perfectly okay to think of Hudson, to choose him over anyone else? I thought maybe so. I hoped so.

I opened my mouth to speak, to tell David that there was no chance for us, but he seemed to understand without me having to say anything.

He sighed and nodded. Then he shrugged. “I just thought you should know.”

“Thank you,” I said, because I didn’t know what else to say. And because I was grateful that he’d taken my rejection so well.

He stood up and held his hand out to me. “Back to work.”

I took his hand and let him help me to my feet.

David held onto my hand after I stood. “But if you ever find yourself on the market again…”

Even without Hudson, David and I couldn’t be together. He’d been a safe option, someone who wouldn’t drive me to obsessive behaviors. But safety had come at the price of no sincere emotional investment. Maybe I risked more with Hudson, but there was also something real to be gained.

But I smiled and said, “I’ll keep you in mind. For sure.”

“Can we hug it out?”

I nodded and David pulled me into his arms. His embrace felt...good. Stronger than I’d remembered, but it didn’t make my heart beat faster. And it comforted me, but didn’t warm me to the bone the way Hudson’s arms did. Still, it was nice, and I let myself relax into its goodness.

David broke away first. Abruptly. Bringing his closed fist to his mouth, he coughed, his eyes darting from me to a spot behind me.

I furrowed my brow, confused by his strange actions then twisted to see what was behind me.

“Hey, Pierce,” David said as I came eye-to-eye with Hudson.

The blood drained from my face. The hug had been innocent, but I knew what it must have looked like. And it didn’t feel exactly innocent, not when David wanted more, and not when we’d sort of been together in the past. Especially since I’d never told Hudson about it.

Hudson’s expression was stoic, his eyes piercing into mine. He gave nothing away and that terrified me. Not only because I couldn’t read his reaction to what he’d witnessed, but because it meant he’d withdrawn further. With the way he’d left me, the circumstances of the last time we saw each other, he may have had the same blank expression if he hadn’t just walked in on me hugging my boss.

“I’ll, uh, let you guys have some privacy.” Out of the corner of my eye, I saw David leave the office, shutting the door behind him. My focus never left the man in front of me.

Alone with Hudson, the tension became thicker. He looked as painfully beautiful as ever in a dark gray suit and a solid blue tie that made his eyes seem more blue than gray. He didn’t speak, didn’t move. Just stared into me. Stared through me.

I swallowed hard, afraid I might cry. For more than a day I had longed to see him, had ached for him. Now that he was here, everything was all wrong.

“Hudson,” I began, not knowing what to say next. Then I remembered the article. “I read about Plexis.” I reached my hand out and took a step toward him. “I’m so sor—“

He cut me off. “What’s going on with you and him?” His tone was even, controlled, but his right eye twitched.

“Nothing,” I said on a heavy exhale. “David was, um,…” Yeah, where was I going with that? David was trying to get with me and I turned him down so we were hugging it out? “It was a friendly hug, that’s all.”

Hudson’s jaw tensed. “The expression on his face was much more than friendly.” He took a measured step toward me. “Have you fucked him?”

“No!”

His eyes narrowed, studying me. “But almost.”

“No.” Except that wasn’t quite true. We had come pretty close to screwing in the past. Right there in that office, in fact. It didn’t seem like a good time to bring that up, though. And all of that had been before Hudson.

“Why don’t I believe you?”

“Because you have some serious trust issues.” I felt a twinge of guilt knowing that his distrust might very well be because he sensed I was holding something back. Still, I didn’t appreciate being drilled. And Hudson did have trust issues. “What is your fucking deal, anyway?”

He stepped toward me again. “I told you before,” he growled. “I don’t share.”

A surge of euphoria pulsed through me. He still thought of me as his. I remembered when he’d said those words to me the first time, how it had turned me on to no end. The rawness of it, the primitive way he claimed me as his own.

Now, though, despite that it indicated I still had something to fight for with Hudson, the statement struck a nerve. “But I have to share you with Celia?”

“Goddammit, Alayna. How many times do I have to say it? There is nothing going on with me and Celia.”

I felt uneasy about insinuating otherwise. I’d accused past lovers of cheating on me—many times—but it had always been paranoia on my part, doubtful that anyone could ever really love me. My accusations had ended relationships, and my stomach lurched at that possibility with Hudson.

Yet, he had secrets where Celia was concerned. That wasn’t my mind playing tricks on me, he’d confirmed that much. He’d asked me to believe that those secrets weren’t relevant to us, but if he wanted my trust, he had to give me his. “And there’s nothing going on with me and David.”

“Really?” His tone was icy. “That’s not how it looked when I walked in here.”

My vision blurred with tears. “Just like that’s not how it looked when you left with Celia while I was still naked in your bed?”

Anger flashed in Hudson’s eyes. He grabbed my upper arms and yanked me toward him until my face was only inches from his. “Leaving you that morning was the hardest fucking thing I’ve done in a long time,” he hissed. “Don’t treat it lightly.”

Then his mouth crushed mine, before I could digest what he’d said, before I could let the sweetness of his words sink in. He nipped and tore at the tender skin of my lips with his teeth, his kiss abrasive and impatient.

My body begged to give into his demanding passion, his mouth and tongue coaxing me to bend to him, but my brain still held onto our disagreement and our whereabouts. Jesus, we were in the goddamn office of the nightclub!

I broke away from his lips. “Hudson, stop.”

But he didn’t stop. He continued kissing down my neck and his hand found my breast, which he squeezed and fondled roughly over the fabric of my dress. His cock pressed into me at my thigh, and I felt it stiffen.

“Stop!” I said again, pushing at his chest with both my hands.

“No,” he rumbled in my ear. “I have to fuck you. Now.”

“Why? Are you marking your territory?” I’d only been half serious with the comment, but he pulled back and the look in his eyes said that was exactly what he was doing.

I wriggled out of his grip, the nausea returning in painful waves. “You don’t own me, Hudson! Stop messing with me like I’m one of your other women. Not with me, remember?”

“Don’t you think I know that? Every minute of every day I remind myself that I can’t conquer you. That I can’t do that to you.” His jaw twitched. “But it doesn’t mean that I don’t want to.”

He might as well have struck me. Even though I’d told myself that it was possible that I was merely another on his list of women he’d played, I’d truly believed that I was different. The tears that had threatened earlier spilled freely. “So I am just like the others.”

“No. You’re not.” His voice tightened. “I told you before. I don’t want to hurt you more than I need to win you.”

Sobbing now, I choked out, “You’ve already done both.”

“Fuck!” His features were overcome with horror, as if I’d told him I’d killed his mother. Or maybe not his mother, but someone he was fond of.

He took a step backward, away from me. It was devastating, to be hurting so deeply, to see my pain echoed on his face through the torrents of my tears. I couldn’t stand to feel like that, like I was losing him. I needed his comfort and to comfort him the only way I was sure that he would let me—I lunged for him, seizing his lips with mine.

It took only seconds for him to give in to me, and then he was the way I liked him most, dominating and in command. And I took the reverse role and gave myself over to him.

“Alayna,” he growled. His hand found my breast again, and he kneaded the ache away as he devoured my mouth. He wrapped his other arm around me, drawing me to him so tightly I felt consumed from all sides. Even inside, the flames of lust licked intensely, my arousal immediately kindled by the welcome assault on my body.

“Hudson,” I cried against his lips, not caring this time that we were in the middle of a fight or that the office door might not be locked. “I need you, too.”

He’d known we’d needed this before when I’d pushed him away. He was such a perfect lover, understanding my body and its demands even better than I did. Submitting to him, everything became easy. I could forget for a moment what barriers lay in between us while he took me in the way where no barriers separated us at all.

Hudson moved my body backward until the couch bumped against the back of my calf, and a fleeting thought of, “Oh, yay; we’re going to christen the couch!” passed through my mind when he let go of me to reach under my short A-line dress and pull my panties down below my knees. He pushed me back on the couch, spread my legs open and gathered the material of my dress up around my stomach, completely exposing my most private parts for him.

I felt beautiful like that—lying in wait for my lover who I knew would give and take as he pleased.

He gazed down at me, desire clouding his eyes as he undid his belt and lowered his pants only far enough to release his bulging cock from its prison. As fast as he moved, it seemed forever before he lowered himself on top of me, urging my legs further apart with his knees. Then he shoved into me with such force I gasped.

He pounded into me with driving thrusts, focused on his own need, his own desire for orgasm. But even through the fog of his own lust, he attended to me, his thumb pressing expertly on my clit, massaging me toward my own climax.

The act may have been primarily physical, but a deeper connection resulted from the joining of our bodies. Each stroke eased the sting of his earlier words, and I was certain that the motivation behind each deep lunge was to chase away his own torment, to release himself from the guilt of wounding me.

He didn’t shower me with his usual sex words, but we were hardly quiet as I whimpered under him and he repeated my name over and over like a mantra, like a prayer. And then the sound turned guttural as he flexed into me, coming in me with such violent eruption that it spurred me to release with him on my own shaky cry, “Hudson!”

He collapsed onto me, his head buried in my neck where his warm breath against my skin felt soothing. I loved it there, buried beneath him, his cock still buried inside me, our precious bond so fragile it required this carnal connection. Hudson’s breathing becoming even, and his body became lax until his weight pressed into me with sweet agony.

Just as I began to wonder if he’d fallen asleep he whispered, “I wanted to win you. But I didn’t want to hurt you.” His arm tightened around me. “That’s the last thing I wanted.”

I understood him completely. After destroying so many people, after ruining my relationship with my only living relative, it was hell to imagine hurting even one more person. It had kept me from becoming close to anyone for so long. But now, I was ready to move past that fear so that I could earn the reward of intimacy.

I stroked Hudson’s hair. “That’s part of relationships, H. People get hurt.” I kissed his head. “But you can make it better, too.”

He lifted his head to meet my eyes. “Tell me how.”

Cupping his face in my hands, I rubbed my thumbs across his skin, rough from five o’clock shadow. “Let me in,” I pleaded.

“Don’t you see I already have?”

I closed my eyes, hoping to stop a fresh stream of tears. He had opened up, but only enough for me to slip the tip of my toes past the threshold of the door he kept so tightly closed. It was a big step for him. But it wasn’t really letting me in. Everything he shared with me I had to pry from his lips. He hadn’t given me his trust. It wasn’t enough to build upon and if that was as far as the door was opening, we had no hope for a future.

I swallowed hard and opened my eyes, letting one teardrop escape. Wiping it away, I rolled out from underneath him and pulled my panties up as I stood.

Hudson sighed. Then I heard the sound of his zipper and, to my ears, it was a metaphor—putting himself away, shutting himself off. Again.

But when he stood, he wrapped his arms around me from behind. His voice rasped in my ear. “Why do you act like I’m running?”

“Because you shut me out. Isn’t that the same as running?”

“What about you? What about how you showed up in our bedroom crying and couldn’t even tell me why?”

“That was different.” But maybe it wasn’t. I hadn’t told him what his mother said because it hurt too much. Because I was embarrassed.

He spun me around to look at him. “What did she say to you, Alayna?”

He’d thrown down the gauntlet. If I wanted him to be open, I’d have to be too. “That I was insignificant. She called me a whore.” I looked at a chip of paint on the wall, not able to meet his eyes.

He cursed under his breath. “My mother’s heartless and cruel.” Putting two fingers under my chin, he turned my face to him. “You’re not a whore, Alayna. Not even close. And the magnitude of your importance in my life can’t be put into words.”

“She also said that you can’t ever love me.”

He froze. Then his hand dropped from my face. “I’ve told you that before.”

The pain of his statement hit me hard in the gut. I pulled out of his arms. “Well, she told me again.” I swung back toward him. “So there, I opened up. Are you happy?”

“Alayna…”

I ached in the center of my being. This was why I hadn’t told him—because despite what he and Sophia had said, I’d believed that he could love. That he could love me.

Tears flooded my eyes and splashed down my face. “How could you not think I’d fall in love with you, Hudson? Even if you didn’t mean for it to happen, how could I not?” I wiped at my damp cheek with the back of my hand. “Does that mean anything to you at all?”

He drew back as if I’d slapped him. “How can you ask that? Of course, it does. But, Alayna, you don’t know that you’d still say that if you knew me.”

“I do know you.”

“Not everything.”

“Only because you haven’t let me in!” We were spinning in circles, getting nowhere.

He spread his arms out to the sides. “What is it you want to know? About what I did to other women? About Celia? I’m the reason she got pregnant, Alayna. Because I spent an entire summer making her fall in love with me when I felt nothing for her. For fun. For something to do. And then, when I’d completely broken her, she became destructive—sleeping around, partying, drugs. You name it, she did it. She didn’t even know who the father was.”

I heaved a breath, wiping the lingering tears from my face. “So you claimed it was yours.”

“Yes.”

“Because you felt responsible.”

“Yes. She lost the baby at three months. Likely from the drinking and drugs she’d consumed early on. She was devastated.”

“That’s awful.” I could sense he felt as responsible for the death of Celia’s unborn baby as for its conception in the first place. It was a lot of weight to carry, a lot of blame.

But even though I could concede Hudson had a role in the situation, it didn’t scare me away. “It’s awful,” I repeated, “but I don’t understand. You thought this would make me not love you…why?”

He perched on the arm of the sofa and pierced me with an incredulous stare. “Because it changes everything. I did that. That’s who I am. It’s my past and it’s very ugly.”

A sob threatened, but I choked it back with a hard swallow. The ugly things—there were so many ugly things about myself that always lay beneath the surface of every conversation, every moment. They poisoned and destroyed. I was well versed in the ugly.

It broke my heart that the same darkness haunted Hudson. That he believed his history to be so horrible that it could change things between us. It couldn’t. It didn’t.

I moved in front of him and rested my hands on his shoulders. “Do you think your ugly is any different than mine?”

“This isn’t like following someone around or calling too many times, Alayna.”

“It was an unforeseen tragedy, Hudson. A game that got out of hand. You didn’t set out for Celia to get pregnant and have a miscarriage. And you can’t diminish the things I’ve done to a simple statement like that either. I hurt people. Deeply. But that was before. Less than ideal pasts, remember? It doesn’t mean it defines our future. Or even our now.”

He blew out a warm breath as his thumb brushed at a lingering tear in the corner of my eye. “When I’m with you, I almost believe that.”

“That just means you need to spend more time with me.”

He chuckled softly. “Is that what that means?” He trailed his thumb down my face to caress my cheek. “Yesterday morning, when I got the phone call that required me to be in Cincinatti—I couldn’t even let myself look at you, sleeping in that bed. If I did, I wouldn’t have been able to leave.”

My chest swelled with his confession. “I thought you left because you were freaking out.” His puzzled look drove me to clarify. “Because of the love stuff.”

“I wasn’t freaking out. I was surprised, that’s all.”

“Surprised?”

“That that’s what we were feeling.” His gaze was soft. “That it was love.”

I could barely breathe, afraid that if I did I’d disturb the path of our conversation. “It was.” I swallowed. “It is.”

“Hmm.” He smiled. “I never felt this before. I didn’t know.” His swept his hands down the sides of my torso. “But, Alayna, I’ve never had a healthy romantic relationship. Every woman who’s loved me…” His voice tightened. “I don’t want to break you, too.”

“You’re not going to break me, Hudson. I thought you might, at first. Turns out you make me better. And I think I do the same for you.”

“You do.”

“If you decide to not…” I searched for how to say what I meant. “Follow through…with whatever this is that we have, it will hurt. But I won’t be broken.”

“But it would hurt?”

“Like a motherfucker.”

“Then we better follow through.” He drew me closer, wrapping his arms around my waist. “Alayna, you’re fired. You can’t be my pretend girlfriend anymore.” His face grew serious. “Be my real girlfriend instead.”

Joy swept through me in a dizzying rush. “I kind of think I already am.”

“You are.”

“Can I still call you H?”

“Absolutely not.” He turned his mouth to meet mine and kissed me with lips sweet and tender, but passionate all the same.

I don’t know how long we stayed there like that—on the arm of the chair, his body wrapped around me, kissing and cuddling. Time was irrelevant in that moment we were sharing.

Finally though, when I remembered that the club would be opening soon and that I still had a shift to work, I pulled my lips from his and asked the question that I knew was burning in both our minds. “What now?”

One side of Hudson’s mouth curled up in a sexy smile. “Come to my place after you finish here.”

Yes. Of course, yes! “I’m not off until three.”

“I don’t care. I want you in my bed.”

“Then, yes.”

With great reluctance, I pulled myself away. I offered my hand to help him up, and he took it, rising in the graceful way of his. He let go of my hand and tugged the back of his jacket down and adjusted his tie, transforming back into the man most people knew: Hudson Pierce, ruler of the business world.

I watched, mesmerized, still in shock that this man was mine. Mine. It was the first time I’d said it to myself, and it sounded so wonderful I thought I could never get tired of saying it—mine, mine, mine.

His eyes swept behind him as he buttoned his jacket. “Nice couch,” he said, as if noticing it for the first time.

“Thanks,” I laughed.

He studied me with amusement before fixing my hair and straightening the collar of my dress. Then he took my hands in his. “Tell Jordan to take you to the Bowery. He knows where it is.”

“Not the fuck pad?” My voice seemed unusually high, laced with surprise and excitement.

“No. My home. I’ll leave a key with the doorman.”

I hadn’t been anywhere but the loft with him and didn’t even know where he lived. I’d thought it was a good thing before. But now that he’d invited me, there was no other place I’d rather be.

And, besides, I was ready—ready to stop being afraid of making mistakes, ready to let myself be truly healed of my past, ready to start again without fear of regret.

Lacing my fingers through his, I giggled. Since when did I giggle? “We’re really doing this, aren’t we? Moving forward.”

“We are.”

He pulled me in for another embrace, seemingly as unable to let go of me as I was unable to let go of him. As fixed on me as I was on him.

“I’m going to rock your world,” I said at his ear before sucking on the lobe.

He nipped at my neck, kindling my desire yet again. “I can’t wait,” he said.

“Neither can I.”



Sign up for my newsletter to receive a bonus deleted scene from Fixed on You as well as monthly free books from bestselling authors.


Found in You

Chapter One

I paused at the doorway to the Park Avenue high-rise and stared at the building’s name engraved on the stone. The Bowery. Jordan had already pulled away from the curb behind me. He probably felt I was safe enough to be left with the doorman who held the door for me while I stood frozen in thought.

This was real, a big step—a giant step—moving deeper into Hudson’s life than anyone had ever been before. I was excited, of course. I loved the man. But did I really even know him? Could I truly love him based on the little I knew about him? His address had been a mystery to me until two minutes ago when his driver had dropped me off. And what would I find inside the building? What was inside Hudson Pierce, behind the mask he wore so well?

I felt like I’d seen the true Hudson, like I was probably the only person in the world who truly had, but I’d barely scratched the surface. There was still so much left to uncover and learn about the young business mogul who had captured my heart.

I also knew that Hudson held secrets. He’d abandoned his mind games and predilection for manipulating women before meeting me, but the possibility of his past habits returning was very real. As real as the possibility of mine returning.

And that was the fear that overwhelmed me most—that I might be driven to my old habits of obsession. Of all the relationships I’d destroyed with my stalking and unfounded jealousy, I knew that fucking this one up would destroy me. Thankfully, so far, I had felt fixed with Hudson. Only time would tell if that would last.

The doorman looked at me, an anxious expression on his face—should he continue holding the door open for the crazy indecisive woman, or should he let it go?

I eased him with a smile. “I’ll be just a minute.”

He returned the smile with a nod and closed the door.

Taking a deep breath, I looked toward the top floor where Hudson’s apartment was surely located—I didn’t even know his unit number. Was he awake up there? Was he looking for me from his window? Could he see me down here, hesitating?

He said he’d be sleeping, but it was that last idea that gave me the courage to move. I wouldn’t put it past him to wait up for me and I didn’t want him to suspect I felt any doubt at all. Because I didn’t have doubts. Not about him. My doubts were about me, about whether I could handle us. And truly, if I let my hopes take root—hopes that I could finally have a real relationship with another person without losing myself to the fears and unhealthy habits of my obsessive past—then even those doubts were superficial.

The doorman smiled again as I stepped toward him, opening the door for me. Inside, another man sat at the security desk in front of the elevators.

“Ms. Withers?” he asked before I had a chance to give him my name.

I shouldn’t have been surprised. Hudson said he’d leave a key for me at the desk and it was three-thirty in the morning. Who else would I be?

I nodded.

“Mr. Pierce left you this key. Both elevators on the left will take you to the penthouse. Simply insert the key into the panel when you get inside.”

“Thank you.”

The doors opened the minute I pushed the call button. Inside the elevator car, my hand shook as I inserted the key in the panel, and I was grateful to no longer be in sight of the security guard. The ride to the penthouse was fast, but not fast enough. As soon as I’d squashed down my trepidation, the emotion had been replaced with eagerness. I wanted to be in Hudson’s space, in his arms. I wanted to be with him and even the minute that it took to arrive at the top floor was too long to be away from him.

The doors of the elevator opened into a small vestibule. I stepped out and turned the only direction I could, finding myself in a foyer. The space was quiet, but I could hear the sound of a clock ticking somewhere nearby, and there were very few lights on. I suspected the bedrooms were to my left, because my right opened up to a large living room with floor-to-ceiling windows.

As anxious as I was to find Hudson, I turned instead into the living room, attracted by the gorgeous view. Before I made it to the windows, though, a lamp flipped on and I saw him sitting in an armchair.

Startled, my mouth fell open and then stayed open as I ogled the gorgeous man dressed only in boxer shorts. The definition of his sculpted chest quickened my heart before my gaze caught his gray eyes through the flop of his brown hair in the dim light. I’d never seen him in boxer shorts, and damn, had I been missing out. It struck me again how little I knew him, but this time the thought didn’t scare me—it excited me. How much more there was to discover about this man, and I was ready to dive in and explore.

Yet, the excitement didn’t ease the awkwardness, the anxiety. This was new territory, and I didn’t know how to proceed. Certainly, Hudson felt the same.

My hand held tight to my purse while the other absentmindedly clutched at the blue fabric of my dress, a short A-line that hedged the border of professional and sexy. It was the type of outfit I always wore at The Sky Launch, the night club where I worked as a manager. The night club Hudson owned. The place I’d met him.

A memory flashed through my mind of the first time I’d seen him sitting at the end of the club’s bar, of how he took my breath away. I’d known then I should’ve run. But I didn’t. And now, I couldn’t be more grateful.

He took my breath away now like he did then. With a meek smile, I braved breaking the silence. “You’re awake.”

“I thought it would be best to be waiting for you when you got here so that you wouldn’t be disoriented.”

“But you should be sleeping.” As president of Pierce Industries, a multi-billion dollar company, his hours conflicted with mine at the club. Coming over in the middle of the night, when his daily wake-up time was six in the morning—what was I doing? How could our two very separate lives ever be compatible?

No, I wouldn’t think that way. That was an excuse to deny myself happiness. And Hudson and I both deserved some happiness, for once in our lives.

The object of my desire stood and crossed to me, lifting the hand that held my purse. “I slept. Now I’m awake.” That simple touch quieted my trepidation to a dull buzz, easy to ignore under the thud of my heart. That’s what Hudson did to me, overwhelmed and astounded me in such a beautifully delicious way.

He took my purse from me and moved to set it on the end table.

Without his contact, my nerves returned and mindless small talk slipped from my lips. “I’ve never been in a penthouse before. Unless you count the loft.” The loft above his office, the place where he’d fucked me to oblivion. Thank god the dark room hid my blush. “This is beautiful, H.”

“You’ve barely seen any of it.” He didn’t cringe at my absurd nickname for him. Perhaps he was getting used to it.

“But what I can see…” My eyes scanned the expansive living room, noting the ornate detail of the architecture and the simplicity of the styling. “It’s incredible.”

“I’m glad you like it.”

“It’s much different than I expected. Not like the loft. That’s what I thought it would be like.” The loft was black and leather, masculine and strong. This place was white and light—I could tell that even in the low glow of the lamp and the moon.

“Alayna.”

My name on his tongue sent goose bumps to the surface of my skin. How could he still do that to me? Turn me on with only a word? Turn me into knots so easily?

“The furniture is so different, too.” Nervousness drove me to talk, avoiding the connection we’d make the minute I gave in. I stepped toward the white sofa and ran my hand across the expensive upholstery. “But Celia decorated this place too, right?”

His voice tightened. “She did.”

Celia Werner, his childhood friend and ex-fiancée. Well, not really, but practically. Why had I brought her up? Was I trying to destroy us? Celia had been a constant source of tension in our relationship since Hudson had hired me to convince his mother that we were together. Sophia Pierce, believing her son was incapable of love, thought a pairing with the daughter of her good friends the Werners was a perfect match for Hudson. Even if he couldn’t feel anything for her, Celia could at least keep him in line—keep him from getting in trouble with his addictions.

Except it turned out Hudson could love. And during our ruse, he’d fallen in love with me.

Still, Hudson had something with Celia, a bond that fueled my jealousy. Deflecting, I moved to the windows. “The view here… “

“Alayna.”

I pressed my face against the glass and looked down to the world far below. “It’s gorgeous.”

Hudson came up behind me, his warmth emanating against my back even though he hadn’t yet touched me. “Alayna, look at me.”

Slowly, I turned to him.

He lifted my chin up, forcing me to meet his eyes. “You’re nervous. Don’t be. I want you here.”

His words were the consolation I needed, sending calm over every part of my worry like a blanket smothering a fire. “Are you sure?” I’d been eased, but I wanted more where that came from. “You’ve never brought a woman here before, have you? It’s weird, isn’t it?”

His thumb stroked my cheek, my skin awakening under his caress. “It’s different, because I haven’t brought a woman here, but it’s not weird. And I am completely sure that I want you to be here.”

I thrilled at the confirmation that I was the first woman he’d allowed in, the first woman he’d make love to in this house. “Me, too. I mean, I’m sure that I want to be here.” His gaze burned into me. I could get lost there forever and that scared me just enough.

Looking for a way to keep myself, for only a moment longer, I glanced over at the room connected to the living room. “What’s over there? Is that the dining room?”

“I’ll give you a tour in the morning.” He brought his other hand up to cradle my face, capturing my eyes again with his.

“A tour in the morning,” I repeated. And there I went—lost to him. “But not now.”

“No, not now. Now I want to welcome you to my home.” His mouth crashed into mine, taking me to dizzying heights that put the view behind me to shame. His lips sucked my own before his tongue slid inside my mouth with delicious strokes that threw me off balance, provoking me to throw my arms around his neck and hold on for dear life.

He moved a hand from my face to wrap around my waist and pulled me into him where I could feel his erection against my thigh through the thin material of his boxers. His other hand reached behind my head to tangle in my hair. I pressed my breasts into him, needing to feel him with every part of my body.

A moan caught in the back of Hudson’s throat, vibrating underneath our kiss and kindling the desire in my belly. I shifted, trying to get closer, my leg antsy to hook around him.

His lips still wrapped around mine, he said, “I do have one room I want to show you tonight.”

“I hope it’s the bedroom.”

“It is.” In a blur of motion, he lifted me in his arms and headed back to the foyer I’d come from. Just like that he carried me away, the movement imitating the effect he had on me in general—with him, I was a branch in a roaring river, rushing toward the sea. And Hudson, he was the current, pulling me whichever way he wanted to take me. I was at his mercy.

He’d promised me that he wouldn’t play his manipulative games with me, that he’d never try to control me. But it was a promise he couldn’t keep. He swept me away with him whether he intended to or not. And that was perfectly fine with me.

He carried me through the foyer, kissing me as he did until we reached the end of the hallway where he turned into what had to be the master bedroom. My attention still entirely on him, I only registered that he was laying me on a king-size bed, the light gray sheets disheveled on one side, the left side. His side. The intimacy of being in the place that Hudson slept, had slept in earlier that evening, shot a pang of need to my already aching core. I wanted him on me and in me, not standing above me gazing down with hooded eyes.

He’d take his time with me though, and there was no use disputing his tempo. There was no reason to dispute. Though a dominant lover, he always focused his attention on my needs, always attended to me in the ways he knew best. And god, did he know me best, knew how to turn my body boneless and sated, knew how to arouse and love me, even when I didn’t.

His hand lagged down the length of my leg to my ankle where he removed my strappy sandal with a gentleness that had me writhing. He repeated the action with my other shoe, then knelt over me to deliver a brief kiss. I reached up to pull him in for more, but he resisted.

“Last time we went quickly. This time I need to savor you.” Last time had been fast and fraught, a reprieve mid-argument, on the new couch in the manager’s office at The Sky Launch, and he hadn’t left me with any complaints. But being savored sounded pretty damn awesome, too.

With a trail of wet kisses, he made his way down my body to the hem of my dress. With a wicked gleam in his eyes, he shoved the material up around my waist, placing a kiss on the center of my want.

A moan escaped my lips and he chuckled softly. His fingers slipped under the band of my panties, pulling them off and tossing them aside. He hooked my leg over his shoulder and then his mouth was back on me, licking and sucking greedily at the bundle of nerves between my thighs.

I was already delirious from pleasure when he slipped two fingers inside me, probing and twisting until he pulled my orgasm from me with ease. I shuddered and quaked while he climbed up to reclaim my mouth where he kissed me with deep hunger.

The soft sounds he made as he devoured me, the taste of me on his tongue, the jab of his cock in my thigh—it was only half a minute before the tightness built again in my belly, ready for another ride up the hill to ecstasy. Drawn to touch him, my hand found his cock and rubbed it through his underwear.

His mouth broke from mine with a groan. I nudged at him to roll to his side while I continued to stroke him. “Boxers? Do you wear these often?”

“To bed.”

“I like them. I’ve never seen you in them.” My hand slipped inside the opening of his shorts, marveling as I always did at the softness of his thick shaft in my hand, at the heat rolling off his skin.

“Because when I go to bed with you—” His voice broke as I ran my hand across his crown. “I wear nothing.”

“Oh, yeah. I like that even better.” It was my turn to slip my hand into the band of his underwear and pull them down his strong legs, my eyes pinned on the gorgeous sight of his erection as I did.

As soon as his boxers hit the floor, he drew me to him again. “I like it when you’re wearing nothing.” His fingers were already tugging my dress up over my belly. “You need to be wearing nothing right now.”

“I won’t argue.” I sat up to help him pull the outfit over my head. He tossed the dress aside and his hands circled around me to unhook my bra, freeing my breasts. Then he was stretched out over me, his penis hot at my entrance for only a second before he plunged inside of me, penetrating me, stretching me, filling me the way only he could.

He turned to his side, taking me with him, and I wrapped a leg around him, urging him deeper. He’d wanted to savor me, but either he changed his mind or he couldn’t contain himself, unleashing his passion with rapid thrusts. Each time he drove in, he hit a tender spot that made me crazy, drawing another climax to surface, starting in my core, tightening my thighs, traveling down to curl my toes as it rolled through my body.

Hudson continued his assault, increasing his speed until he grunted out his own release. He collapsed, still inside me, and gathered me in his arms to spread kisses down my face—an unusually tender gesture from the guarded man I’d grown to love. I delighted in the sweetness of it.

“Did I mention that I’m awfully glad you’re here?” he asked, breaking his sentence to continue his trail of kisses.

Hearing those words meant everything. I recognized it as Hudson’s version of I love you. He hadn’t brought himself to say it to me directly—he was too new to the emotion, and I didn’t expect it. Though he had accepted it earlier in the evening when I’d informed him that I knew he was in love with me, and he hadn’t freaked when I told him I was in love with him.

Still, I didn’t fool myself into thinking we’d have instant hearts and roses. Baby steps. Saying how he felt at all was a step in itself. That it included how he felt about me equaled two steps in my book.

I ran my hand through his hair as his mouth lowered to my neck. “You did say it. And if you hadn’t, I think I figured it out.” I waggled my eyebrows to make sure he knew I was referring to what had just occurred physically. “But you can tell me as many times as you’d like.” In as many different ways as you’d like, I added silently.

He shifted over me and sucked further down my body, heading toward my breasts. Obviously, we were already headed for round two. “I’m glad you’re here, precious.” He tugged my nipple between his teeth then eased the sting with a swirl of his tongue.

I drew in a deep breath, delighting in the mix of pleasure and pain as he showered my other breast with the same attention. His nickname for me, precious, floated through my mind as his mouth licked at my skin. He’d called me that since our first sexual encounter, nearly two weeks before. Had it only been that long? And had it only been another week before that when I’d first met him at the club, when I didn’t yet know he was the Hudson Pierce? It already seemed like a lifetime. The term of endearment he used for me had held weight from the first moment he’d said it. But we’d only just met then. Maybe it didn’t have as much meaning as I attributed to it.

Curiosity overtook me even though my body was already vibrating under his ardor. “Why do you call me that, anyway?”

He answered without looking up from my bosom. “Because you are.”

“You started calling me precious before you could ever possibly know.”

“Not true.” He propped his elbow up on the bed and leaned his head on his hand. “I knew the minute I first saw you.”

For a brief second I thought he meant at the bar—the first night I had seen him. Then I remembered he’d seen me nearly two weeks before that when I was still working on my MBA and he’d been in the audience during my graduate symposium. I hadn’t found out about that until later, and he’d barely told me anything about it.

I propped my torso up on my elbows and eagerly waited for him to continue.

“You were on that stage at Stern,” he said, his hand stroking along the dip and curve of my waist to my hip. “When you started your presentation, you were nervous. It took you a few minutes to fall into the rhythm of your speech. But when you hit your stride, you were magnificent. Yet you had no idea. It was completely obvious that it never crossed your mind that the room was full of people who would have hired you had you spoken to any of them. Thank god, you didn’t. Because I watched them watch you and I knew. I knew that they saw you were smart. They saw you had business savvy. But none of them recognized the rare jewel that stood before them. Precious.”

Tears stung at the corners of my eyes. No one had ever seen me like that, no had ever even looked. Not my parents before they died or my brother, Brian, or any of the men I’d ever dated or obsessed over. No one.

“I love you, Hudson.” It was out before I could think not to say it, before I could worry about him freaking like he had the first time I’d voiced my feelings for him. I wouldn’t have been able to keep the words inside if I’d wanted to—they were always at the surface now, at risk of tumbling off my tongue at any given moment. If we were going to make a relationship work, we’d both have to get comfortable with it.

My eyes never left his while he processed my declaration.

Then, in a flash, he covered his body with mine. Bracing one hand under my neck, he circled my nose with his. “You can tell me that as many times as you like,” he said, repeating my earlier words.

“I plan on it.” But it came out mumbled, lost inside his mouth as his lips overtook mine, and we expressed our emotions with our tongues and hands and bodies and a slew of other ways that didn’t require talking.





Chapter Two





Awareness of movement in the room woke me the next morning. I opened my eyes and saw Hudson adjusting his tie in front of the dresser mirror, his back to me. He had yet to put on his jacket so I had a full view of his tight behind. God, that man could wear a suit. He could wear nothing as easily. I wasn’t choosy.

He met my eyes in the mirror and a slight smile graced his lips. “Good morning.”

“Morning. I’m enjoying the view.”

“So am I.”

I blushed and pulled the sheet up over my naked body. The room seemed awfully light for as early as it had to be. “What time is it?” I glanced around for a clock and found none.

“Almost eleven.” He finished with his tie—a silver patterned one that brought out his eyes—and opened a drawer, retrieving a pair of dress socks.

Eleven? Hudson was usually at work before eight. “Why are you still here? Shouldn’t you have made half a million dollars by now?”

“Half a billion,” he said, straight-faced, as he sat on the bed next to me. “But they don’t need me for that. I canceled my morning.”

“When did you do that?” I was mesmerized with watching him put on his socks. It shouldn’t be so sexy to watch a man get dressed, yet my belly tightened and my girl parts started humming.

“Last night. Before you got here.”

“Smart thinking.” His invitation to spend the night in his penthouse had come at the beginning of my shift at The Sky Launch. I’d obsessed about it the entire evening, but being at work, there was nothing I could do to prepare for it. I didn’t even have a change of clothing or a toothbrush. It hadn’t occurred to me that Hudson would have used the time to get ready for my arrival. But of course he did. He was a very organized man, a planner with a fine attention to detail.

And since two rounds of lovemaking had transpired, we hadn’t gone to sleep until nearly six in the morning. Canceling his morning was good planning indeed.

I yawned and stretched my arms over my head, the sheet falling below my breasts as I did.

Socks on, Hudson stood and peered down at me, his eyes clouding as he perused my naked body. “Fuck, Alayna, you’re making me want to cancel my afternoon, too. And I can’t cancel my afternoon.”

I grinned. “Sorry.” But I wasn’t. Hudson could make me wet from across a crowded room. It was nice to think I had some of the same power over him. “Um, I need to get up. Is that going to be too…distracting?”

He narrowed his eyes at me then turned and disappeared into a closet returning with a cream robe. “Here.”

I took the robe from him, not bothering to put it on until I was standing.

“You’re a wicked, wicked woman,” he said as he watched me pull the garment around myself.

“And you love it.”

Without acknowledging my statement, he nodded toward a closed door. “The bathroom’s there. There should be brand new toothbrushes in one of the drawers. Look around until you find what you need.”

“Thank you.” I crossed to him and gave him a peck on the cheek before making my way to the bathroom to pee.

It hadn’t been a cuddly afterglow morning like we’d spent together at Mabel Shores, his family’s summer house in the Hamptons. But this was Hudson—aloof and compartmentalized. He was focused on getting to work, and, to his credit, he’d been pretty hospitable considering.

I found the toothbrush easily; as he’d said, there was a drawer full of them. While I brushed, I wondered about that. What was with the surplus? Did he simply want to always be prepared, in case he needed a new one? Maybe he believed toothbrushes should be disposable. He certainly could afford that attitude.

Or did he have them for overnight guests? Female overnight guests, to be precise.

I might have decided I was being paranoid, except it wasn’t only the toothbrushes. Now that I looked around, there was floral scented deodorant by one of the sinks with a bottle of women’s face cream and another bottle of moisturizer next to it.

And the robe—the woman’s robe that I was wearing at that very moment —where had that come from?

A chill ran down my spine. I tightened the sash around myself, despite my growing concern that I was wearing clothing that belonged to someone else. To another woman. Another woman in Hudson’s life.

Okay, okay. No need to panic. Maybe there had been other women before me at the penthouse. That was fine. Not wonderful, but fine. I just wished he hadn’t lied about it. And why had he lied about it?

I opened the moisturizer and brought the bottle to my nose. It smelled fresh and familiar—was that the scent Celia wore?

Now I was being ridiculous. Paranoid, even. Knowing that didn’t change the sick, angry emotion rooting through my gut. It was a feeling I’d once been very intimate with. The driving force of most of the unhealthy behaviors I’d acted upon in the past. Behaviors I did not want to relive.

I had to get calm, handle the situation constructively. I forced myself to count to ten. In between each number I repeated the mantra I’d learned in counseling: when in doubt, talk it out. One, when in doubt, talk it out. Two, when in doubt, talk it out.

Yeah, easier said than done.

By the time I reached four, the mantra had turned into when in fucking doubt and still I was very much doubting.

But that was my tendency, my go-to in all of my relationships. I jumped to conclusions—conclusions that very often were way off-base and unfounded. Late nights at work meant another girlfriend. Mysterious phone calls meant cheating. With my previous boyfriends, I never asked. I assumed. I accused.

Not this time. This time I would be different. Even though the evidence suggested that Hudson had lied to me, I couldn’t accept that as fact. I would have to ask him about it.

I scrubbed my face clean with the facial cream, hoping that stalling before I talked to Hudson would relieve the simmer of fury. After patting my face dry with a hand towel, I convinced myself that I was together enough to address him and started out of the bathroom, grabbing the cream and moisturizer to take with me as evidence.

So, maybe collecting evidence was more of an attack than a discussion tactic. As long as I didn’t end up throwing them, I considered it an improvement on my past.

Hudson wasn’t in the bedroom when I came out, so I made my way out through the apartment until I found him in the kitchen. He’d donned his suit jacket now, and he stood at the kitchen table, reading the paper as he drank from a mug.

He looked up when I appeared. “I made you some—”

“Why do you have all this stuff?” Though I’d cut him off, I was pretty sure my question sounded more curious than accusatory. Hopefully.

“What stuff?”

“This stuff.” I set the bottles on the table in front of him. All right, maybe it was closer to a slam. “And you have a plethora of toothbrushes and this woman’s robe. Why do you have a woman’s robe?”

His eyes narrowed and he took a sip from his beverage before answering. “I have more than the robe. I have several pieces of women’s clothing in the extra closet in my bedroom.”

“That’s not helping.” The panic I thought I had smothered deep inside worked its way up my throat, tightening my voice. “You told me you never had a woman here before.”

“Do I detect a hint of jealousy?”

The gleam in his eye unleashed me. “You detect more than a fucking hint. Also, a whole lot of suspicion. Come on, H, this isn’t any way to start a relationship. If you’ve had a woman here—if this is someone else’s clothing I’m wearing—I need to know.” My eyes burned, but I managed to keep them pinned on him.

Hudson set his mug down and turned his whole body toward me.

I kept my hand on the table, bracing myself for whatever excuse he’d give. What he said—if he chose to speak the truth, if I chose to believe him—it could make or break us.

“They’re yours, Alayna.”

“What?” That, I wasn’t expecting.

“I purchased them for you. Except the toothbrushes. My housekeeper buys me those so I have plenty for when I travel. The clothing and cosmetics are yours.”

Mine?

No, it wasn’t possible.

I swallowed. “When did you get them?” Had he been planning for me to be there before he invited me? Or was this part of the scam we’d tried to pull on his mother, a piece of proof that we were a couple should anyone look in his closet?

“Last night after I left the club.”

Last night. “But that was almost eight.” He’d left me at the start of my shift. That couldn’t have possibly been enough time to arrange anything. “How did—”

“I understand what it looks like,” he cut me off. “There’s likely still a tag on the robe if you…” He reached his hand inside my collar and tugged. “Yes, see?” He held up a tag, the price—an extravagant price for a robe—listed boldly under the size.

I glanced over at the cosmetic bottles again. They were completely full, seemingly unused. I hadn’t realized that in my heated emotion. But, still, I had questions. “Why? How...?”

“Why? Because I knew you’d have nothing to wear today and I didn’t want you to have to do the so-called walk of shame through my lobby. Plus I figured you’d want to wash that club makeup off your face and freshen up a bit. As for how…I have people.”

I ran my hands through my hair. “You have people.” The tension in my shoulders relaxed slightly as I processed what he’d said. He’d left me at work and then he’d prepared. As he always prepared. He’d canceled his morning. He’d arranged to have clothing for me. Even at that late hour, Hudson managed to make arrangements. Because he had people.

“Mirabelle?” I asked. Hudson’s sister, Mira, owned her own boutique. She knew my size, knew what I’d look good in.

“Yes.” He cocked his head. “And others.”

Others like the same people he had launder and deliver my undies within a couple of hours when I’d left them at his office one time. Like Jordan who was always available to drive me to and fro at the drop of a hat. I’d known he had others.

“Oh.” A medley of emotions washed over me as I let the pieces settle into place. I was relieved to find my jealousy was unfounded and delighted to realize how much thought Hudson had put into my arrival at his apartment. I was also touched to know he was serious about wanting our relationship to work, because didn’t this type of preparation show sincerity?

But then I also felt embarrassed. And ashamed. I’d overreacted, and even though I hadn’t gone crazy like I would have in the past, I felt the seed of it inside. It scared me. Scared me to know Hudson saw it too.

I lowered my eyes to my hands where I wrung the sash of the robe anxiously. “It must be nice to have people,” I mumbled. “I want people.” Silly, senseless words, but they were all I had.

Hudson lifted my chin to meet his stare. “I want you.”

The look on his face—he wasn’t upset by my outburst at all. Other men had been scared away by similar unfounded accusations. But Hudson—not only did his expression show an absence of fear, it showed hunger, desire. Almost as though my paranoia was a turn-on.

“You have me,” I whispered.

He took the sash from my hands and pulled the knot free. “I want you right now.” His hand wrapped around my breast, squeezing as his thumb flicked across my nipple.

“Oh, you want me, want me.”

“Uh-huh.” He shifted me so my backside was against the table. Flattening his palm between my breasts, he pushed me down; the surface of the table met hard with my backside and a brief flash of worry about spilling his coffee and breaking the cosmetic bottles entered my mind.

“And I want you now.”

Fuck the coffee. Let it spill.

Hudson nudged me back so that my bottom met up with the edge of the table, scooting the bottles out of the way with his arm as he did. I was laid out before him now, my robe open to expose the most intimate parts of me.

His eyes darkened as he rubbed his hands in long strokes from my belly up to my breasts and back again. Then they went lower, to the center of my desire.

“I could stare at your pussy all day long.” His fingers slid through my folds and circled my hole.

“Don’t you have to be somewhere?” My voice didn’t sound like mine, breathy and needy and desperate.

And what the hell was I doing? I didn’t want him to leave. I didn’t want him to stop. Please, god, don’t let him stop.

“I do have someplace to be. We’ll have to be quick.” His hands left me to work on opening his pants. “But I’m not leaving here without fucking you good morning.”

I may have sighed out loud in anticipation.

Leaning up on my elbows, I watched as Hudson adjusted his pants and briefs enough to free his stiff cock. A sight I’d never tire of. And it was all mine, only mine.

Another random worry crossed my mind. “Your housekeeper isn’t going to walk in on us, is she?”

“She comes on Tuesday and Friday. If I’m not mistaken, it’s Wednesday.” He grabbed my ankles and bent my legs up. “And if she did walk in, would you care?”

He thrust in.

“No,” I gasped. Right then I didn’t care about anything but the man in front of me. The man inside me. The man who wanted me, wanted me in his house, wanted me in his bed. Wanted me in his life despite my shortcomings.

Hudson pulled out and pressed back in, again and again, the sturdy table rocking with the force of his jabs. He adopted a rapid tempo, apparently serious about the have to be quick. At this rate, he’d be there soon.

He adjusted his grip on my ankles and folded my knees into my chest, the new position bringing him deeper inside me. “Touch yourself, precious.” His voice was tight with effort to hold on. “Let’s come together.”

Without hesitation, I moved my hand to rub my clit, swirling the bud at a speed that matched his. I’d done this before—played with myself for his viewing pleasure. It was a turn-on for him, based on how quickly it always brought him to release.

It was a turn on for me, too. To see the pleasure in his face, to feel his drive increase as I writhed and moaned at my own touch—there was nothing hotter. Already, I was tightening, clenching around him.

“That’s it, Alayna.” His face contorted. “Fuck, that’s… it…” His voice broke as he came, shoving deeper into me as his climax erupted.

My hand fell to the table, my body numb.

He smiled as he pulled out. “How was that?”

He knew the answer. The perv wanted to hear me say it.

I grinned. “You can fuck me good morning anytime you want.”

“I wouldn’t mind fucking you good morning every morning.” He reached behind him to grab a paper towel off the kitchen counter while I pretended not to read a million things into his statement. I continued to pretend while he cleaned himself up and did up his pants.

He raised his brows and gestured toward me. For a moment I thought he might know what I was thinking—how being with him every morning implied living with him, how that was too soon, how I never thought anything was too soon because I was an obsessive freak who wanted to cling, how I was ultimately unable to handle such a proposition with my history.

Then I realized he was simply asking if I needed the paper towels, too. “I’m jumping in the shower.” Shit, he hadn’t said I could stay. “If that’s okay, I mean.” Was it totally inappropriate for me to ask if I could lounge around his place while he went to work? Because until that very second, that’s exactly what I had planned.

Hudson reached his hand out to help me down from my perch. Reaching around me, he grabbed the ends of my sash and tied it at my waist. “It’s more than okay. I want you to stay. I planned that you would stay.” Which meant I would likely find women’s shampoo and conditioner in the shower, too.

Hudson’s phone buzzed and he pulled it out of his suit pocket to read his text message. “My driver’s here. Seems I used up the time I meant to spend giving you the penthouse tour.”

I shrugged. “Whoops.”

“You’ll have to explore on your own.” He walked to the kitchen sink and washed his hands.

“Are you giving me permission to snoop? Because it sounds like you are and you don’t understand—I’m a snooper.”

He chuckled. “I don’t doubt it. I have nothing to hide. Snoop away. Use the gym. Take a nap. There’s food in the fridge. Do and take whatever you like. You work at eight tonight?”

“Yes.” I’d stopped being surprised by Hudson’s omniscient way of knowing my schedule. It was the sort of thing I’d usually do—memorize a guy’s schedule, find out all the details of his life. It was kind of nice to be on the other side of that for once.

“Good. I’ll make sure I’m home by six.” Home. He said it like it was our place, not his. Another ping of anxiety stabbed at my chest. “We’ll have dinner together before you leave.”

“I hope you aren’t expecting me to cook.” Or to not latch on.

“Don’t be silly. I’ll arrange for the cook to come.”

I nodded, my insides turned into knots by Hudson’s easiness about our relationship.

“Oh, and the books for the library should be here today. There’s an intercom there.” He pointed to the wall by the light switch. “And one in the hallway by the elevators and a third one in the bedroom. When security buzzes up, you can approve the delivery and the guard will let them up.”

“Sure thing.” Trusting me with intercoms and security…this was getting bigger by the minute. “Wait, books?”

“Yes, I ordered a few books. Since you said it was your favorite part of the library.”

“Right.” It had been part of our charade for his mother. She didn’t believe I had ever been to Hudson’s penthouse and, of course, I hadn’t. Meaning to trick me, she’d asked me what my favorite room was. I had said the library. An avid reader, the library was a natural room for me to choose, and I mentioned my love of books to Sophia. Apparently, though, Hudson’s library didn’t have any books.

Not at the time, anyway. “I still feel somehow tricked about that whole thing, by the way. But when did you have a chance to order them?”

The conversation had only taken place on Sunday when we’d been at his parent’s place in the Hamptons. The day I voiced for the first time that I was falling in love. The day before he’d left me alone with his family while he went to try to save one of his companies, Plexis, from being sold.

“I ordered them Monday night from my hotel. After the deal with Plexis.” His voice held the slightest hint of disappointment when he said the name of his company. His disappointment mirrored how I was suddenly feeling. “What is it?”

I considered saying nothing, but the talk it out mantra replayed in my head. “It’s silly, but I’d convinced myself you hadn’t called me or anything because you didn’t have time. But it seems you did.” Hudson had left me without anything but a brief text. He didn’t call or contact me until more than a day later. I had believed we were over then. I’d been devastated and heartbroken. Now I found he was ordering books when he could have been calling me? “Like I said, it’s silly.”

Hudson tugged me into his arms. “I was trying to not be with you at the time, Alayna. But I couldn’t sleep that night. Because I couldn’t stop thinking about you.” He kissed me on the forehead as I furrowed my brow. “Tell me—what’s going on in there?”

“It’s just…” How could I express the myriad of emotions that I’d been through that morning? Especially this growing fear tugging at my gut—this fear that anything that seemed too good to be true usually was.

I took a shaky breath. “You’ve made a complete one-eighty, Hudson. About you and me. You were so intent to be only sex only half a day ago. And now…who are you?” It scared me. It made me doubt what he felt. It made me wonder if he was playing games with me.

Hudson cupped my face in his hands and pierced me with his deep gray eyes. “Don’t do that. I mean it.”

He widened his eyes, making sure I was with him.

I was.

“I’m the same man, Alayna. A man who commits to whichever plan he’s chosen. I had told myself I couldn’t have you. So I didn’t let myself even try.”

“And now you’ve let yourself.” I said it like a statement, but it was really a question. A question that I absolutely needed answered.

“Yes. And I will commit to this new plan as fiercely as the other. Even more fiercely. Because that plan was a compromise.” He pressed his forehead against mine. “This plan is the one I should have pursued to begin with. It’s the better plan.”

My throat tightened. “The plan with the greater potential of profit.”

“Unfathomable potential.” He parted his lips and bent in for a kiss, sucking gently as he moved his mouth over mine. It was a sweet and tender kiss and it ended too quickly. “I have to go. Save more of that for later.”

“Always.”

I walked with him to the foyer. He retrieved his briefcase from the closet then kissed my forehead once more before stepping into the elevator. We stood, eyes latched until the doors closed.

As soon as he was gone, I fell against the foyer wall. Oh my god, was this really happening? Was I really making myself at home in the penthouse of my billionaire boyfriend? I felt like Cinderella. Or Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman. Did Hudson really want me in his life like this or was I completely insane?

I was insane. Insanely happy.

With a squeal, I ran to the living room and threw myself on the sofa. I closed my eyes and replayed the morning in my mind—waking up in Hudson’s bed, the hot sex on the kitchen table. But what I focused on the most were his words.

I’d like to fuck you good morning every morning.

I’ll be home by six.

I couldn’t stop thinking about you.

Unfathomable potential.

After several minutes of grinning so widely my cheeks hurt, the doubts started to creep in again, as they always did. Was it truly possible for Hudson to change so completely, seemingly overnight? Or was I merely a game he was playing? Maybe he wasn’t even conscious of what he was doing and he was manipulating me and my emotions out of habit.

Or maybe, like I, he didn’t know how to do this relationship thing and he was simply acting the way he thought he should, even if that meant rushing.

Possibly it was all completely genuine. I felt those things for him after all. I wanted to be with him every day, all the time. I was ready for that commitment level, even though I wouldn’t have said so two days before.

But I jumped into things, clung too quickly. That was my way.

Maybe it was Hudson’s way too.

I sat up and glanced around the room. I had been serious when I’d said I was a snooper and usually I’d jump right on that. But I didn’t feel the need to at the moment. I did feel the need to get in the shower and clean up. I was still sticky from the evening before, not to mention our morning activities.

I went back to the master bedroom, noting on the way a closed door that most likely led to the library as well as another bedroom. In the master, I stepped into the closet Hudson had retrieved my robe from. It was a walk-in and was mostly empty except for one rack of clothes. There were a few dresses most likely meant for the club, several pairs of shorts, jeans and sweat pants, and a rack of tops. One dresser drawer was partially opened so I pulled it out the rest of the way and found panties and bras. There was also a negligee. I guess I knew what Hudson wanted me to wear to bed that night.

I let out a happy sigh and headed to the bathroom, this time noticing a closed door on my way. I peeked in and discovered it was a second walk-in closet, this one full of Hudson’s clothing. I walked through, running my hands along the rows of suits. Was it ridiculous how much I adored seeing his clothes like this? It felt so personal, so intimate. As if by being in the center of his closet, I was in the center of his life. I twirled around slowly, basking in the metaphor. It felt warm and completely right.

My shower was long and hot. If I’d been in my studio apartment, I’d have run out of hot water long before the time I finally stepped out from the luxuriating pulse of Hudson’s deluxe showerhead. I wrapped a towel around my body and put my hair in a turban, then left the bathroom to pick out some clothes from my closet.

My closet.

But once I was in the bedroom, I heard voices coming from the main part of the apartment and a click of heels on the marble floor in the foyer.

It couldn’t be the housekeeper—not only was she not due in that day, but she would have been alone. And surely she wouldn’t be wearing heels. Maybe Hudson had forgotten to tell me something. Like, that his mother was visiting. God, wouldn’t that just be the way to ruin my day?

I bit my lip. My phone was in my purse, which was still in the living room, so I couldn’t call or text Hudson to ask who could be in his house. I glanced at the intercom. Should I call down to security? But whoever was there had gotten past security without a problem. Whoever it was had a key.

And from the sound of her heels and soprano voice, it was a woman.

Pressing my body tight against the wall, I peered around the door frame and down the hall. Her back toward me, I saw a woman dressed in a light blue sundress, directing men with boxes toward the library. Her hair, wrapped into a loose yellow bun at her nape, was what gave her away.

It was the woman Hudson grew up with. The woman Hudson had falsely claimed he’d gotten pregnant. The woman Hudson’s mother had wanted him to marry.

It was Celia Werner.





Chapter Three





One of the delivery men spotted me and nodded his head in my direction. Panic bubbled in my chest as Celia turned to see what he was gesturing at. I ducked back around the corner, but not before she saw me.

“Laynie?”

Shit, shit, shit. I didn’t want to see her, didn’t want her to see me.

Her heels clicked as she walked down the hall toward the bedroom. “Alayna, is that you?” She peeked into the room and found me pressed against the wall, still dressed only in a towel.

“Hi.”

“Wow.” Her smile brightened as her eyes moved up and down my body, taking in my lack of clothing. “I didn’t expect you to be here.”

This was ridiculous. I was acting like I’d been caught doing something wrong, but I hadn’t. I had every right to be there and, as far as I knew, Celia did not.

I straightened my back and stepped away from the wall. “I didn’t expect you either. Hudson didn’t say you were delivering the books.”

Celia shook her head. “He didn’t know. He ordered them through my office and my schedule was open today, so I thought I’d make sure they got here okay and help unpack them if need be.”

“You have a key.” It was honestly the only thing going through my mind at that point, and I hated how pathetic I sounded mentioning it. I had a key too, after all.

She leaned her shoulder against the door jam. “I do. Since I did the interior decorating. We’re always updating, and we thought it was easiest for me to keep a key.” Her eyes glanced over to the unmade bed, sheets in disarray from my night with Hudson. When she looked back at me, her smile seemed wider. “I did buzz though before I came up and there was no answer.”

“I was in the shower.”

“I see that.” She winked, and I knew she was saying that she was seeing more than me wrapped in a towel. She was getting the whole picture.

Well, good. I was glad. Then I wouldn’t have to feel like a jerk when I spelled it out for her. Hudson and I were together now. Whatever anyone else had ever planned for Celia and Hudson, it was moot. I was the one he’d chosen. End of discussion.

Except that discussion had only occurred in my head. Some things probably still had to be said out loud.

Celia seemed to be thinking the same thing. “Look, let me get finished with the delivery guys and you can get dressed. Then we can chat or whatever. It seems we have some catching up to do.”

She shut the door behind her, and I let out a deep breath. I wasn’t sure why Celia’s presence was giving me so much anxiety. She wasn’t a threat to me. She felt like one, though. I’d been jealous of her since I’d met her. As Hudson’s oldest friend, she knew him better than anyone. He told her things. He kept her secrets. She’d been the only one who knew about Hudson and me pretending to be a couple. It was an intimate friendship they had.

Hudson had insisted that friendship was the only thing between them. I had to trust that or the envy would tear me apart. The whole charade had started in the first place so that Celia and Hudson’s parents would stop trying to pair up the two. If there really had been something between them, then why would I have been brought into the middle?

I’d only discovered the day before that the reason the Werners and Sophia Pierce were so keen on playing matchmaker was because they thought Hudson and Celia had been together in the past. They thought Hudson was the father of the baby Celia had miscarried. But he wasn’t, and they had never been together. The truth was worse—Hudson had played Celia, had tricked her into falling for him, had sent her spiraling into depression and wild partying. So when she’d ended up pregnant, he felt responsible and claimed parentage.

In a way, Hudson had been responsible. But he wasn’t the man of his youth anymore. He wasn’t so responsible that his games had to follow him for the rest of his life. I couldn’t believe that. Otherwise I would have to believe the same about the things I’d done to others. Certainly even people like us—people who had been so broken that we destroyed others around us—deserved happiness of our own. We didn’t have to spend our entire existence making up for our mistakes. Did we?

I brushed the guilty thoughts out of my mind and quickly changed into a dress I could wear to the club later. I threw my wet hair into a bun and took a deep breath before opening the door.

The delivery men had already left, and I found Celia straightening a row of boxes into an orderly line. There were dozens of boxes, many more than I had anticipated. “Damn. He went all out, didn’t he?”

Celia looked up from her task. “He always does. But as I’m sure you’ve noticed, he has lots of shelves to fill.”

I scanned the room for the first time. A large mahogany desk sat at the far end surrounded by a curved wall of windows. Two armchairs and a long sofa created a sitting area in the middle of the room. A beautiful marble fireplace graced the center of one wall with a large flat-screen television set centered above it. The rest of the wall space was filled with shelves. Shelves and shelves—a booklover’s dream. Except that only one small section near the desk had any books on it.

“Uh, yeah. These boxes are barely going to put a dent in that shelf space.”

“He ordered more, but this is what was already in stock. The rest should come in the next few days or so. And, yes, he’ll still have a lot of empty space. Maybe you can help him fill the rest.”

Was that supposed to be a leading statement? Was she trying to get me to open up about Hudson?

If she wanted to know, she’d have to come out and ask. I responded to her statement with a simple, “Maybe.” I joined her in pushing the boxes into a line against the wall, doing a count of them as I did. Twenty-seven in total. Guess I knew how I was spending my afternoon. Unpacking books—the thought had me more excited than it should.

I nudged the last box into line with the others and turned to find Celia staring at me, arms crossed over her chest, one light brow cocked. “So. You and Hudson.”

“Yeah. Crazy, right?” Celia had only ever been nice to me. Why was this so awkward?

“It’s real then? You’re really together?”

“We are. No more pretending. It’s the real deal now.” It felt strange to say that. With other relationships my declarations were most likely exaggerations. Was I exaggerating now?

No. I wasn’t. This was real.

“Since when?” The question didn’t sound disbelieving, but curious. Excited, even. “I was with him Monday and he didn’t say anything had changed between you, though he did seem awfully lovesick. I thought he was being moody about his business-whatever that was going on. But now that I see you here, I’m thinking it was about you.”

Celia had driven Hudson from his parents’ house in the Hamptons to the airport for his business emergency with Plexis. “Just since yesterday. When he came back from Cincinnati, we sort of had it out and then—” I suddenly realized the source of the awkwardness. Though Celia and Hudson hadn’t ever been together for real, she had thought she loved him. I had no reason to be jealous of her, but she had plenty reason to be jealous of me. “Is this weird for me to talk about?”

“Weird? Why?” Her face relaxed with understanding. “Oh, he told you.”

“He did.” I wasn’t sure how she’d feel knowing I knew such intimate details of her life. “I’m sorry if that makes you uncomfortable.”

“No, not at all. It surprises me. He’s never talked about it with anyone. I’m not even sure he told his therapist.” She chewed on her bottom lip for a moment. “What exactly did he say? Do you mind me asking?”

“Of course not, it’s only fair I tell you. But can we sit down first?” Maybe sitting would get rid of the confrontational feeling between us.

She nodded and we made our way to the sofa. I sat facing her, my legs curled up underneath me. “Well. He, um, explained about how he, uh, made you fall for him and then slept with your best friend. He said it was all a game. Which makes sense now, how you knew that he did that to women.” Celia had been the one who’d filled me in on Hudson’s mind games.

“Yep. I spoke from experience.” Her voice had lost some of its usual cheerfulness, but nothing seemed to indicate that talking to me was painful or unpleasant.

Her ease helped me go on. “And he told me about the baby.”

I watched her chest rise and fall before she responded. “What did he say about that?”

“That you didn’t know who the father was, so he said it was his. So you wouldn’t be disowned or disgraced or whatever. Since he felt responsible for the situation.” Even though none of the information was new to Celia—she’d lived it, after all—a part of me felt guilty for sharing things Hudson had told me in confidence.

Another part of me, a bigger part, wanted to know more about his rocky past and getting anything out of him was difficult, to say the least. Celia’s unexpected arrival brought an opportunity to learn, and I wasn’t throwing that away.

“Hmm. Well, that about covers all of it.” She tapped a long peach-painted nail on her knee as she processed. “Silly Hudson. He shouldn’t feel responsible for anything. I was a grown woman. I can own up to my actions. He doesn’t still feel that way, does he?”

“Yeah. I think he still does.” I didn’t think he did, I knew it. It was the reason he kept himself so closed off, the reason it had been so hard for him to let me in. Because of his mother or his therapist or for whatever reason, he’d been conditioned to believe that he was incapable of caring for anyone, and the horrible things he’d done to people such as Celia was his proof. That he could take his friend and manipulate her life, cause her to act so recklessly that she got pregnant from a stranger and then lost her child—that was evidence to Hudson that he was a despicable person. Because no decent person would do that in his mind.

But to me, the fact that he was so traumatized by the things he’d put Celia through was evidence of the contrary—he could feel. He cared enough to regret his actions. That didn’t show heartlessness. That showed humanity.

Celia rolled her eyes. “That’s ridiculous. He really needs to get over himself. That was practically a decade ago now. It’s old news.”

I agreed on that count. Maybe by finally having love in his life, Hudson would learn to move on.

As for Celia, I wasn’t sure she had yet. “So you don’t still have feelings for Hudson?” It wasn’t hard for me to imagine harboring an unrequited love for ten years because I obsessed. The only reason I’d gotten over some of my past obsessions was because I’d had therapy. Not that Celia suffered from the obsessive disorder I did, but it wasn’t unheard of to be in love with your friend for years and nothing ever coming of it. It was the material of great books.

What did that make me? In Celia’s story, was I the villain?

Possibly I was over-dramatizing. As always.

Celia leaned forward and put her hand over mine, taking me off-guard. “I totally have feelings for him, Laynie. He’s my best friend. I’ve loved him since I met him which was before I could even talk. But I’m not in love with him. I don’t think I ever was. He played me and I thought…well, anyway, I’m not now. My mother will tell you differently, but she believes what she wants. If I was in love with him, I would have let that arranged marriage thing work out instead of supporting a sham to throw our parents off.”

“Yeah, that makes sense.” I took my hand away from hers before it felt creepy. It already felt creepy—I wasn’t much of a touchy-feely person. “Then it doesn’t bother you that we’re together?”

“Bother me? I’m happy for him! For both of you, actually. Truthfully, I was beginning to think Sophia was right, that he couldn’t possibly love anyone because he’d never shown any inclination toward anyone. Except to mess with them, of course. It was really very sad. This is definitely a change for the better.”

I wanted to be happy with her. Except when she’d brought up Hudson’s past, it reawakened one of my greatest fears.

“What did I say?” Celia asked.

She must have seen the worry in my expression. I never did have a good poker face. “Nothing.” It was probably best that I didn’t say anything. Only, Celia might be the one person I could talk to about it. The one person who would understand and give me insight.

I shifted, bringing my knees up to my chest. “It’s just, I’ve been worrying it was too good to be true, and I keep wondering if maybe I’m…if he’s…”

“If he’s playing you, too?”

My brown eyes met her blues. “Yes.”

She nodded once and frowned. “That is something I’d worry about.”

Well, that wasn’t the consolation I was hoping for.

“I’m not saying you should be worried,” she added. “It would just cross my mind as a possibility. Especially knowing his past, and since this arrangement or relationship he has with you is so entirely different than anything he’s ever had before.”

“You know him, what do you think?” Jesus, my lip quivered when I spoke. How pathetic was I?

She tapped her finger on her knee again. “I don’t think he’s playing that game anymore. Really, I don’t. He’s had counseling, and it’s been a good two years since he’s had any…incidents.”

I made a mental note to ask what she meant about incidents at another time. Right now, though, it wasn’t enough of a priority to interrupt.

“I guess he could be having a relapse, but…” Her words trailed off. “What has he said to you?”

“That he wants to be with me. That’s he’s committed to making a relationship work.” Or similar things that I didn’t want to share. They were my words and not meant to be given away to just anyone.

Celia scooted an inch closer to me as if we were in a room full of people and she was about to divulge a secret. “Let me tell you something about Hudson and the way he plays women. He doesn’t lie. Ever. That’s the brilliant part of his manipulative skills. He never says anything that you can throw back at him later. It’s all truth spun to make you read more into what he’s saying. He makes you think he’s offering more than what he’s really offering without ever saying the words. You know what I mean?”

“I think so.” Now that I thought about it, I knew exactly what she meant. Hudson chose his words so precisely and handled himself with such care that I could see how he’d be able to spin any situation so that he’d have the upper hand. It was what made him a good businessman, I imagined.

“So if he’s said those things to you, I’d believe them,” Celia reassured. “And he’s never, ever brought a woman to his penthouse before. That’s common knowledge. Even Sophia knows that. He’s never wanted anyone to be able to find him after he, you know, broke their heart.”

That made total sense. If you were a guy playing people, you wouldn’t want them to have access to your private life. I’d felt almost the same when I’d feared my ability to remain aloof from him—I hadn’t wanted to know where he lived so that I wouldn’t latch on.

Funny how we both were now in exactly the positions we hadn’t ever thought we’d be in.

Celia was watching me, gauging my reactions. I could sense she wanted to say more, but perhaps didn’t know how. “Has he said…how he feels about you?”

“Yes.” Well…“No.” But he had implied it. Now I couldn’t even quite remember what he had said and the ball of worry in my stomach began to tighten. “I mean, he’s said some things, but he hasn’t actually said he loved me.”

But I knew he meant it. Right?

Celia smiled. “I don’t think he’s ever told anyone he loved them. Not even his mother. So that might be a while, if ever. Don’t take that omission as a sign of anything.” She straightened. “No, I think you’re good. I think this is good. I think it’s real.” She clapped her hands together. “Yay! Hudson Pierce has a girlfriend! How exciting!”

“Yeah, it is exciting.” The warmth of it spread through my body. “Totally exciting.” Because none of this had happened to me before. I’d never had a relationship with someone who returned my feelings. Every guy I’d found to be the one never had a chance to see if they felt the same before I ruined it by clinging and suffocating. And the times I’d thought I’d been in love I’d really been more in love with the idea of someone being in love with me. I’d learned that through group therapy. That was why I held on to any slim nugget of interest a guy threw my way—because I so desperately yearned to be loved.

But this time, I wasn’t being desperate and I wasn’t clinging and I wasn’t obsessing. Not more than reasonably, anyway. It was definite cause for celebrating.

I beamed at Celia. “I can’t tell you how good it feels to talk to someone about him. Thank you so much.”

“I bet. And no problem. Any time.” She paused. “How are things going with Sophia?”

“I don’t know.” More like I didn’t care. Hudson’s mother and I were never going to be friends. Not when she’d belittled me and called me a slut. Not when she was so against Hudson finding anything good in life. “I told her off the last time I saw her. I’m hoping I don’t have to deal with her anytime soon.”

“Oh. You don’t have plans to see her then? Like, to show her your coupledom and everything?” She seemed surprised by that, and perhaps it was surprising after the lengths Hudson had gone to show me off to his mother when we weren’t actually a couple.

“No, thank god. I think Hudson’s given up on convincing her of anything. Which is fine by me.”

“Totally. Who needs Sophia?”

I didn’t, that was for sure. But Celia, on the other hand...“You’re chummy with her.” We’d addressed everything else, might as well address Sophia too.

“Well, I live by that friends close, enemies closer philosophy. It works for me.”

“Yeah it does. She adores you.” I may have sounded a little bit jealous. Which was ridiculous since I hated Sophia Pierce.

“She adores me because she adores my mother. Besides, she thinks that if I’m with Hudson, she’ll have complete access to his life. Like I’d share anything personal with her. I have her snowed, that’s all.”

“Then all I have to do to get her on my side is to snow her too?”

“Maybe.” Celia’s eyes narrowed as she considered. Then she shook her head. “Seriously, forget her. She’s not worth it. Have you heard about the time that Hudson told her—” The grandfather clock in the foyer chimed once. “Oh, my, is it really one o’clock already?” Celia checked her watch. “It really is. I have a full afternoon. I’ve got to get going.” She stood and smoothed down her dress. “I’m sorry to rush off like this. It was great talking to you.”

“Yeah, this was nice.” I hated to admit it, but I was disappointed to see her go. Especially when she was about to tell me a story about Hudson. She had so much to offer in terms of understanding him. She’d already made me feel better and there was so much more to be gained from speaking with her.

“We should totally get together again,” Celia exclaimed, almost at the exact moment I was thinking it. “Here.” She pulled a card out of her purse and handed it to me. “My cell is on here. Call me and we can do coffee. Tomorrow, maybe?”

“I’d like that.” I took the card from her, glancing at the print. Celia Werner, Corporate and Private Interior Design.

“Awesome. Give me a call in the morning then.” She paused. “Oh, and if I don’t answer, keep calling. I have a nasty habit of leaving my phone in random places and if you call over and over then I will get to you. And I’ll find my phone! It’s a total win-win.”

I laughed at her method of phone control. “Perfect.”

“Great! Tomorrow then. Give Hudson my love.” She started toward the library door and then stopped and turned back to me, her hand clutched against her chest. “You know, it really is about time Hudson had someone in his life, and I’m so glad it’s someone who loves and understands him as it seems you do.” Her words and actions would seem overly dramatic for most people, yet she was just classy enough to get away with it.

“Thanks. I do. I get him.” Probably more than either he or I knew yet.

“I know you do.” Her face grew serious. “He’s told me things about you, too. I hope that doesn’t bother you.”

She could only be referring to my crazy stalker past. Some of it was quite embarrassing. I’d violated a restraining order once. For that, I had a police record. It was buried now, by Hudson and my lawyer brother, but that didn’t change that it had happened. That I had done that. It was only one of a long list of many shitty things I’d done.

Normally I would have been humiliated to find that someone knew about my history. But right then, with all the good that was going on with Hudson, I didn’t. “No, it doesn’t bother me. Surprisingly.”

“Good.” She smiled. “I won’t tell anyone, of course. I’m glad that I know though. I can see how perfect you are for him because of what you’ve been through yourself. I’m on your side.”

“Thank you. I’m very grateful.”

She winked. “Okay, well, I’m off. Good luck!”

I stood in the library thinking over Celia’s visit long after she had gone and I had programmed her number into my phone. I was looking forward to having coffee with her, and, the truth was, that made me feel twitchy. As sure as I was that she could be a vital source of Hudson insider knowledge, I was also sure he’d be none too happy about it. And rightly so. If I wanted to learn about his past, I should go through him.

Still, could it really hurt to have coffee?

I decided to put my decision off until the morning.

Scanning the dozens of boxes once again, I decided to open some up and start unpacking them on the shelves. Hudson had said to make myself at home, and it would keep me from snooping. Even though I’d gotten permission, it wasn’t the healthiest behavior.

I found a letter opener in one of Hudson’s drawers and, kneeling beside one of the boxes, I used the opener to cut through the packaging tape. Molière was on top, along with a copy of Shakespeare. Underneath, I found several other classics from Dante to Dickens. I sat back on my heels and looked at the shelves, formulating a plan to organize the library.

My library.

Hudson hadn’t said it was mine, but I couldn’t help but think of it as such. I loved books—not only the stories they contained, but the feel of them in my hands, the silk of the pages, the words all collected in one place. Hudson didn’t have any interest in physical books. Obviously. His bare shelves were proof of that. He read everything on his e-reader. These were my books. I’d already adopted them and was sure Hudson wouldn’t protest. He’d only ordered them to fool his mother, even though I doubted Sophia visited his penthouse very often.

Also in the stack of lies told to Sophia, Hudson had declared I was moving in with him. How long before that became a reality?

No, I couldn’t plan for that. Like I’d told myself earlier, it was too soon, and we weren’t ready.

But would it really hurt to fantasize about it for a few minutes? To imagine living with him in the penthouse? And more? Me running the nightclub with Hudson at my side. Engagement rings and bridal parties flashed through my daydream. Was it really so bad to hope for?

Yes. It was. I had to stop now because daydreaming could very easily lead to fixation. I needed a substitute obsession. Something else to occupy my mind.

I tried to return my focus to the books, but again my mind wandered to the future—weddings and the club and parties.

That was when the idea hit me. I abandoned my task and found my phone to call Jordan. I needed a ride.





“Bachelorette parties?” David Lindt leaned back in the desk chair and swiveled from side to side.

I hadn’t been sure David would be at The Sky Launch so early in the day, but I’d lucked out. He was the general manager of the nightclub, and since Hudson had relinquished the running of the business to him, he was the one I needed to approach with any ideas for improvement.

Which was why I’d come in more than six hours before my shift started to share my stroke of genius. “Yes. Bachelorette parties.”

“Seriously? That’s your big idea?”

“Come on, it’s perfect!” I threw my hands up for emphasis. This was a good idea, and talking about it calmly had not seemed to have done the trick of convincing David. “It’s wedding season and the bubble rooms are the perfect place for privacy while still being surrounded by the club scene. You know as well as I do the stuff that goes on in those rooms.”

The bubble rooms were, in my opinion, the highlight of The Sky Launch. The ten circular rooms ran the circumference of the second floor. Each room had its own entrance and was completely enclosed to ensure privacy. Or rather, a sense of privacy. It was an illusion since each of the rooms also had a window that overlooked the dance floor below and if you looked across, you could see everything that happened on the other side. Plenty of times, the things that went on in those rooms were rated R and, more often, rated X.

The bubbles, however, had been neglected in promotion for as long as I’d been an employee of the club. I’d gotten my promotion partly on the promise to find ways to better use the unique feature. Promoting them for bachelorette parties—that plan was gold.

David didn’t seem to have the vision I did. “We’ve had bachelorette parties in here before. Not many, but a few.”

“And they always go well, don’t they?”

“The customers are always pleased.” He twisted his lips as he considered.

With his constant fidgeting and weird faces, I wondered briefly how I’d ever thought I was attracted to the man.

The answer was that I hadn’t been. Not truly. David had been a nice option when I’d been too afraid to go after any men who really turned me on. I’d thought I could have a future with him. I’d figured that being with a man like David was the cure to my obsession—not actually caring for him kept me from the outrageous behavior of my past.

And he’d been cute enough. We’d never gone all the way, but we’d come pretty close, and becoming aroused had never been a problem.

All thoughts of David had disappeared when Hudson entered my life. I gave up the safe bet for the real thing, and, even with the ups and downs of loving Hudson, I didn’t regret it one bit.

David regretted it, however. He wanted something more between us and had told me so just the day before. But he knew where my feelings lay. He knew whom my heart belonged to.

Now he brought his pen up to his mouth and bit on the already chewed end. Pen between his teeth, he asked, “How do you expect to draw people to book the rooms for that?”

“Marketing.” Obviously. That had been my emphasis area of my newly acquired MBA, and I was anxious to use it. It was what I had to offer the nightclub—my expertise. “We’ve never advertised those rooms to any specific market. They’re underutilized and wasted space compared to what they could be used for. And if we bundled the rooms in packages designed specifically for soon-to-be-married brides, I think we could really attract some attention.”

“Yeah, I see some potential.” Finally. “What’s your strategy?”

“I need some time to put it all together into a formal plan, but I’m thinking I could book some meetings with wedding planners. If I can offer a good deal, they’d tell their clients. Maybe we can give them referral bonuses or offer them a certain percentage of our booking fee as a kickback. But first we need to design some packages. Include some party trays and a certain dollar amount from the bar and we’ve got something to sell.”

Behind me, my phone beeped with an incoming text. It had died on my way to the club right after I texted Hudson my plans for the afternoon. Luckily I had a spare charger I kept in the office by the file cabinets and I’d plugged it in as soon as I arrived. “So what do you think?” I asked as I crossed to my phone.

“I think you’re onto something. Let’s do it.”

I grinned triumphantly before glancing down at my message.

“I’ve arranged the cook. Will you still be home for dinner?”

“I wouldn’t miss it for the world,” I responded, his use of the word home making me as giddy as it had that morning.

“Pierce?”

David’s question broke through my euphoria. “Yeah, it’s Hudson.”

“Something good?”

I hadn’t realized I’d been smiling until then. “Everything good.”

Leaving the phone to continue charging, I returned to the chair I’d been sitting in. “I’m meeting him for dinner. Don’t worry, I’ll be back by the time my shift starts.”

“Actually, I wanted to talk to you about changing your schedule.” David stood and came around the front of the desk, leaning on the corner. “I promoted you so that you could do this kind of stuff. We have enough managerial coverage. If we need someone else—which I’m sure we will if your plans work out like I know they will—Sasha’s ready to be a manager. Your gift, what you bring to The Sky Launch, is your business ideas. I need you to go work magic. That’s not my department.”

“So,” I furrowed my brow, “what are you saying?”

“I’m saying make your own schedule. I need you on the clock forty hours a week—not a problem for you, you work addict—but you can put it in whenever you need it. Set up those meetings with the wedding planners. And I’d like to go forward with your idea of expanding hours and our services. That’s going to take a lot of daytime planning as well. You’ll need to meet with cooks and additional staff. It’s going to be a lot of work.”

It felt like my eyes were going to pop out of my head. “Seriously? I mean, seriously do all that amazing stuff and make my own hours?” This was my dream job coming to fruition. All the hours of fighting with my brother Brian about wasting my education and the job opportunities I’d turned down with Fortune 500 companies—this made every doubt and heartache worth it.

“Yes, seriously. I wouldn’t joke about this shit. Start with taking tonight off.”

“Don’t be ridiculous. You can’t run the upstairs bar with one person.”

“Liesl’s coming in. It’s already covered.”

Of course Liesl would agree to work a shift for me. She was pretty much my one and only friend in the city. Half space cadet, half genius, she was everything I wasn’t—free and laid-back and flirtatious without having to worry about becoming attached. Even though we were complete opposites, she understood me like no one else and was much more generous to me than I often deserved. “She worked for me the whole time I was in the Hamptons. I can’t make her do that.”

“She volunteered. We hired that new waitress, and Liesl’s determined she be trained right—her words, not mine. And if you’re going to set up some meetings for tomorrow, you’ll need to adjust to being awake during the day. Right now you’re sort of a vampire.” He moved his eyes down my legs. “A tan vampire, but a vamp nonetheless.”

I laughed, hiding my unease at the obvious lust in his stare. I stood to put us on the same level. Otherwise it felt like he was looking down at nothing but tits. “Thank you, David. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I’m…” There weren’t words for how grateful I was for this opportunity. “Just thank you.”

“You deserve it.” He straightened from his leaning position and threw his arms out to his sides. “Hug it out?”

“That got me in trouble last time.” Hudson had walked in on that and been pretty pissed. He wasn’t a man who shared. I’d managed to talk him down, convinced him my hug with David had been innocent, which it had been, as far as I was concerned. Still, Hudson suspected there was something more between me and David. And, like a chicken-shit, I hadn’t been able to bring myself to admit he was right. David and I did have a history. But compared to what I felt for Hudson, it seemed like an insignificant detail.

I stuck my hand out toward David. “Settle for a handshake?”

He nodded as he took my hand. He held it much longer than he should have, his thumb caressing along my skin, sending unwanted goose bumps down my arms.

I pulled away, hoping he hadn’t noticed. Though I felt nothing for David, my body still reacted to his. He was plain but attractive—his eyes a dull blue, his hair dark blond and curly. He worked out but had a stocky frame. He’d never been my type, and my reaction was likely only out of habit. But it was enough to make me feel a weight of sudden guilt—I shouldn’t hide my past with David from Hudson. I’d been quick to accuse him of keeping secrets in our relationship, and here I was doing exactly that. It was wrong, and I knew it.

I also knew I wouldn’t tell him. I doubted he’d let me continue working with David if he knew we’d had a past, and if he found out on his own, my silence might help in my defense. I’d explain to Hudson that I didn’t say anything because there was nothing to say. He’d understand.

Maybe if I kept telling myself that, I’d eventually believe it.





Chapter Four





Hudson was already home, jacket discarded, when I got back to the penthouse that evening. He met me as I stepped out of the elevator, greeting me with a lush kiss that swept me off my feet.

“Well, hello to you, too.”

“You’re late,” he said against my lips.

“And?”

“I worried.” His mouth swept across my cheek and down toward my earlobe.

My eyes widened both in surprise and at the yummy thing he was doing to that sensitive spot below my ear. “That something had happened to me?”

“That you weren’t coming.”

I pushed him back to meet his eyes. “Why Hudson Alexander Pierce, did you worry I’d stand you up?” It was silly to even think about. “Don’t you realize I’m the kinda girl that sticks?”

He leaned back in to rub his nose against mine. “If you acted as smart as you are, you would have stood me up weeks ago.”

“Good thing I don’t act smart.”

“Good thing for me, yes.” He released me and took my purse off my shoulder, which he stowed in the coat closet. Then, weaving his fingers through mine, he tugged me after him through the foyer toward the living room.

“Guess what.” I admired his back as I followed him, his taut muscles visible through his dress shirt.

“You don’t have to work tonight.”

I stopped short, my hand slipping from his grasp. “How do you always know everything?”

“I don’t.” He turned back to face me, a smile toying on his perfect lips. “But where you’re concerned I make an effort. David called me this afternoon and asked if I approved of you making your own hours.”

“And you said, ‘Yes, because then I can conform my schedule to Alayna’s so we can fuck as much as possible.’” I laughed at my horrible imitation of Hudson’s voice.

“I said I thought it was a good idea.” Instantly, I was back in his arms. “But I was thinking what you said.” His mouth circled above mine, teasing.

“I love you.”

He moved tighter into me. “I hope that my ability to change your working hours is not the sole basis of your fondness for me.”

“It is not. Trust me.” This time I kissed him, licking along his upper lip.

When he pulled away, his eyes were clouded with desire. “Dinner’s ready, precious.”

He led me to the dining room where the table was set with a bouquet of white orchids, two lit candlesticks, an opened bottle of wine, and two place settings at one end.

He waved his hands toward the candles. “These would have a more dramatic effect if it weren’t so light in here.”

“Yes, it’s terrible that your penthouse has floor-to-ceiling windows that let in so much sun,” I teased. “Honestly, it’s lovely.” Our eyes locked for a moment, caught up in each other.

Jesus, if we kept looking at each other like that, food would have to wait. I was already feeling moist in my panties.

Noticing the aroma of fresh herbs, I broke our gaze and looked toward the quiet kitchen. “Where’s the cook? Did she abandon you?”

“She did not. She cooked and then she left. Our plates are waiting under the warmer.” He pulled a chair out, gesturing for me to sit. “I presume I can manage the service without her.”

I kept my eye on him as I sat. “Honey, you don’t need anyone’s help with service.”

“Hey now.” He tapped my nose with his finger as he delivered his reprimand. “Food first. I need my energy to keep up with you. But if we get through dinner, perhaps there will be dessert.”

“A naughty dessert, I hope.”

“No hoping necessary.”

Hudson poured white wine into my glass before filling his own. Then he disappeared into the kitchen returning a few minutes later with two plates of food. He set a plate in front of each of us and then sat down. Together we dined catty-corner from each other, tangling our legs under the table. We chatted about our day and when I told him about my bachelorette party ideas for the club, he was both supportive and impressed.

“Do you want me to get you in touch with my company event planners? Not that they’d be helpful in the pre-wedding party arena.”

“Nah, I got some things set up already.”

He took a swallow of his wine, and I guessed it was difficult for him to let me keep the reins on my project. But when he set down his glass, he seemed resigned. “Let me know if you change your mind.”

The meal was delicious—chicken breast stuffed with sundried tomatoes and artichokes. Sautéed zucchini and jasmine rice accompanied the chicken. I’d stayed at work all afternoon, arranging meetings for the week, and had skipped lunch. It wasn’t until I was eating that I realized how hungry I’d been.

“This is so good, Hudson,” I said when my plate was half-clean. “Wherever did you find this cook?”

“She used to be sous-chef at one of my restaurants. Things didn’t work out with her and another staff member, so she works privately for me now.”

I thought for a moment about what I knew from Hudson’s portfolio of businesses. “Fierce?”

“That’s the one.”

Fierce was one of the hottest restaurants in the city. The head chef had a reputation for being a complete hard-ass. I didn’t have to ask if that was the reason she’d left.

My work-oriented mindset of earlier lingered into the conversation. “Would she consider working at The Sky Launch?”

“Then who would cook for us?”

I ignored the rush I had from the way Hudson referred to us as an “us,” and pressed on. “For private events then. It doesn’t have to be a full-time gig.”

“I like the way your business brain works, Alayna. But why don’t we put the job away for the night? I’d like to spend time with the other sexy parts of my girlfriend.”

That shut me up. It was the first time he’d called me that—girlfriend—and holy wow, what it did to me. My chest warmed with what felt like a radioactive level of heat, spreading down my limbs and up into my cheeks. Girlfriend. I was Hudson Pierce’s girlfriend.

Pretending he didn’t know what his statement had done to me—he knew, he so knew—he continued with the common conversation that boyfriends and girlfriends exchanged after a day apart. “Other than work, how was your afternoon? I noticed the books came. Did the delivery go okay?”

I nodded as I swallowed my food, following it with a sip of wine before answering. “They did, and yes, it went fine. Celia accompanied the delivery.”

Though his face stayed even, he stopped chewing for half a second. “Oh?”

I had guessed that Hudson wouldn’t be that happy about Celia stopping by. Ever since she’d spilled the beans about his manipulative past, he seemed to fear what she’d say to me. No matter what I said, he didn’t understand that nothing she could say to me about him would ever change how I felt for him. Perhaps I shouldn’t have told him about her visit, but that didn’t feel right. I was already keeping my history with David on the down low. I didn’t want another secret.

The only thing to do was convince him Celia and I could be trusted together. “She surprised me. I guess I was in the shower when she buzzed up so she let herself in.”

His brows furrowed. “I need to take away her key.”

“Yes, you do.” I didn’t like worrying that she could stop by any time she wanted. “But it wasn’t bad. In fact, we had a nice chat.”

Hudson’s entire upper body tensed. “I don’t like that. At all.”

I’d only seen that possessiveness of his a couple of times before. It was frightening and thrilling, sending bolts of hormones to my lower regions and raising my arousal levels to full alert.

It was also unnecessary. “Don’t get all panicked. It was fine.”

“I don’t want you two to spend time together. Remember, in my script you aren’t friends.” He stabbed at the air with his fork, enunciating his point.

I clucked my tongue. “Come on, that’s not fair. I only want to feel close to you and she’s your best friend.”

He shook his head once. “She’s my only friend. It’s different.”

I stroked my foot up his calf, hoping to lighten his mood on the subject. “She didn’t give away any deep dark Hudson secrets.”

“Says you.”

“She only said she was happy that you’d found me.” I paused to let that sink in. “She thinks you deserve someone.”

Instead of softening, his expression hardened. “That’s a deep dark Hudson secret right there.” He leaned closer to me, speaking low. “So deep and dark, it’s a lie. I don’t deserve you and I never will.”

“Shut up.” I rolled my eyes then placed my hand over his. “You deserve much better than me. You’re out of my league and everyone knows it.”

“Alayna—” His tone was a warning.

I narrowed my eyes. “How about instead of arguing over who deserves whom, we agree that we fit pretty damn well together and leave it at that.”

“I don’t want you spending time with Celia.”

Damn, he was serious. So much for getting insider knowledge over coffee. On the other hand, who was he to tell me that I couldn’t spend time with someone?

But we were trying to make a relationship work. If it was important to him then…“All right, I won’t spend time with her. And I don’t want you spending time with her either.”

“I can live with that compromise.”

“You can?” I tried not to sound surprised.

“Yes. I barely see her anyway. From now on, if I have to see her, it will be with you.”

“Agreed.” It wasn’t as much of a sacrifice for me as it was for him. She wasn’t my friend.

“Good.” Then a wicked gleam filled his eyes. “We do fit pretty damn well together.”

“Now who’s getting naughty?”

He set down his fork and looked at our nearly empty plates. “It is time for dessert.”

“Hold that thought. I’ll be right back.” I wiped my mouth with my napkin and got up from the table. The hall bathroom wasn’t visible from the dining room so I hoped that’s where Hudson assumed I had gone. Instead, I went to the master bedroom, to my closet. I grabbed the lingerie set from its drawer and changed as quickly as I could.

I stopped in front of the bedroom mirror to fluff my hair into as close of a sexy tousle as my straight strands would allow and noticed, damn, I looked good. The teddy was a coral baby-doll flyaway that pushed my already perky boobs up to soaring heights. The middle opened to expose my flat belly and the matching lace thong. Hell, I’d do me.

I slunk back to the dining room and found the table cleared and Hudson at the bar making a drink, his back to me. Awkwardly, I tried to come up with some stripper pose, but when he turned toward me, I’d only managed to cock my hip and put a hand at my waist.

He nearly dropped his glass, his eyes wide. “Holy, fuck, Alayna. You look so goddamned hot, you’ve surpassed naughty and gone straight to sinful.”

“Why, thank you.” I swayed toward him, his lustful gaze never leaving my body. When I was close enough, I pulled on his tie, beckoning him forward. His brow arched in surprise, but he let me lead him back to his chair and push him to a sitting position.

Leaning forward so his view was all tits, I ran my hands up his thighs to his waist where I undid his belt and began working on his fly.

“What are you doing?” His voice was hoarse, his eyes pinned on my cleavage.

“You served dinner. I figured I should serve dessert.” I wasn’t sure he’d let me take the lead. He rarely did where sex was concerned—where anything was concerned. But instead of waiting for his permission, I simply took charge.

I tugged at his waistband and waited to see if he’d play along. After a moment’s hesitation, he submitted, lifting his hips for me to pull down his pants and underwear. I lowered them just enough to expose his already rock hard cock.

“Holy, fuck, Hudson,” I repeated his earlier words as I took his dick in my hand. “Talk about sinful.” Still gripping him in my hand, I knelt before him, nudging his legs wider for me to fit in between them.

Leaning forward, I rubbed my breasts along his bare cock.

He let out a heavy breath, and I did it again, running my fingernails along his chest, digging through his shirt. His eyes were pinned to my tits as I stroked his penis between them.

“You’re so fucking beautiful, Alayna.” His voice grated, like he was losing control. “So fucking beautiful.”

“So are you.” This time I maneuvered my hands under his shirt to claw at his skin as I rubbed my tits along his throbbing cock. “Do you like fucking my tits?”

“I love anything you do to me.”

“Is that so?” I sat back on my haunches and leaned down to run my tongue up the length of his shaft.

He growled—actually growled—and I shivered at the sound.

But despite how his sounds and reactions made me completely weak and dizzy, I suddenly felt powerful. There was nothing in the world that I could imagine that would be strong enough to cause Hudson Pierce to relinquish his authority—nothing in the universe that could make him yield to anyone.

Yet here he was giving in to me.

Yes, I felt very powerful.

I licked again up the other side of him then swirled my tongue across his head as I pumped him once with my hand.

He jerked in the chair, his fingers gripping the arms. “Jesus, yes.”

I wanted his hands on me, him grasping my hair. But I knew, as he did, that if he touched me, he’d take over. He’d run the show. His lack of contact was a gift, and I took it graciously. Greedily.

Moving one hand to fondle his balls, I placed my lips over his crown and slid my mouth over his soft, stone cock, my hand grasping the length of him I couldn’t fit inside. Up and down I pumped him, sucking him off with an insatiable passion.

I felt his thighs tense around me and I knew he was close.

“Alayna, slow down,” he pleaded through gritted teeth.

I ignored his request, continuing to stroke and suck him toward his orgasm.

“Alayna!” His hands flew to my shoulders.

Next thing I knew, I was on the floor, Hudson hovering over me as he tore at my thong, ripping the flimsy thing off of me. Then he was inside me, filling me, stretching me, thrusting into me with such force I thought he might rip me apart.

And, god, he felt good. So goddamn good.

“You feel amazing, Alayna,” he said as he drove into me, his face sweaty and pinched with the effort. “I was about to come in your mouth.”

“That would have been fine.” I would have sucked him dry and licked him clean.

“But I much prefer coming in your tight cunt.” His jabs slowed as I clenched around him, constricting his movement. “Fuck, I’m coming now.”

I groaned with him as his climax pressed him deeper into me, as my own heightened arousal took me to a gentle release behind him. It wasn’t the earth-shattering variety of orgasm that I’d grown accustomed to having with Hudson, and somehow that made it even sweeter, more savory.

When he’d emptied himself completely, Hudson fell to his back beside me and took in several deep, ragged breaths. “I apologize for that.”

I sat up on my elbows and cast him a questioning glance. I could recall very few times he’d apologized to anyone for anything. Certainly not for sex.

“I got carried away. I didn’t give you the attention you deserved.”

Laughing, I rolled to lie across his chest. “I love it when you get carried away. You rarely let yourself go. It’s a nice change. Not to mention, it’s hot.”

Hudson’s chest rose as he chortled—another sound I heard infrequently from him—and he draped an arm over my back.

I propped myself up on my arm. “Someday, though, you’re going to let me suck you off until you finish.”

“You know I love to come buried inside you.”

“God, I do, too.” I smiled, dreamily. “But I’d also love to have you come in my mouth. I’m craving it, actually.”

His arm tightened around me. “Stay tonight.”

It wasn’t a question or even an invitation. It was a declaration that I would stay, and of course I would. But I responded anyway. “Okay.”

Where else would I want to be?





Hudson had missed his usual morning workout since we’d slept in that morning. Though I was convinced we’d worked out enough in the bedroom—and the kitchen and the dining room—he decided to hit the penthouse gym. Wanting to be near, I joined him.

The gym was in the back of the apartment, next to the master bedroom, and was equipped with a treadmill, elliptical trainer, rowing machine and a weight system. I changed into a sports bra and shorts from my closet and claimed the treadmill. Hudson started out on the elliptical and moved to the weights for the bulk of his workout.

I’d always been a fairly good runner, usually pounding Central Park or the blocks from the club to my apartment, but running with the sight of Hudson’s calves and arms flexing as he worked the elliptical was quite a feat, even for me. Admittedly, I tripped a couple of times.

After exercising, we showered and settled in the bedroom, Hudson donning a pair of boxers while I snagged one of his t-shirts to wear with a pair of panties. Hudson brought in his laptop to sort through some business emails, and I curled up with a book from the day’s delivery. There were several Hudson had got that I hadn’t read yet but were on the list of greatest books of all time that I was working through.

When I’d been reading long enough to get lost in the first few chapters of my book, I suddenly became aware of stillness next to me. Hudson was no longer typing. I looked up and found he was watching me.

Goose bumps marched down my arms. “What?”

“You look good in my t-shirt.”

“I know.”

His lips curled into a sexy smile. “You look better without it.”

I laughed.

He lifted his chin toward my book. “What did you choose to read?”

I held the book up for him to see the cover.

“The Talented Mr. Ripley. Interesting. A book about a true sociopath.”

An unexpected chill ran through me. Hudson’s mother had told me that he was a sociopath—unable to feel empathy or love, detached and self-absorbed. I disagreed vehemently. I’d seen otherwise. Hudson loved and cared for me like no one in my life had.

But, though I hadn’t told him about the conversation, I was certain sociopath was a term Sophia had used openly with him. I wondered if he thought it was an accurate description of himself. It was hard to bring it up and debate it with him when I knew so little about the things he’d actually done in the past. I only knew the general idea—that he manipulated people. Played them.

If I was being honest with myself, I could see where sociopath might be mentioned by a therapist treating someone with those types of habits.

I didn’t know enough. Though I believed in Hudson and his feelings for me, there were still so many unknowns.

Propping the book open on the nightstand, I turned my body to face him. “Hudson, can I ask you something?”

He shut his laptop, set it on the nightstand on his side of the bed and switched on the table lamp. “Yes, I will do wicked things to your body, but only if you promise to do wicked things to mine.”

I giggled. “I’m being serious.”

“So am I.” His eyes blazed as he ran them down my bare legs and back to meet mine. “But wickedness can wait. Ask me.”

“I was thinking…” I ran my teeth over my lower lip as I figured how to broach the subject. “Celia had said that you manipulated women, as if it was more than her. What does that mean exactly? Like, what did you do?”

His jaw set. “I thought you said you just chatted today.”

“We did.” I rushed to correct his impression. “She didn’t mention that today at all. Or anything like it. I swear.” I took a deep breath. “It was before, at the charity fashion event of your mother’s and I’ve been thinking about it. I should know, don’t you think? If we’re going to be open and honest with each other, I need to know.”

“No, you don’t.” He stood, and for a moment, I thought he was leaving the room, but he merely turned off the overhead light and started back to the bed.

“I do need to know.”

“No way.” He said it with finality. Case closed.

But I wasn’t willing to accept that. I pulled my legs under me to a kneeling position. “Hudson, I get it. I do. You want to ignore it and leave things in the past. But you’re always going to be scared that I can’t love you through anything if you don’t give me the chance to prove that I will.”

He stood at the edge of the bed, his eyes narrowed. “But what if you don’t? Have you considered that? Has it crossed your mind that I might have done things you could never forgive?”

“There’s nothing—”

He cut me off. “You don’t know that.”

I switched tactics. “Is there anything I could have done to make you…?” Stop loving me is what I thought. But it felt weird to say it out loud like that when he hadn’t ever said it himself. “To change the way you feel about me?”

“It’s not the same.”

“You don’t know that either.” To be fair, he knew very little about the things I’d done before. I hadn’t wanted to tell him, hadn’t wanted him to know the awful ways I’d invaded people’s lives. I completely understood about wanting to let the past lie.

“Then tell me.”

I swallowed but didn’t let the trepidation show on my face. “Anything?”

He sat on the bed, facing me. “The restraining order against you was filed by Paul Kresh. Who was he?”

I closed my eyes for half a second. Hudson had read my police files. Of course he would remember the details.

My hesitation spurred him. “See? You can’t tell me.”

“He was a guy,” I blurted out. I wasn’t stupid. If I wanted him to share, I’d have to do the same. “Just a guy who picked me up once when I was clubbing.”

“You fucked him.”

Another deep breath. “Yes.”

Hudson’s eye twitched. “Go on.” His voice was tight.

“He took me to his place. And after…well, after, he wanted me to leave. But I played drunk and stayed the whole night.”

“Then what?”

“Then I went through his things while he was sleeping and discovered wedding invitations. He had a fiancée. She was out of town for the weekend or something and I was a girl he’d picked up. But he didn’t realize that I’d been crushing on him for weeks. I’d seen him with her, and I didn’t care. When I saw him alone that night, I made myself available.”

My hands were sweaty—I’d been holding them in a ball. I wiped them on the bed next to me as I went on. “Of course, he wanted me gone, to pretend it never happened. Wanted me to forget his address. He never gave me his number, but I’d gotten that when he was sleeping, too. Sent myself a text from his phone so I’d have it.”

I paused, trying to remember how I’d felt, how desperate I’d been for Paul to be in my life. “I couldn’t let him go. I thought…” My voice trailed off at the memory. “I don’t know what I thought.”

Hudson turned so that his back was against the headboard. “Yes, you do. Tell me.”

I sat back next to him, stretching my legs out in front of me. “I thought he was my soul mate. That I was meant to be with him or something. Before I even actually talked to him. I know. Crazy. It was crazy.” I stared at my toes. “I was crazy.”

“No, you weren’t. You only wanted to be loved.”

Hudson’s rich brandy tone pulled my eyes to his. “Yes,” I said, meaning so much more than yes, I wanted to be loved. Meaning yes, we understand each other, yes, we get it.

Yes, we weren’t crazy or sociopaths or horrible people. We only wanted to be loved.

“Anyway,” I smoothed my hair behind my ear, “I didn’t have a job. I was living off my inheritance, which is gone now, and so I had plenty of time to wait outside his apartment and follow him to work. Every day. For months. Two? Three? I don’t remember exactly. One day, I told the security guard he was my boyfriend. I convinced him to let me in his office during lunch. When Paul came back, I was waiting for him.” I lowered my lids. “Naked.”

Hudson’s eye twitched again.

“He turned me away, H. Called security before I had a chance to even throw some clothes on.” My throat closed at the humiliating memory. “He filed the restraining order after that.”

I studied his face, trying to pick up on the slightest change in his expression, hoping to pick up on his thoughts. But I came up with nothing. His features were stone.

Would he ever let me in?

Hudson brought his index finger up to his face and rubbed the tip along his chin. “But that’s not all, is it? Your record says you violated the order.”

I felt my face flush. “I, um, I did.” God, talking about it was embarrassing. Even thinking it made me want to crawl in a hole. Of the stupid, idiotic, insane things I’d done, this had been one of the worst. “I became friends with Melissa.”

He nodded once, immediately understanding. “His fiancée.”

“Yeah. I joined her Pilates class and became buddy-buddy with her. So she started inviting me out with her and her friends. Eventually I ended up at a party that Paul was at too. He was livid. And he had to decide if he wanted to ignore it or report me. If he reported me, Melissa would find out about the one-night. I wouldn’t leave things alone, so he reported it. And she broke things off.”

“He deserved that.”

“Maybe.” I wasn’t so sure. Yes, he’d cheated on his fiancée, but that didn’t make up for my role in things.

“He deserved worse in my book.” Though Hudson was guarding his reaction to my story, his casual crumbs of support in my favor helped put me at ease. “And Paul’s the only one this happened with?”

No. Not even close. “He was the only one who went to the police.”

“I see.” Hudson was quiet for a handful of seconds, absorbing. Finally, he furrowed his brow, and looked me eye-to-eye. “Why would you think that this would change how I feel about you?”

“Are you kidding? Aren’t you worried I’ll become that hung up on you?”

“I’m hoping you become that hung up on me.” He draped his arm around my shoulder. “Paul was a fucking asshole who didn’t realize what he had in front of him. I do. Get hung up on me.”

“I am hung up on you!” I turned to kiss his shoulder. “But careful what you wish for. If I go crazy on you, you’ll want me gone.”

He turned his cheek to nuzzle against the top of my head. “I’d never drive you away. Not on purpose.”

It was sweet—being held and told that I was wanted. I couldn’t ask for anything more.

Yet, I still felt Hudson didn’t understand the severity of the things I’d done.

I sat forward and turned my entire body to face him, pulling my legs underneath me. “But what if I started to doubt you? That’s happened before, too. Where I didn’t trust anything my boyfriend said to me, no matter how innocent they were. And then I snooped and invaded privacy and people got hurt.”

“Then I simply have to make sure that you never have any reason to doubt me.” He swept his hand out in front of him. “Snoop away. I have nothing to hide from you here.”

And there was my ticket back to where we’d started the conversation. “You’re hiding your past.”

He groaned. “I’m not hiding my past. There’s simply nothing worth talking about. It’s ugly. Why would you want to focus on the bad things?”

“It’s not focusing; it’s sharing and then moving on.”

He shook his head.

“I told you mine. That’s not fair.”

This time I got a steady glare.

“Come on. Anything. One thing.” I felt desperate. Opening up had been hard, and I wasn’t even getting the reward that I’d counted on.

I stared at him with wide, pleading eyes.

“One thing and you’ll leave it alone?”

I nodded enthusiastically.

“Okay, one thing.” He sighed. “It was a game. Always a game. And my favorite was the same one I played on Celia. Make a woman fall for me, and when she did, I was done.” He paused, and for half a second I feared that was all he was going to say.

But then he went on, his eyes glossy with memory. “There was one time, though, I wanted to see if I could make someone fall for someone else, someone they had no interest in. I knew this guy, Owen, who was a real ass. A complete man-whore. And this woman, Andrea—a girl, really. She was in my tennis club my second year of college. Very shy, simple, homely. I discovered she had a thing for me. Having a thing for me was very dangerous.” He stared pointedly at me. “Still is.”

I rolled my eyes. “No, it’s not. Go on.”

“I set her up with Owen. Not just on a date, more. I played silent matchmaker. Got them together. I convinced Owen he was doing me a favor by taking her out a few times. Meanwhile, I’d fill him with all these stories of how amazing Andrea was, how her true beauty was inside. And it happened—they fell for each other. Completely. Sincerely.”

I blinked. Twice. “That’s a beautiful story.”

“Then I fucked her and showed Owen the pictures.”

“Oh, my god.” My hand flew instinctively to my mouth. I hadn’t been prepared for that and immediately felt ashamed. I’d been trying to be supportive. He’d tried to shock me. He won.

Hudson carried on as if I hadn’t reacted. “Andrea tried to tell Owen it was a mistake, that I’d tricked her, which I had. I didn’t rape her—I never raped anyone. But he wouldn’t listen to her. They were both…broken, is the best way to describe it. Andrea left school in the middle of the semester. I never heard anything about her again.”

“And Owen?” My voice sounded much feebler than I would have liked.

“He went back to sleeping with anyone with two legs. Last I heard he’d gotten HIV. I don’t know. I lost track of him.”

He studied me, the same way I’d studied him a moment before, and I knew he read me. Saw what I was feeling. I couldn’t be stoic as he’d been. I couldn’t hide my emotions.

His features grew dark. “I told you, you didn’t want to hear it. I told you—”

“Just give me a second to process,” I stuttered, ashamed that I needed the delay. I’d said his past wouldn’t change how I felt about him. Did it? I pushed past the horror of the story and focused on Hudson, the man who had committed the horror. Did knowing these things change how I felt for him?

My pause was too long for him. “See, Alayna? See why your past means nothing to me? Compared to me, you were an angel. You hurt people because you loved too much. I hurt people because I could.”

I jerked my eyes to his. No, my feelings for him hadn’t changed. If anything, they’d grown deeper. How lonely, how sad, how broken did a man have to be to feel compelled to destroy the people around him? And how strong and worthy was that same man to attempt to be someone different in the aftermath?

I was in his lap before a second had passed by, straddling him, my hands resting on the sides of his neck. “No.” I aligned my eyes with his and said it again. “No. You hurt people because you didn’t have any idea what love really was. You were trying to understand it in the only way you knew how. It’s horrible, yes. But it’s forgivable. I forgive you. I forgive a thousand worse things you may have done. I can forgive anything.”

I caressed his cheek with my palm. “Because I love you. I love you too much, like I always do, but this time I don’t regret it and I don’t wish I could take it back because you need it. So take it from me, H. Take it all from me.”

He buried his head into my neck and sighed, a deep sigh that sounded both haunting and freeing. Wrapping my arms around him, I stroked his hair, whispering his name at his ear.

Soon he found my lips, and we disappeared into the sweetest, most languid kiss that lasted on and on, neither losing momentum nor turning frenzied.

It was a long time later before our clothes were discarded and Hudson slid us to a lying position, stretching me out over the length of his body. And just like the kiss had lasted on and on, we made love slow and leisurely, giving and taking from each other until the wee hours of the night when we were certain that the memory of our bodies together burned stronger and brighter than the horrid memories we’d shared from our past.





Chapter Five





“What do you call these rooms again? They’re amazing!” Julia Swaggert, founder of Party Planning Plus, pressed her forehead on the glass of the enclosure and looked out over The Sky Launch’s empty dance floor.

“Bubble rooms,” I answered behind her, pleased that Julia seemed impressed with The Sky Launch. Our meeting had begun at eleven, and now, forty-five minutes later she was still engaged and interested in my proposals for a partnership.

“And when they’re occupied—” I flipped the light switch on that indicated a room was in use.

Julia’s face lit up as the room glowed red. “Ha-ha. Awesome. Can people see inside them?”

“Unfortunately, yes. We’d have too many legal issues if we were to install one-way mirrors in them. But when it’s dark on the floor, you can’t see very much inside them. Mostly silhouettes.”

“Hot.”

I liked Julia. Instantly. She was fun and enthusiastic but also had a smart head on her shoulders. I could tell why she came highly recommended in the event planning world. She was definitely someone who could boost The Sky Launch’s business, and my excitement grew about the possibilities as I showed her around the club.

“This is totally perfect for Bachelorette parties, as you suggested.” She wrote a couple notes down on her tablet with her stylus and turned back to face me. “Actually, I can think of a few types of events that might be interested in this venue. If you can come up with some pricing packages—” She tapped her pen across her cheek, leaving her sentence for me to finish.

“Sure thing.” Damn, did that sound too eager? I really wanted to make this deal, to prove that I could do all the things I’d said I could when I applied for the promotion. And, to be honest, I wanted Hudson to be proud of me.

I wasn’t taking notes on paper, but I was mentally. “Do you have some things you’d like to see in particular as part of the packages?”

She nodded energetically, her dull brown curls sweeping her shoulders as she did. “A dollar amount at the bar is a must. Perhaps a selection of appetizers. Few pre-brides will be expecting dinner when they’re clubbing, so light on the food and heavy on the drinks.”

That had been pretty much what I’d been thinking. “Would add-ons be of interest? Like male waiters or a penis-shaped cake?”

She laughed. “I think you know what you’re doing.”

A bleep bleep came from Julia’s purse. “Ah, that’s my partner,” she said, digging inside. “He was overseeing arrangements for an event we have later and said he’d join me here if he got free.” She retrieved her phone and read the screen. “Yay, he’s here. Mind if he comes up?”

“Not at all. The front doors are locked, though, since we’re not open during the day. I’ll have to walk down and let him in.”

“I’ll come with you.” She followed me as I exited the bubble room. “I want to get his feedback from the moment he enters. See if he loves it as much as I do. I can’t believe I had no idea this place existed!”

We walked back down the stairs and through the club, Julia commenting on different features of the club as we passed them.

She nodded to the bar on the lower level as we passed. “I’m so glad there’s a bar on each floor.”

“There are two bars on this floor: the main one and a smaller side one that we only operate on the weekends. Food is only served upstairs. So the first floor is tailored for drinking and dancing while the upstairs level with the bubble rooms and lounging areas is geared more toward socializing.”

“Nice. And you can rent out the entire club for events?”

“Of course.”

“Can you put together some packaging for that? I know some corporations that might like this for holiday parties and such.” She pointed to a counter near the front of the club. “And what’s this? An information desk?”

“That’s the coat check.” Or a fabulous place to make out, I thought, remembering how Hudson and I had spent some time in there one evening before my shift. “Oh, whoops! That’s not supposed to be there.” I grabbed a serving tray that had been left on the coatroom counter.

“I’ll put this away while you let him in.”

I skipped back up the ramp to the front bar to deposit the tray behind the counter then headed back.

As I returned, I heard Julia gushing about The Sky Launch to her partner, whose back was to me. “It’s an amazing club, baby. A total gem.”

Baby, huh? Partner must mean more than just in business.

“Plus we’d be hooked up to Pierce Industries, and that’s a major bonus for us. We have to score this deal. I can already think of two couples this place would appeal to.” Julia’s tone echoed the excitement I felt about our impending venture. “The Fredericks for one.”

Julia spotted me walking toward them. “Here she is. Alayna Withers, I’d like you to meet my boyfriend and partner at Party Planners Plus—”

Her partner turned around to face me, and I nearly choked as Julia finished her introduction.

“Paul Kresh.”

My heart stopped. Literally stopped for the space of two beats. Paul Kresh, the man I’d stalked and terrorized. God, oh god. He had a restraining order out on me. I couldn’t be within one hundred feet of him and there he was, standing a yard in front of me, his features frozen in a state of shock that had to mirror mine.

Fuck.

There went my affiliation with Party Planners Plus.

Julia carried on, unaware of anything odd between her boyfriend—that’s what she’d called him, anyway—and me. “Paul, this is Alayna, the…Wait.”

She paused and I worried she’d figured it out, that she’d pieced together his expression and my name. If she knew about me, that was.

But when she spoke again, her words were harmless. “I’m sorry. I don’t even know your title.” She laughed, and I blinked at the oddness of the sound in contrast to the panic that was rushing through my veins.

David and I had come up with my official title only the day before, but I was so stunned by Paul’s arrival and Julia’s obliviousness that it took me a second to respond. “Um, Events and Promotional Manager.”

I didn’t know if I should shake his hand or run. If I should act like an old friend or as if we’d never met.

Paul made the decision for me. Smiling stiffly, he held his hand out. “Pleasure to meet you.” His tone was steady. Not sure and commanding and unflinching like Hudson’s, but unfazed nonetheless.

I took his hand, my fingers wrapping limply around his. “No, the pleasure’s mine.” That’s what you say to new business affiliates when you meet them, right? Because nothing I could think of sounded correct or harmless. Did it sound like I was flirting? Because I was not. Was. Not. There wasn’t any interest in my body for him except to be far, far away.

I pulled my hand away first, unwilling to touch him longer than necessary.

“Paul, you’ve got to see this place. Can we repeat the tour?” She looked at me, wide eyed and expectant.

Hell, no. That’s what I wanted to say. What I should say. But I was numb and no response came at all.

Again, Paul came to the rescue. “Actually, honey, we’ve really got to get going.”

She took his wrist in her hand and twisted it to look at his watch. “Yeah, you’re right. We have a thing tonight. Last minute details and all. Mind if I use the little girl’s room before we take off?”

She blinked at me twice before I realized that the question was for me.

“Not at all, it’s back at the top of the ramp, to—”

She cut me off. “I remember.”

I watched as Julia climbed the ramp and disappeared around the corner. Then I found my voice. Words fell like the sweat dripping down the back of my neck. “Paul, I had no idea, I swear. I didn’t have a clue that Julia was your partner or that you worked at Party Planners Plus or that you’d be here today or ever. I would have canceled if your name was anywhere attached to the business website, and how the hell would I ever know that you’d become an event planner anyway? Because when I knew you, you were an accountant in that stupid firm on Forty-Seventh—”

“Stop, Alayna.” He let out a huff of air as he ran his hands through his hair. “I know you didn’t plan this. There’s no way you would have known.” I wasn’t sure if he was acknowledging my innocence in our meeting or reassuring himself. “I’m still an unofficial partner. I’ve been doing Julia’s accounting and we only recently decided…”

His hand dropped to his side. “Anyway, that’s not important. The important thing is—”

“That we absolutely don’t work together. I know.” As I said it, my heart sank, the ideas I’d had for teaming up with Julia rupturing like a popped balloon. “The restraining order was for five years, and I think there’s two years or so left.”

“A little less than two years,” he corrected. “But that doesn’t matter. We have to work together anyway.”

“What?” I think I actually jerked in surprise.

His hand went back to his dark blond hair, brushing through it like he always did when he’d been stressed or exasperated. “I can’t ruin this deal for Julia. She’s hired new people recently and she’s trying to expand the business. It’s a good time for her, but she needs connections like this club. Connections with people like Hudson Pierce.”

“But I can’t be anywhere near you, let alone working with you.” Hudson’s name in the air made me even more uncomfortable with being alone with Paul Kresh. I didn’t like Hudson being connected to my past mistakes. I was in serious violation of a restraining order that I’d already violated once. My hands balled at my sides, my fingernails digging into my skin at the thought of what would happen if the cops found out.

As if reading my mind, Paul said, “I’m not going to report you. You didn’t know. And going forward I’m not going to say a damn word.” His eyes narrowed. “Unless you fucking show up on my doorstep, or in my office—”

“I’m not!” I clasped my hands together and put them to my lips, calming myself before speaking again. I counted to ten in wicked speed. “I’m not like that anymore. I’m better. I got counseling. I haven’t even thought about you since…” Since the night before when I’d told Hudson about him. “Well, I’m better. And I’m with someone.”

I was so much better. There was a time where I would have been dizzy and heartsick over even the slightest thought of Paul Kresh. Now he was nothing but a mistake. A problem I couldn’t wait to go away.

“Good. That’s good to hear. I’m glad you’re better.” Paul looked me over. “And I believe you. You look better. I don’t know…healthy or something.”

“Thank you.” Getting emotionally and physically better had improved my physical being. I’d gained weight—mostly muscle—and my skin tone had improved.

Paul seemed to be taking those changes in and my stomach clenched with the urge to throw up.

He must have caught himself, because he suddenly turned away, gazing up the ramp where Julia had gone. “Look, Julia knows nothing about you or Melissa or that I was engaged before.”

“Nice. Secretive relationships for the win,” I said sarcastically.

He ignored my remark. “We’ll simply have to agree to keep all the past under wraps. Not a word that we’ve ever met before today. We can do that. I know you can.” His tone was caustic, as if he had a bad taste in his mouth. “You were always good at acting like things were just fine.”

I fought the urge to kick him in the shins. “Paul, this is a bad idea. A really bad idea for me.”

He stepped toward me, a finger pointed in my direction. “You owe me. You owe me this at least. Don’t you think?”

Fuck. He had me there. Didn’t I owe him a whole shit load? Sure he’d been a dick at every opportunity, but that didn’t excuse the way I’d invaded his life. And paying him back, cleaning the slate—it sounded awfully appealing.

Against every warning siren blaring in my head, I said the words I hoped I didn’t live to regret. “All right.” I swallowed and said it again. “All right. I’ll pretend we just met.”

“Fine. You’ll be working mostly with Julia anyway. We won’t see each other. It shouldn’t be an issue.”

I put my hand over my churning stomach and nodded weakly.

“Alayna, hey!” The female voice came from the opposite direction of where Julia had gone.

I squinted toward the sound and found Celia making her way toward us. Really? Could this day get any more complicated? Or filled with people I wasn’t supposed to be with?

“What—what are you doing here?” My voice was dazed.

“You never called me for coffee and I didn’t have your number so I stopped by.”

I hadn’t called her because Hudson and I had agreed not to see her without each other. I certainly hadn’t expected her to show up out of the blue. And, how had she gotten in anyway? I frowned. The door had been locked and should have stayed locked after Julia let Paul in. Maybe they hadn’t shut the door hard enough.

“How did you know I was here?” Was my head muddled or was her appearance as baffling as Paul’s?

“Jordan told me.”

Of course. Her endless connections to Hudson’s life. Why was I even surprised anymore?

“Is something wrong?” Concern laced Celia’s question.

“No…I…well.” My head hurt, my stomach hurt, my mouth was dry and I felt shaky. “Everything’s fine.”

I followed Celia’s questioning glance to Paul. Oh, yeah. Fucking Paul. “Celia this is a potential business associate, Paul Kresh.” I turned to Paul, unable to look him in the eye. “This is a friend of my boyfriend’s, Celia Werner.”

Paul’s brow rose. “As in, Warren Werner?”

“Uh-huh.” Celia straightened at the mention of her father’s name, ready to be the show pony that she was raised to be.

Paul broke into a smile. “We did an event for your mother once. I didn’t actually talk to you, but I saw you around.”

“What company did you say you worked for?”

“Party Planners Plus. My girlfriend is the owner and I recently joined on board as her partner.” Paul’s eyes traveled toward the ramp. “Here she is now.” He turned his focus to his girlfriend. “Julia, this is Celia Werner. You remember when we did that event for Madge Werner.”

Julia’s eyes brightened. “Totally. It was at the MoMA last spring.”

“Ah, that was you? How nice to meet you. It turned out lovely, no matter what my mother said.”

Julia and Paul exchanged a glance that said there must have been a story behind the matter. Frankly, though I would usually be curious about the gossip regarding Celia’s mother, at the moment I couldn’t care less. There were too many conflicting pieces of my life trying to meet up in one place—Celia, Paul, trying to land my first great business deal for the club—once again, I felt the urge to throw up.

“I hope you don’t mind, but as Paul said, we’ve got to be running.” Julia smiled brightly. “It was so awesome to meet you.”

I did my best to recapture the enthusiasm I’d had earlier when it was just Julia and me. “You, too. I’ll draw up those packages and get back to you by tomorrow.”

“Perfect!”

Paul seemed ready to leave without saying anything to me until Julia cast him a stern look. “Yes, we look forward to working with you. A joint venture would be beneficial to both of us.”

I read his subtext, the reminder that I should go along with his ridiculous plan to pretend we were strangers. “I certainly hope so,” I said, my face plastered into a businesslike grin.

I held my breath until the door shut behind Julia and the unwelcome ghost of my past. Then I let it out in one slow exhalation.

“What in the hell was that about?”

One stressor gone, the other still stood by me. At least I couldn’t get arrested for speaking to Celia.

I headed up the ramp toward the main part of the club, hoping to somehow escape my anxiety attack.

“Laynie?” Celia pressed, following after me.

I shrugged. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“You could cut the tension with a knife.”

I opened my mouth to deny it but what was the point? “Was it that obvious?”

“Yeah. It was. Wanna talk about it?”

I stopped walking and paused.

“Ooh, there’s hesitation.” Her eyes twinkled with the anticipation of gossip. “Let’s talk about it. But not here. Over coffee.”

I rubbed my fingers over my brows, trying to alleviate the throbbing behind my eyes. “All right.” I didn’t have the energy to argue or make up an excuse. Besides, I needed a drink, and since it was too early for liquor, coffee would make a fine replacement.

“Great! I’m sure you need to lock up. I’ll head to the coffee shop next door and get us a table.”

Fifteen minutes later, Celia and I were seated at my favorite cafe in Columbus Circle. I’d already downed a third of my iced double espresso and was realizing that maybe caffeine was exactly the opposite of what I needed because now my shakiness had increased to full-on jitters.

Celia had so far filled the conversation with easy topics that I was able to respond to with only one- or two-word sentences. Meanwhile, my head spun, unable to concentrate on any one thing for any length of time. The one thing I was sure of was that I shouldn’t be having coffee with Celia Werner. Should. Not.

“So who was the guy?”

I rocked back and forth in my chair. “No one. A client.”

“That’s a lie and you know it. There was all that weird vibe stuff going on.”

Her eyes bore in to me, but I was unwilling to give anything except a one-shouldered shrug. What would I tell her, anyway? Hudson didn’t even want me talking to her, let alone telling her big important things. And if I did explain about Paul, what if she told Hudson?

Shit, shit, shit. Hudson.

I had the distinct feeling that he would not approve of my working with Paul Kresh. And it wasn’t like it was something I could necessarily hide. Hudson did own the club, after all. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

Unaware of the turmoil in my mind, Celia tried another method of getting the dirt. “I mean, I get it. He’s yummy, as in I wouldn’t mind having him in my bed for a night or twelve.”

I chortled. “Good luck with that. His business partner is also his girlfriend.” Of course, Paul had been engaged when he hooked up with me. “On second thought, you probably still have a chance.”

“Obviously you speak from experience.”

No shit, Sherlock. I was about as experienced as you could get when it came to Paul Kresh. I knew his habits, his patterns, his workout schedule. Details of his life I’d committed so deeply to memory that they were impossible to forget. Keeping it all bottled up wasn’t helping. I’d learned to cope through talking. I needed to talk.

“Tell me. You know you want to.”

Celia was right. I did want to tell her. So I did.

Hudson had told Celia a few things about my past, but I wasn’t entirely sure what so I told her everything. When I finished she was silent and wide-eyed for several seconds.

“Damn,” she said finally.

“Right?”

“Like, ugh. I don’t even know what to say.” She took a deep breath and straightened from her leaned-in position. “Does Hudson know?”

“He knows about the restraining order, of course. He told you about that, didn’t he?”

She nodded. “He mentioned something about it.”

I tried not to be embarrassed that he’d shared that with Celia. I’d already guessed she knew that much. It made sense why he’d told her. She was in on the scam we’d tried to pull on Sophia and it was important that Celia knew all the details, I supposed.

Whatever. It didn’t matter what Hudson had said or why, because now I’d told it all to Celia myself. “But he doesn’t know I met with Paul today. I didn’t know I was meeting with him until he showed up. Now I don’t know what to do.”

I sipped at the straw of my iced espresso that was mostly water by that point. “The obvious answer is to not work with him. That’s what I have to do. And Paul can say whatever he wants, but I can’t put myself and The Sky Launch in that kind of jeopardy.”

“There you go! You got it worked out.” Celia’s eyes narrowed as if she were considering. “Except…”

I had a whole bunch of “excepts” running through my mind. Except working with Paul would be good for the club. Except I owed him. Except he might get mad and cause me trouble if I didn’t go on board with his scheme. Except I really wanted Hudson to think I could do good things with his club.

I wondered what Celia’s “except” was. “Except what?”

“Party Planners Plus is getting a really good name around town. It’s impossible to please my mother and she was almost happy with what they did at the MoMA. That’s saying a lot. They’d do great things for the club.” She took a sip of her nonfat latte. “And Hudson would be proud.”

“Are you reading my mind?”

She smiled. “I’m just thinking logically.” She set her drink down and seemed to go into planning mode. “Would you have to work with Paul hands-on?”

“No, I think I could go strictly through Julia.”

“You could make that a stipulation to signing a contract with them.”

“But Hudson would freak! My brother would freak!” I said it before I remembered that I’d cut Brian out of my life. “Not that I’m speaking to my brother, but he worked his ass off to get me out of the whole Paul debacle.”

Celia didn’t bat an eye. “Don’t tell him. Don’t tell either of them.”

“How can I hide Paul from Hudson? He owns the club!”

“Your contact is going to be with the girlfriend, right? If Hudson happens to see the paperwork—which is unlikely—it will say Party Planners Plus. If I remember correctly, Paul’s not even really an owner. It’s legally all in Julia’s name.”

“Right, right. That’s right.” I was impressed. Celia was actually good at this scheming stuff. “But since that’s the case, maybe I should tell Hudson.”

“You can tell him, but if I know Hudson—and I do—there’s no way he’ll let you keep that contract. He’s too protective of things he considers his. And in this case, that’s not only The Sky Launch, it’s you.”

My feminist side wanted to get pissy at being considered a man’s object, but the in love side—the more dominant side, at the moment—blushed in agreement. “I know. It was worth a shot though.”

“So you have two options: forget the contract or forget telling Hudson.”

I didn’t like either choice. But I wanted that contract. Badly. So badly I could taste it. And feeling like it was a way to pay back Paul made the decision all the richer. “I won’t tell him. I’ll work with Party Planners and Hudson will never be the wiser.”

“Then I won’t tell him either.” She put her hand up and dangled her last finger. “Pinky swear.”

Her promise made me feel better. Made me feel like I had someone on my side. Made the lie seem less likely to explode in my face. “Thank you. Talking to you really helps me figure things out.”

“Of course it does.” She smiled in that way where she knew she was adorable and made no apology for it. “Hey, why didn’t you call me this morning anyway?”

I took another sip of my watered-down drink while I decided if I should tell her the truth or make up an excuse. After I’d been honest about everything else, I settled on the truth. “I didn’t think it was a good idea to see you. Hudson wasn’t happy when he found out we chatted yesterday.”

“Hmm. I imagine he didn’t.” She rubbed her lips together, and I wondered briefly how she kept her gloss looking so fresh all the time. “Well, tell you what,” she said after a minute. “We don’t have to tell him about this either. I didn’t tell Jordan I was going to go find you so I’m sure he wouldn’t say anything. You could just not say anything either.”

The thought had crossed my mind, but only fleetingly. “I’m not sure if I’m good with keeping it from him.” The list of things I wasn’t telling Hudson was getting much longer than I felt was acceptable. My past with David, working with Paul, now seeing Celia behind his back. I looked at my watch. It was only a little after one. Was that too early to have a beer?

“Sure, I get that. I’m not trying to encourage keeping secrets or anything, but he’s so weird where you’re concerned. Protective or something. The last time I talked to you, he was pissed for days. He thinks I’m going to turn you against him or something.” She rolled her eyes. “But it’s up to you. Just let me know so I’m on the same page.”

“Okay.” But I planned on telling Hudson about Celia. We were supposed to be working on honesty and the weight from two secrets was heavy enough without adding a third one.





Chapter Six





“Precious.”

It was a quarter after two when I answered my phone to Hudson’s voice. We hadn’t seen each other that morning. He’d slipped out while I was asleep in his bed, but he’d left my phone next to my head and a text message flashed on it telling me to make myself at home and he’d call me later.

Now, hearing him on the other end of the line, I realized how much I’d missed him in the mere handful of hours we’d been apart.

“Hey,” I sighed into the receiver. “I’m glad you called.”

“I said that I would.”

We’d had so few phone conversations that they still took me by surprise, still delighted me to no end. “I’m glad both that you said you would and that you did.”

“You are easily pleased.” The smile on his face was apparent through the phone. “How has your day been?”

“Dreadful until this very moment.” After Celia and I had parted ways, I’d thrown myself into putting together packages for Julia. The work had been fun and had occupied my mind completely. Still, the horror of the morning clung to me like a shadow.

“Oh? Why? What’s wrong?” Immediately Hudson was on guard, ready to fight whatever battle I was facing.

His reaction made me eager to tell him about seeing Paul, but I swiftly reminded myself why that would be a bad idea. “Nothing. Nothing’s wrong. Just everything is dreadful in comparison to being with you.”

“I feel the same.”

Just like that, Hudson could make me weak in the knees. “You don’t know what that does to me to hear you say that.”

“I can imagine.” The husky tone of his words suggested he was imagining much naughtier things than he was saying out loud.

“How did your meetings go?” His change of subject was abrupt, and I was sure he’d been thinking naughty things and now he needed a safer topic of discussion.

Though pleased at Hudson’s obvious arousal, I felt the chill of a shadow at the mention of my earlier meeting. “I’ve only met with one company so far. And it went well. I have to follow up, but I’m pretty sure it’s a done deal.”

“Of course it is. Who wouldn’t want to work with you?”

“Should I make a list?” Before that morning, that list would have included Paul Kresh. Funny how quickly things changed.

“Yes, do. And I’ll have each and every one of them shot.” Something told me he was only half-kidding. Maybe even less than half. “Do you have any plans this evening?”

I switched over to my browser on my computer and loaded up an image of Hudson to stare at while he spoke. “I had planned to be adored by a hot, virile man.” I traced my finger along the strong jaw of the picture on my monitor. “But I could cancel with him if you have something better in mind.”

“You’re teasing.”

“Am I?”

“You are, and I don’t like it.” His jealous growl was a turn-on. “Some people I know are holding an event at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens and I’d like to be there. With you.”

“I’m all yours, H. Every time.”

“Good. I’ll pick you up at the club around six.”

I looked down at my outfit—a dark green flare dress with a cut-out row of crisscrosses across my abdomen. It had a sense of class to it but perhaps was a little too risqué. “No, pick me up at my apartment. I need to change first.”

“What you’re wearing is perfect.”

“How do you know what I’m wearing?” I looked around, half-surprised when I didn’t see him standing in the office doorway. “Do you have security cameras in the club or something?” I wouldn’t put it past him. I shivered, realizing what else cameras might have recorded. Like my meeting with Paul.

“Of course I have cameras. But I don’t monitor their feed. Jordan told me what you were wearing.”

“Ah, yes, Jordan.” This was the second time my actions had been given away by him. If Hudson had spoken to my driver today, had he learned that Celia had been inquiring after me? How much did Hudson rely on Jordan to fill him in?

I tensed, the stress of carrying my secrets beginning to wear on me and raising my level of paranoia. “Tell me—is Jordan more than just my driver?”

“You didn’t want a bodyguard. I had to compromise.”

Hudson’s matter-of-factness was almost as unnerving as what he was admitting. “So Jordan spies on me for you?”

“Spy is not an accurate description of what he does. He drives you places, makes sure you’re safe, and reports back to me.”

For a moment I considered arguing about the arrangement. But after I let the idea settle, I realized it wasn’t so bad to be cared for by an overly cautious boyfriend.

I exhaled, letting my anxiety go.

“I heard that sigh. Tell me what bothers you about this?”

“Nothing, really. Only I wouldn’t have come on to Jordan so unmistakably if I’d known he was reporting back to you.” It was an obvious joke, considering Jordan was hired to drive me because he was gay.

“We both know that didn’t happen,” he scolded. “That’s twice you’ve tried to rile me. What exactly is your motive?”

“No motive. It’s just fun to hear you get all possessive alpha male.”

“If you want possessive alpha male, I can certainly comply.”

I smiled, leaning back into my seat. “I want you to be you. Which is already really possessive alpha male, but if there’s more of that you’re keeping from me, bring it on.”

“I changed my mind. I’ll pick you up at five-thirty.”

“Okay. Extra stop planned?”

“No. I need time to fuck you on the way over in the limo without worrying about being rushed.”

I was glad I was already seated. Otherwise, I may have hit the floor. “You need to mark your territory?”

“I need to be inside you. Otherwise, I’ll be uncomfortably hard and unable to concentrate on business.”

I closed my eyes and let my mind fill with his dirty plans. “Then I shall be waiting at five-thirty.”

“Be ready for me.”

“I will be.” I had an appointment with another event planner, but it was scheduled for four. Plenty of time. “I should be done with my appointments by five.”

“When I said ready, I meant that I want you wet.”

“Oh. Well, I’m sure that won’t be a problem.” It never was where Hudson was concerned, especially when he exerted his alpha male persona. “But maybe you can send me some dirty texts on your way to help heighten the mood.”

“I’m sure that could be arranged.”

“Awesome.”

It was ten minutes before Hudson was supposed to arrive when he sent his first text, and honestly, by that time I’d forgotten to expect it. So when my phone buzzed that I’d received it, I read it without preparing myself. Which was a mistake.

“I’m craving the taste of your pussy on my lips.”

“Everything okay?” David had arrived a few minutes before and my shock at Hudson’s message must have read across my face.

“Yeah. I’m fine. I’m…just…”

A second text buzzed through before I could finish my thought. “I’ve been thinking about it all day. Your pussy. How it feels, how it tastes, how it smells.”

Followed by a third. “And the sounds you make when I’m touching you and eating you.”

My body felt warm. “Uh, Hudson’s on his way,” I managed. “I didn’t realize it was already so late.”

“Then better get wrapped up. Don’t want to leave the boss waiting.”

I internally cringed at David’s reference to Hudson as the boss—Hudson hated that—then sent a quick text reply. “I’m already wet.” Nothing had ever been truer.

I’d only had time to shut my laptop and stand from the couch where I’d been working before his next message came through.

“I’m hard for you, too. So hard it hurts.”

I turned away from David, fearful he could guess the gist of my text conversation if I didn’t hide my face. “What will you do to me when you’re with me?”

Hudson’s response came quickly, but I waited until I’d packed away my laptop in my computer bag before reading what he had to say.

“First I’ll spank you for teasing me with talk of other men.”

“Then?”

“Come outside and find out.”

“You’re here? You came early.” Thank god I’d already finished my work. I was suddenly desperate to see Hudson, glad that I could leave immediately.

“Have a good night, David,” I said, barely paying attention to his response as I left the office, reading Hudson’s next text as I walked.

“No. I’m fucking hard as stone for you, but I won’t come early.” His next text came before I had a chance to respond. “Get out here.”

Computer bag on my shoulder, purse tucked away inside it, I was practically running, stopping only to text one quick word. “Coming.”

I waited until I was about to step out of the club to read his final reply. “Yes. You will be.”

I shielded my eyes as I walked into the sunlight and saw Jordan standing with the door of the car open. Not just any car—a limo.

I raised a surprised brow as I approached. “Fancy ride.” Maybe I should have insisted on going home to change. I was definitely not dressed for black tie.

Jordan nodded but offered no explanation.

I poked my head in the back of the car and shrieked as Hudson’s strong arms pulled me, belly down, across his lap. His hand was under my skirt fondling my rump before Jordan had the door shut behind me.

“Well, hello to you, too,” I purred under his caress.

He gathered the material of my dress up around my waist, exposing my thong-wearing ass cheeks. “The fancy ride is merely for privacy. No one should witness the things I intend to do to you on the way to our event.”

Craning my neck to see his face, I asked, “And what, pray tell, do you intend to do?”

“First, this.” His hand came down hard on my bottom, and I gasped. Hudson had swatted me before, but spanking—this was new. And it was hot.

I was vaguely aware that the car hadn’t moved yet when his hand came down again even harder this time. “One for each time you teased me about other men today,” he said.

It suddenly felt very Dominant/submissive to me—like something I’d read about in a trashy romance novel where the billionaire alpha hero got off on whips and chains. Though Hudson was definitely domineering, and the spanking was a nice treat, I was pretty sure it wasn’t a lifestyle either of us planned to explore any deeper. It was too base of a form of control for Hudson—he preferred his domination with a heavy dose of manipulation. At least, according to what I knew about his past.

But role-playing—that was a different thing entirely and likely up Hudson’s alley. I decided to test it out. In an affected meek voice, I said, “Thank you, sir. Thank you for the spanking.”

Hudson laughed. “Do you need another one for mocking me?”

Either he wasn’t getting it or he wasn’t into it. I tried my submissive tone again. “I’m not mocking, sir. I enjoy my punishment, if it pleases you.”

“Oh, we’re playing that game, are we?” And the light bulb goes on. “In that case, another one because it pleases me.” He spanked me again, the slapping sound such a turn on that I squirmed in his lap. “And another for the secret you’ve been keeping.”

My breath caught. We were playing a game. He couldn’t be serious. Still, dread gathered in my belly at the thought of things he might have found out. “What secret is that, sir?”

“That you enjoy being spanked. I can smell how wet you are from here.”

A combination of relief and arousal washed over me. “Yes, sir. I do.”

His finger slipped past the small triangle of material at my crotch and inside my cunt. “Yes, you certainly do. You’re dripping.”

His hand retreated and he spanked me once more, rubbing away the sting before sitting me upright next to him. Then he reached over to grab the seatbelt and pull it across me. “I insist you buckle up while we’re driving. I have to protect what’s mine.”

I smiled. It was actually I who insisted on seatbelts whenever we were in the car. The whole parents dying in a car accident thing really sheds light on the importance of safety. It was a good move on his part, though. Quite in character. Not for the first time, I saw flashes of the man who liked to play games more often. Perhaps this little bit of role play could be a way for him to act out the part he’d so long taken with other women.

Since Hudson seemed to be enjoying the fun, I turned up my performance. “But sir, how can I ever please you when I’m held to one spot?”

“Are you challenging my decision?” His eyes twinkled with a wicked gleam. “Because I’m not above putting you back over my knee.”

“I’m sure you’re not. Sir.” He’d enjoyed the spanking as much as I had.

His eyes narrowed, but he left me in my spot. After we were both secured in our seats, Hudson pressed the intercom. “Jordan, we’re ready.”

As the car lurched into traffic, Hudson looked me over, his eyes heavy-lidded. “Turn in your seat as much as you can to face me.”

I did as he commanded, shifting as much as the seatbelt would allow. I had no idea what he had planned, where he would take this game, and the anticipation sent a shiver through my body.

With one hand around my nape, he brought me in for a rough kiss. I heard his other hand working the fly of his pants as he stroked into my mouth with long licks of his tongue. He continued his assault for several minutes, leaving my lips plump and raw when he pulled me away from him with a tug of my hair.

As if by magnetic force, my interest was drawn down to his stunning cock, bare and ready.

He pulled my hair until my gaze returned to his. “Eyes on me.”

The smartass part of me wanted to say that my eyes had been on him—on a deliciously exciting piece of him. But I knew what he meant, and smartass wasn’t part of the role I was playing, so I kept my mouth shut.

“Good girl.” His hand was still tangled in my locks. “That kiss was to set the tone. Now you will suck me off. And I want it to feel like that kiss.”

“Okay. Now as in now?” God, I was a shitty submissive.

“Yes, now.”

I inhaled his unique scent as I bent forward, eager as always to take him into my mouth. My usual cock sucking ritual involved lots of licking and teasing, but if the tone was to mirror the kiss, then I had to assume he wanted me to skip the foreplay. Instead of licking, as I’d normally begin with, I circled both hands around his penis and sucked his crown.

I took his low hiss as a sign of approval.

Fisting him at his base with one hand, I covered my teeth with my lips, hollowed my cheeks and pumped him with my hand and mouth in tandem.

His voice was strained as he encouraged me. “Like that, Alayna. Just…oh, god…just like that.”

I loved giving him pleasure, loved pleasing him. He grew thicker as I picked up my tempo, greedily sucking, brushing my tongue across the thick ridge of his shaft as I bobbed up and down.

“Yes, Alayna. You feel so good.” He was still in control, though. And I wanted him crazed.

I moved my free hand to cup his balls, rolling them gently in my palm in complete contrast to the frantic way I worked at his shaft with my lips and my tongue.

“Christ…Alayna…” It was then that he took over. He wove his fingers into my hair and directed my head to move at his pace, pushing me down to take him in deeper, deeper, deeper, his hips thrusting up as he fucked my mouth.

I tightened my grip at the root of him, hungry and greedy for his climax. He was so thick and so close and the idea that he might stop me before he reached the goal made me all the more desperate for his release. I was squirming with lust, so turned on by his primal need, by the intense pleasure that I was giving him—I moaned low and deep, the vibration of the tone spinning inside my head and against his shaft.

Hudson’s grasp tightened in my hair. “Fuck!” he rasped. “I’m going to come. Take it, Alayna. Take it all.”

I moaned again, partly because I couldn’t contain how excited I was, partly to push him over the edge.

And it worked.

He poured into me with a long grunt of pleasure as his hips thrust up hard, his cock twitching as it hit the back of my throat. My fist pumped him as he came and came and came. And I took it all. Just like he’d asked, like I’d wanted, though I felt near choking and I could barely breathe. I took every last drop, licking him clean while he shuddered beneath me.

When he was spent, his hand relaxed at my nape and I sat up to face him. Instantly he pulled me in for another kiss, this one sweeter than before, the taste of his mouth mingling with the taste of his semen until all I could recognize was a flavor that was unique and new, yet all Hudson.

“Thank you,” I murmured against his lips. He had been playing at lord and master but he’d succeeded in pleasing me. I’d wanted to taste him, had yearned for him to finish in my mouth. Not because I was especially in love with giving blowjobs, but I wanted every experience with Hudson—the good, the bad, and especially the carnal. I recognized it for the gift that it was, and it made the episode all the more wonderful.

He sat back, stroking my hair from my face. “Alayna.” I adored how he said my name, how it always felt like he was saying so much more with only those three syllables. Like a prayer, like a touchstone. It made me feel beautiful. Who was I kidding? It was what made me beautiful.

His gray eyes searched mine for long seconds. “How does it feel to belong to me?”

I didn’t know if he was still playing or not. For me, the game was over. It was with sincerity that I answered. “Perfect.”





Chapter Seven





Hudson was not willing to let me go unsatisfied. By the time we’d reached the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens, I was spent and ready for a nap. Hudson, on the other hand, seemed revived, a smug grin on his face as he took my hand, escorting me out of the limo.

An attractive blonde with Eighties pink nail polish stood at the main entrance, checking invitations as guests made their way into the gardens. Hudson was allowed in without flashing any credentials.

“You seem awfully pleased with yourself,” I whispered as we entered the grounds.

He dismissed my comment. “Everyone knows who I am.”

“That’s not what you seem pleased about.”

He shot me a wicked grin. “I think I deserve to be pleased. A lot was accomplished within a relatively short amount of time.”

“If by a lot was accomplished you mean I can barely walk, then yes, you’re correct.” I’d never had sex in a moving vehicle before, and considering my rigid seatbelt safety policy, it hadn’t ever occurred to me that it would be something I’d want to do. Hudson, however, made everything seem like something I’d want to do, when it involved him anyway. And the man’s skills in the bedroom apparently carried to the backseats of cars as well, his expert techniques and positions making me come without ever having to unbuckle.

We walked along a pathway to the atrium where dinner was being served buffet-style. Around us, the pleasant smells and aromas of the fresh outdoors overcame me, putting me in a relaxed mood that was impossible to achieve in the hustle and bustle of the city. It was amazing that such a place existed so close to the chaos of NYC.

“What is this event for anyway?”

“It’s sponsored by CotF,” Hudson answered. “Children of the Future. They’re a foundation that provides resources for foster children. This event is a thank you for those who have donated.”

“And how much have you donated?” It truly interested me the causes Hudson contributed to.

“Not how much, what.”

I looked at him questioningly.

“I donated a school.”

Holy shit. A whole school. Of course he did.

“And several scholarships on top of that. I came tonight to meet the new principal. I want the foundation’s Board of Directors to realize that though I’m not hands-on with their program, I’m still around.”

I shivered at his hint at omnipotence. It was the same way he handled all his business, I was finding. He left things in capable hands, yet was never too far away for things to go unnoticed. Hopefully, he trusted me enough to not notice everything going on at The Sky Launch. Like, who I was making deals with for events.

God, I had to stop dwelling on that. Hudson wouldn’t find out. It would be fine.

I grabbed a glass of wine off a server’s tray as he passed and downed half of it, grateful for the instant buzz.

Hudson kept his arm around me as he greeted people at the buffet. He’d told me once that he never ate at these things and now I understood why. He was too popular to ever pick up any food. I decided to wait to eat with him later, nodding and smiling as he introduced me and made small talk. But, having never been to the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens, I was also eager to explore. So when a new associate came by to say hello, I excused myself politely.

“One moment.” Hudson put a finger up to pause the balding man he was speaking with. To me he said, “Alayna, you’re welcome to stay.”

My heart thumped loud enough I feared he’d hear it. It had been difficult for Hudson to let me in on his business dealings and inviting me to participate was a big step.

“Thank you, but I want to catch the sights before the sun sets.” I squeezed his hand. “Unless you need me—”

“No.” Though there was a trace of need in his tone. Need like I felt for him every minute of every day—the unquenchable desire to always be near him. “I simply want you to be comfortable. Let me introduce you before you leave. Alayna, this is Aaron Trent. Aaron, this is my girlfriend, Alayna Withers. Perhaps of more interest to you, she’s also my promotions manager at The Sky Launch.”

I stepped forward to take Aaron’s hand.

Aaron’s grip was strong, though nothing compared to Hudson’s. “Nice to meet you.” His greeting was dismissive and he quickly dropped my hand, turning his attention to Hudson. “The Sky Launch? I’d heard you were giving the place a makeover.”

“I’m not. Alayna is.”

“Great,” Aaron said, but his focus stayed on Hudson. “I’d love to chat sometime about what my team could do for you.”

Hudson gestured to me. “Alayna’s your woman. I’m sure she’d be happy to meet with you. Alayna, Aaron owns an advertising firm. His company is quite excellent. We’ve used his services many times.”

A surge of giddiness shot through me as I understood why Hudson had wanted me to stay. “Ah, Trent Advertising. I didn’t realize you were that Trent.” They were a hard firm to get in with. Hudson introducing me could be a big coup for me. If we were alone, I would have shown Hudson just how much I appreciated the connection.

Finally, Aaron turned to me. “Ms., uh…”

“Withers,” Hudson filled in for him.

“Yes, Ms. Withers. Sorry, I’ve never been good with names.”

No, you simply weren’t interested in me until you realized I could give you something.

I decided to make it easy for the man. “Mr. Trent, I’d love to meet with you. Should I call your office to set something up?”

“I’d love to stop by the club when it’s open, check things out so I can come up with some ideas for a campaign.”

“How about tomorrow evening?” Hudson asked.

I deflated momentarily at the thought of spending a Friday evening away from Hudson. But, he was right in his suggestion. Friday was a great night to see the club at its best.

Aaron appeared as if he also regretted giving up a Friday night. But who could say no to Hudson Pierce? “Sure.”

“We open at nine, but if you can come by around, say eight-thirty, we could talk a bit before it gets crazy.” Good thing I had my business plan already outlined. Otherwise I’d have to pull an all-nighter to be prepared.

Aaron agreed to the time and then began discussing campaign ideas with Hudson. Feeling like a third wheel, I excused myself again, and left to wander.

I made my way first to the Shakespeare Garden with a second glass of champagne in hand, stopping here and there to admire the unusual plants, their fragrances mixing and lying heavily in the sweltering June air. From there, I journeyed through the Japanese Hill-and-Pond Garden. Astounded by the tranquil beauty in the rolling landscape, I found a bench to sit on and enjoy the view as dusk fell as I sipped on my beverage.

Now and then, other guests passed, and eventually a man in a navy suit showed up accompanied by an older gentleman with salt-and-pepper hair that matched his silver three-piece. They lingered over the pond and in the quiet gardens, their conversation drifting over to me.

“The deal closed Monday?” the navy suit asked. “Unfucking believable. You’re a lucky son-of-a-bitch, you know that?”

I closed my eyes, hoping to close out the conversation that was in stark contrast to the serenity of the environment. But then, a familiar word caused my ears to perk.

“…Plexis wasn’t something he wanted to let go. Had to fight him tooth and nail.” It was the older guy speaking now, speaking about Hudson’s beloved company that he’d fought to keep from being sold by his shareholders, but lost. “Fortunately, the rest of the board was not on Pierce’s side.”

This guy must work for the corporation that bought Plexis out from under Hudson.

“So what are your plans now?” the younger guy echoed my internal questions.

“With Plexis? Well, there’s a lot of money in it if we break it up and sell off the pieces.”

My stomach fell with the salt-and-pepper’s admission. It was exactly what Hudson had been afraid would happen. It would mean a lot of jobs lost.

“But we’re not discounting the idea of reselling it as a whole.” The older man turned toward the younger, eyebrow raised. “If we had a good offer.”

“Oh, are you expecting me to offer?” Navy suit guy took a step back. “Don’t get me wrong, I’d love to get my hands on Plexis, but I don’t have that sort of money right now.”

“Just thought I’d put the bug in your ear. In case.”

The men resumed walking the path, the older one smiling at me as he passed.

I waited until they were several feet away before I shot up from the bench and headed off in the opposite direction, back toward Hudson. This was his chance to get Plexis back, to turn it into the company he’d envisioned it could be. I’d even helped him work out some preliminary ideas on how to make it profitable. I was as excited as I hoped Hudson would be, knew he would be.

It took a bit of searching before I spotted Hudson in the Cherry Esplanade. He was conversing with a striking auburn-haired woman, maybe a little older than me. An unexpected knot of jealousy formed in my gut, and I had to keep myself from running to his side.

He saw me as I approached, his eyes beaming with a fondness that made the knot loosen. “Alayna.”

The way my name slid off his tongue—it never failed to make me dizzy.

Hudson turned to the woman who I could now see was definitely older than me, perhaps by ten years. “Please meet my girlfriend, Alayna Withers. She’s running the promotional division of one of my nightclubs.”

The woman introduced herself before Hudson had a chance. “Hi. Norma Anders.” Her focus went right back to Hudson. “I hadn’t realized you were seeing anyone, Hudson.”

“We’ve been private. Her wishes, not mine.” Hudson’s lie tickled me. “But I’ve finally convinced her we should tell everyone.”

Norma’s mouth tightened as her eyes swept me from head to toe. “Congratulations, then. Honestly, I’m glad you’re done with the Werner girl. She was entirely too bubbly for you, if you ask me. Plus, I never trusted her. She was up to something, Hudson.”

I tensed. Never mind that the woman obviously felt familiar enough with my man to give him dating advice, she had thought Celia and Hudson were together. I’d thought that had only been the perception of their parents. Was there something I was missing?

Hudson straightened at the mention of Celia as well, and I felt his eagerness to get away from Norma—to get me away from Norma.

“It was nice to see you here tonight, Norma. Those reports—”

She touched his arm as if it was second nature. “I’ll get them to you on Monday.”

“Thank you, Norma.”

It was a good thing Hudson pulled me into his side and led me away or I may have socked the woman in her hazel eye. Or punched him. “First name basis, huh? That’s…different.” Hudson rarely called anyone by first name unless they were important to him.

He was nonplussed by my aggravation. “We’ve known each other for years. First name basis becomes inevitable after so much time.”

“Why does she think you were seeing Celia?” It felt like the Celia/Hudson conversation was a dead horse, yet new information kept popping up, and there I went beating it again.

“Celia often accompanied me to charity events and functions where Norma saw me socially. You know that.”

A blush crept up the back of my neck. I’d never told him that I’d internet-stalked him. That’s where I’d seen the dozens of pictures of him with Celia. He knew me too well.

His hand loosened at my hip. “Norma must have assumed we were a couple. It never occurred to me to correct her.”

My mouth tasted bitter. “Because you liked that people thought you were with Celia.”

“Because I liked that Norma thought I was off-limits.”

“Oh.” Maybe I could let the Celia horse rest for a while. But now I had a whole other slew of questions about Norma.

But before I could ask, he offered. “Norma manages the financial division of one of my companies.”

“Then you’re co-workers.” I wondered how she’d gotten such an elite position. Had she slept her way to the top? The familiarity she had with him was unnerving.

His mouth twitched, fighting a smile. “Why, Alayna, this shade of jealousy is becoming on you.”

I clenched my jaw. “That’s not a comforting response.”

“Not co-workers. Boss and employee.”

Though I appreciated that he’d taken my mood seriously, his answer irked me. Hudson was technically my boss, after all. “That’s a familiar scenario.”

He stopped suddenly and turned to face me full on, his eyes blazing with determined insistence. “I’ve never been your boss, Alayna. If anything, you’re the one who owns me.”

Well, wow.

Whatever Norma had with Hudson, she didn’t have what I had. The realization was moving.

Unable to maintain the intense eye contact, I turned my gaze to the Esplanade that I hadn’t quite taken in as of yet. The lush grassy spread was lined with large cherry trees, full and green.

Hudson followed my stare. “Have you seen pictures of the cherry blossoms when they’re in bloom?”

“No.” I’d seen pictures of the Washington D.C. Cherry Blossom Festival and imagined the Esplanade must be nearly as beautiful.

“It’s breathtaking. All the trees filled with pink popcorn. The fragrance is absolutely incredible.” He swept his thumb across my cheek. “We’ll come here in the spring.”

“That sounds lovely.” I meant it. At the same time, my stomach twisted at both the prospect of still being with Hudson in the spring and the idea that I owned him. Both notions were so completely wonderful and also entirely too rushed. Could I maintain a relationship with him that long? Could I live up to the woman he obviously saw me as to him?

Rather than dwell on it, I refocused my mind on the bit of news that had set me searching for him in the first place. “Hey, I have something to tell you that you might be interested in.”

Placing his arm at the small of my back, Hudson directed me out of the Esplanade.

“It doesn’t have to be now,” I said, realizing his intention to take me up on my information at that very moment. “You can finish your mingling first.”

His mouth was hot at my ear. “The only mingling that interests me at the moment is the mingling of our genitalia.”

“You’re insatiable. You had me in the car.” But his suggestion caused my skin to tingle with want and anticipation.

“It wasn’t enough.” He pulled me off the path through a hole in the hedges—somewhere we certainly weren’t allowed to be—and pushed me up against a tall tree, his hip anchoring me in place. “I can never have enough of you.”

My breath caught in a moment of complete adoration for the man in front of me. This man who had worked through his own demons to let me in his life, had ignored every natural inclination to stay closed off and instead was trying his damndest to be with me in the way we both wanted.

I buried my gaze in his eyes. “I love you.”

He bent closer, his nose grazing the skin of my cheek. “Is that what you pulled me away to tell me? I’m not complaining if it is.”

I giggled. “You pulled me away, not the other way around, silly. And it’s not what I had to tell you. But I’m glad every time I get to say it.”

Hudson’s mouth curled into a slow smile, but movement on the path nearby caught my attention. I turned my head toward the small group walking up and spotted the salt-and-pepper man walking past. “Actually, you picked the perfect location. You see that man over there?”

Hudson followed my eyes. “The one in the tan?”

“The man next to him.” I gave him a minute to make sure he got a good look. “Do you know him?”

“Not that I recall. Should I?”

I shrugged. “Not necessarily. But I overheard him talking with another guy—” I swiveled my neck around, looking for the other man. “—that I can’t see right now. Anyway, not important. The salt-and-pepper man works for the company that purchased—wait for it—Plexis.”

Hudson relaxed his hold on me and studied the man one more time before he walked past. “How do you know this?”

“I heard him. When I was wandering earlier. He was boasting about how he was lucky to snatch such an amazing company from the likes of Hudson Pierce.”

Hudson’s posture stiffened. “Go on.”

I bit my lip. “You were right. They’re planning to dismantle the company.”

“Damn it.” It wasn’t often that Hudson showed any emotion where business was concerned—or showed any emotion period—yet I’d guessed he’d felt passionately about the company he’d lost. Now I knew for sure.

It made my next bit of news so much sweeter to deliver. “But he mentioned that they might be interested in selling if they got a good offer first.” I waited until I saw the wheels spinning behind his eyes. “You know what that means? It means all you need to do is get in there with a good offer.”

In a flash, he had me pinned again, pushing his body heavily against mine. “How about I get in you with a good offer?”

“Hudson!” I pushed lightly at his chest. “I’m serious.”

“So am I.” He nibbled along my jawline.

Unable to ever resist his advances, my body was already yielding, melting underneath him, throbbing with need to be closer. Still my brain continued to pursue answers. “I thought Plexis meant something to you.”

“It does.” He smiled as he bent in toward my lips.

I swerved my head to the side and met his eyes. “Then how come all you can think about is sexing me up? Is that all I am to you?” I knew that wasn’t all I was to him, and my words were more playful than anything, but I was disappointed that I’d been wrong about Hudson’s commitment to Plexis.

Adjusting his grip on me, he pressed tight to me again, and moved his lips near my ear. “No, it’s not. You know that your business mind turns me on to no end, especially when your business mind is looking out for my interests. And because I’m not skilled at expressing how I feel in words, I’m wishing I could show you exactly how into you I am at the moment.”

I melted. Completely.

Still my brain struggled for more validation, my voice sounding soft and full of need. “So you’re grateful for the information?”

“Very.” He thrust against me, his hard bulge showing me exactly how grateful.

I squirmed, trying to touch as much of him with as much of me as possible. “And you’re attracted to me beyond the physical?” My words were thick.

But I must have been coherent enough to be understood, because he responded between kissing and licking at my neck. “I’m attracted to everything about you—your body, your mind, your sass. Even your ‘crazy,’ as you call it.”

“You’re crazy, too, if you’re serious about that last one.”

His head jerked up so I could see the sincerity in his eyes. “I’ve never been more serious, Alayna. You’re the first person I’ve ever met who makes me believe I might not be crazy. It’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me. You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”

The world stood still around me, and all I could see and hear and feel was Hudson in front of me, on me, in my skin, in my bones. “You need to rethink that whole I’m-not-good-with-words angle, because those words were perfect.”

His nose brushed mine as he nodded once. “Now stop talking and let me occupy your mouth in other ways.”

“What happened to that good offer you had?” I bucked my hips forward, searching for something to rub against, to ease the ache growing between my legs.

“Patience, precious. Patience.” His lips took mine, caressing against them lightly at first then crushing forcefully, as his tongue lapped hungrily inside my mouth. Cupping his hands on each side of my face, he controlled our movements, pulling sweet sighs from my throat that he swallowed with his deep kiss. My own hands pressed into the tree, the bark stinging against my skin in stark contrast to the sweet ecstasy of Hudson’s mouth on mine.

I was lost to everything but him and his all-consuming kiss.

“Excuse me. Excuse me.” I vaguely heard the woman speaking, barely registered her clearing her throat. “Excuse me!”

We broke apart as it finally clicked that someone was speaking to us.

“Excuse me, but the lawn is off limits except for in—” The woman’s voice broke off. “Oh, Mr. Pierce. I didn’t realize that…Alayna?”

Still half-dazed, I turned toward the voice. “Julia? What are you—” Julia had said that she had an event later in the day. “Is your company in charge tonight?”

“Yeah.”

The good feelings that had spread from head to toe during Hudson’s dominating kiss vanished with a whoosh. This was Julia’s event. Julia was standing right here. And if Julia was here, Paul had to be here as well.

With effort, I swallowed. “Ha, wow. What a coincidence.” Did I sound flakey? Nervous? Scared out of my mind?

I gestured toward Julia. “Hudson, this is Julia Swaggert. She’s the owner of Party Planners Plus. I met with her today.” And my ex-subject of stalking, Paul Kresh, who better not be anywhere nearby or I’m going to shit a brick. “Julia, this is Hudson Pierce.”

The normally confident and assured Julia seemed flustered. “I’m…Mr. Pierce, it’s an honor to meet you. I’m really excited about the potential our companies have working together.” Her face was lit with delight, and I realized just how much this deal meant to her. Understood why Paul was so willing to risk having me around.

As he had done earlier with Aaron, Hudson deferred the attention to me. “You’re in good hands with Alayna. She takes care of all business with the club. I’m merely a name on the deed.” He touched my arm lightly. “If you’ll both pardon me, I see someone I need to speak with.”

There was no one anywhere near our hideout, and I recognized Hudson’s words as a line to leave me to my work. I’d never been more grateful. Not only for letting me own my business deals in full, but because with him gone, the chance of Paul coming up in conversation—or in real life—wasn’t as threatening.

Julia stared after Hudson as he walked away. I didn’t blame her. He was hot coming and going.

“So you and Hudson Pierce?” She waggled her eyebrows. “Is it simply a getting frisky in the moonlight thing or the whole enchilada?”

“It’s, well, both. We’re together, if that’s what the whole enchilada means.” But I didn’t want to talk about my boyfriend. I wanted to know about hers. “Speaking of ‘together,’ where’s Paul?”

She pursed her lips. “He’s about somewhere. He usually stays behind the scenes at these things.”

“Ah, of course.” He was there, though. Which meant I needed to not be. “Well, I think Hudson was about ready to call it a night—”

“Yeah, it certainly appeared as such. Lucky you.”

Her sigh made me wonder how long it had been since she and Paul got frisky. I didn’t wonder too hard. Thinking about Paul and his relationships was the last thing I wanted to do. A polar opposite to the way I’d been when I’d known him before.

“Well, I should get back as well,” she said, sounding reluctant.

But I’d already slipped through the space in the hedge. I spun around to give her a final wave. “Nice to see you at work! You’re good.”

“Thanks.”

I was teeming with anxiety as I searched for Hudson. Paul Kresh was nearby. We had to leave. We had to leave before Hudson discovered my worst mistake had reentered my life.

I’d only made it a few feet along the pathway when Hudson stepped out from a nearby bush and took my hand, pulling me back toward the garden entrance.

“We need to leave. Now.” His tone was forceful, urgent.

Fuck. He knew. Had he overheard us talking? Would he assume that any Paul mentioned would be Paul Kresh?

I played innocent, in case I was wrong—hoping I was wrong. “Why? What’s the problem?” My heart stopped while I waited for his response.

Instead of answering, he took my hand and placed it over his still hard cock.

“Oh, my.” I hoped my exhalation sounded like awe rather than relief. Especially since some of it was awe. I was always impressed by Hudson’s penis. Even in the middle of a personal crisis.

I turned my flirt on full force, knowing that it was my easy ticket out of there. “Or you could take me here in the gardens.”

“Don’t tempt me. I’m near throwing you on that bench over there, but that might not be in the best of taste. And I wouldn’t want to tarnish your reputation.” His eyes darted toward me. “Besides, what I have in store for you will take most of the night and I’m sure the Brooklyn Botanic Society would prefer to close before I’m anywhere near finished.”

Instantly, I needed a change of panties. “Um, okay.”

“Is that a problem?”

“Not at all.”

We were almost at the park entrance when Hudson cursed.

“What is it?”

“I see someone I should talk to. Do you mind?”

I was hot and needy and desperate to be jumped, so yes, I minded. But a glance at Hudson said he minded more. “Considering how you’re walking, I think you’ll be the miserable one.”

He gave me a pained glare and began leading me toward a group of gentleman talking nearby.

Then I saw him, out of the corner of my eye. I turned my head to be sure it was him. It was. Paul Kresh in the flesh. Twice in one day, what were the chances? He wasn’t with the men that Hudson needed to speak to, thank god, but standing near the Visitor Center talking to a server balancing a tray of empty champagne glasses.

I started to look away but not in time. Our eyes met across the sidewalk. “Hudson, I’ll let you talk with your peeps. I’m going to look for the girl’s room.”

He pulled me closer. “Maybe I’ll have to come find you there when I’m done here,” he whispered before kissing me on the forehead.

I felt the blush spread down my neck, even though his words were rather innocent compared to how he usually talked. But I was so aroused already that anything he did or said was a trigger. It was also inconvenient. I didn’t want to be flustered and horny when I spoke to Paul. He’d surely assume it was for him.

I took deep breaths as I walked toward Paul, calming myself. He waited until I was only a couple of feet away before he spoke. “Should I be worried that you’re stalking me? Again?”

I rolled my eyes.

“Don’t bother explaining.” He nodded toward the man I’d left. “That was Hudson Pierce, wasn’t it? If you’re with him, I get why you’re here.”

I tried not to let it bother me that he knew so much personal info about me. Julia would have told him eventually anyway. “Yes, that’s Hudson. We’re seeing each other.”

“Huh.”

I watched the gears spin behind his eyes. I didn’t spend months memorizing every detail about him to not realize what he was thinking. “Hey, there’s nothing to gain from this information, Paul. He knows about you and my past, knows about the restraining order, and if you have any intention—”

“What the fuck intention would I have? You’re acting like I’d blackmail you or something. Which is pretty ballsy coming from someone who handcuffed herself to my desk naked.”

“I’d say it’s a damn fair assumption since you pretty much blackmailed me just this afternoon.”

“That…wasn’t blackmail. Exactly.” He rubbed at his nose, like Pinocchio disguising his lie. “It was heavy-handed persuasion.”

“Whatever it was, it was pressure, and I didn’t like it.”

“Look, Laynie—”

“I know, I know.” I didn’t need him to try to persuade or pressure or whatever the hell he wanted to call it. I got it already. “You want this deal for Julia, and because I really want to work with her, I’m agreeing to it. But I don’t want any interaction with you. Zip. Nada. I don’t want to bump into you at events or have you showing up at my club or calling me—none of it. I want the restraining order restrictions to be adhered to. This can’t come back to bite me in the ass, okay?”

“Fine. Whatever.” But the victory gleamed in his eyes. “It won’t come back to bite you. It’s only me and you this affects.”

“Tell that to Hudson. He would not like it if he found out that I signed a deal that even remotely involved you.” And suddenly I realized that if I didn’t want Hudson to find out about Paul, I couldn’t tell him about meeting with Celia either. It would open the door for him to find out the things she and I had talked about. Like Paul. And there was no way Hudson would take that lying down.

“Why would he care? As long as we keep it professional and at a distance like you said, this doesn’t have anything to do with him.”

“Because, while you and I both know that most everything that happened between us was my fault—”

“Most everything? Try everything.”

I gave him a stern look. “You did cheat on your fiancé.”

Paul shrugged.

What an ass. “Anyway, Hudson doesn’t see you as innocent. And it’s not because I said anything to point you out, it’s simply because…” I couldn’t finish the statement. I didn’t have the answer. “I don’t know why. He sees the good in me for some reason.” Good that I was beginning to doubt existed.

Paul chortled. “I didn’t know from his reputation that he was a psycho.”

I stepped forward, closing in on his personal space. “You know what? You need to shut the fuck up. He is not a psycho. I am not a psycho. You, however, are an asshole. I can still back out of this shit. Go ahead and throw whatever you want to throw at me, I have Hudson Pierce on my side.”

“And wouldn’t he love it if the whole world knew about his girlfriend’s criminal past? He’d be a laughing stock. Especially when I tell everyone how you sought out Party Planners Plus so you could work with me again.”

My heart felt like I’d been dropped three stories. “But that’s not true.”

He shrugged again, that carefree shrug of someone holding all the cards. “People don’t care if it’s true. They love gossip, particularly when it’s about the elite.”

My mouth tasted sour. “I thought this wasn’t blackmail.”

“Not yet, it isn’t.” He leveled his gaze at me. “Does it need to be?”

A chill ran down my spine. I was trapped, as I’d known I was earlier, and I knew it even more definitively now. “Fine, Paul. I’ll do the deal but on the terms I listed.” Over his shoulder I saw Hudson striding our way. “I’m walking away now. Smile and head the other direction.”

I didn’t know if he did what I said because I left him, striding to meet Hudson before he came any nearer. “Hey.” I felt breathy and lightheaded and not in a good way.

“Did you find the restroom?”

“Um, no.” Thank god I hadn’t really needed to go. “It’s okay. I can wait until we get home.”

I tried to turn him toward the exit, but Hudson looked questionably back toward where Paul was retreating.

Thinking fast, I filled him in with a story before he had a chance to ask. “That was one of the event workers. I was trying to get the dirt on Party Planners from him.”

He raised a brow. “It seemed to be a rather animated discussion.”

“Yeah, he was passionate about what he was saying.” Then I realized it was probably me who had seemed animated. “I guess it got me riled up too. He says they’re a great company all around. I’m more excited than ever to work with them.” The lie felt heavy on my tongue, my gut twisting with the acid of it. It made me wonder how I’d spent so many years lying and manipulating people so I could be close to men who didn’t want me. It had been so easy then. Now, with the man who did want me, it felt gross and disgusting.

Hudson bought my act, which made me feel all the worse for it. “That’s excellent.” He drew me into his side. “Want to know what I’m more excited than ever about? Getting home. More specifically, getting you home. Or, at least to the car.”

“Me, too.” Whatever he planned to do to me would take me away from everything else in the world. It would distract me from my secrets and the blackmail and the promises I’d broken. At least, I hoped it would.





Chapter Eight





We were still curled up together when Hudson’s alarm woke us the next morning. He kissed me breathless before pulling me with him out of the bed.

“You start the shower,” he ordered. “I’ll start the coffee.”

Grinning, I did as instructed, traipsing to the bathroom to pee first. Then I turned on the shower, waiting until the water was nice and hot before stepping in.

This. Was. Awesome.

Not only the double oversized nozzles that sprayed down on me, relaxing my sex-sore muscles, but the entire routine. Making love in the middle of the night, waking with my lover, preparing the shower for him, for us—I could do this every day.

I sighed softly at the idea, letting the too-soon fantasy of living with Hudson take me away for the briefest of moments.

“Well, the look on your face says you might not need me anymore for pleasure.” Hudson stepped into the stall, immediately tugging me into his arms, as if he wanted to be in constant contact the way I did.

“This shower is amazeballs,” I said, my eyes drawn immediately to the semi-erection pressed between us. Could I never get enough of seeing him naked?

“Amazeballs?”

“But it can never compare to what you do to me.” My hand closed around his divine penis, my mouth watering as always at the size and shape of him.

He moaned, turning harder in my hand. “What if I did amazeballs things to you while we’re in the amazeballs shower?”

It was hard not to giggle at his use of urban vernacular. It was so foreign, so unlike him. So absolutely irresistible. “There’s not even a word for how amazeballs that would be.”





After our shower, we went about getting ready for our day. Hudson named one of the sinks as mine, and side-by-side he shaved and I powdered, each of us wearing only a towel. Again, I thought how easy it would be to fall into this life. How natural.

He finished in the bathroom first and by the time I came out, he was dressed in a two-piece black suit that made my thighs twitch. God, the man was the yummiest thing on the planet.

“Hungry?”

Could he read my mind? “Oh, for breakfast?”

“Yes, for breakfast. Get your mind out of the gutter, precious. I’ve already spent more time than I allotted on you this morning.”

I shivered at the memory of being pressed against the shower wall, his dick inside me. “Well, I’m glad to know there was an allotment.”

“There was.” He walked past me toward the bedroom door and I caught the scent of his aftershave. “Toast and grapefruit okay?”

“Perfect,” I said, inhaling his amazing smell. “Meet you out there.”

I threw on the only dress left hanging in the spare closet, wishing I had something a little more businesslike for my meetings that day. Which made me face the issue I’d been avoiding—my apartment. I needed to stop by there. I also needed to figure out what I was going to do about a place to live. My lease was ending and since my brother was no longer paying my rent, I’d have to find something more affordable.

It would certainly be easier to move in with Hudson.

But it would be a bad idea, I reminded myself. Too soon, too soon, too soon. Plus, he hadn’t even made the offer.

Once dressed, my hair tied in a knot at my nape, I joined Hudson at the kitchen table. He’d already set out my breakfast with a travel mug of coffee.

“I didn’t know what time you were planning to be out of here so I gave you that.” He nodded at the travel mug.

“Soon. I have an appointment at ten-thirty with a graphic designer to go over new menus, and I want to make sure I have my presentation for tonight’s meeting with Aaron Trent ready before that, because I have a crap load of other things to do this afternoon.” I was rambling, a bit nervous about my day’s to-do list.

Hudson raised a brow. “A crap load of things?”

“Yeah. I’m sure Trent will want a formal marketing plan, and I need to set up some interviews for an additional cook.” I took a swallow of my coffee. “And I really should go home.”

“Home.” It wasn’t a question, merely a repeat of my word, but his tone was darker, surprised. Disappointed maybe.

“My apartment.”

“I understood the reference. Why?”

I stabbed at my grapefruit with my spoon. “I don’t know. I need to pick up my mail and check on things. Make sure the place is okay. You know, all my stuff is there.”

I’d known the conversation would be awkward when I began it. Though it was necessary to go to my place, I didn’t want Hudson to think I didn’t want to be with him, that I didn’t want to be invited back. The best way to get that across was to be straightforward about it. “I should get another change of clothes if you’re inviting me to stay the night again.”

Hudson dropped his own spoon with a noisy clank. “Inviting you to stay the night? What are you talking about? I gave you a key. You can come and go as you please.”

I leaned forward, a big grin on my face. “So, then I definitely need a change of clothes. Because it pleases me to spend the night with you.”

“It pleases me for you to spend the night with me, too.” He wiped his mouth with his napkin and set it over his plate. “And as long as we’re talking about it, it would please me if you would spend all your nights here and if all your things were here as well.”

I froze. There it was. At least, I thought that there it was. I needed clarification before I freaked. “What are you…I don’t know what you’re saying.”

“Yes, you do. But I’ll spell it out if that makes you feel better.” He stood and took his dish to the sink as he spoke. When he returned, he remained standing, leaning against the breakfast bar behind him. He probably didn’t realize the impact of his towering presence. Or perhaps he did. Perhaps it was purposeful. He did know how to mold a situation to his favor.

“Yes, spell it out.” My voice squeaked, unsure whether to be excited or terrified.

“Why do you need your apartment? Your lease is almost up. Move in here.”

I didn’t even bother asking how he knew about my lease. If I thought about it too hard, I’d worry about the safety of my other secrets. Besides, I was too stunned by his statement to be able to think about anything but those three words: Move in here.

“I love that I can still shock you.” Hudson tilted his head, looking at me from a new angle. “But I’d prefer that this wasn’t one of the times that I did. What about that plan is shocking to you?”

Shaking, I set my spoon down. Even though I’d only eaten half of my fruit, there was no way I was eating more. I could barely formulate thought let alone think about chewing and swallowing. “Well, um, it’s just, it’s awfully soon.”

He frowned. “It is. It’s unfortunate that a lengthy time span is regarded as such an important element to appropriate landmarks in relationships. It shouldn’t be a factor.”

“But shouldn’t it?” I shifted on my chair to face him head-on.

“Not for me. As I said before, when I have a plan, I commit. I plan to be with you as much as possible. And not only in the carnal sense. Moving in is a logical way to make that happen.”

I stood, gathering my dishes to take to the sink. I had to clutch them against my body so he didn’t hear them rattle in my unsteady hands. “And that’s another reason it might not be a good idea. It seems a little like a business plan. Like this is the next step on a list. Not very romantic or anything.”

His voice tightened. “I didn’t realize you were in need of romance. You know that’s not in my nature.”

“Hey.” I waited until he turned to face me, the breakfast bar between us. “That’s bullshit. You say you aren’t romantic, but you really are very much so.” The things he’d said the night before, for example. “I wasn’t complaining about your romantic overtures.”

“Then what are you complaining about?” He seemed genuinely confused.

“Nothing! I’m complaining about nothing.”

“You were complaining about the way I asked you to move in with me.”

“No, I’m not.” I shifted my eyes. “Okay, yes, I was. A little, but that’s not why I’m saying no.”

This took him aback. “You’re saying no?”

“No.” Wait. “I mean, yes.” Except, I didn’t really want to say no. I wanted to be with Hudson all the time, like how he’d said he wanted to be with me. Still, the length of time we’d been together… “I mean, I don’t know.”

Hudson came around the bar and put a hand on each of my upper arms. “Alayna, do you know how you feel about me?”

“Yes. I love you. You know that.”

“Then move in with me.”

I bit my lip and tugged on his lavender tie. “I have to think.”

He put a finger under my chin and lifted my face so I was forced to meet his eyes. “Why?”

“I just do.” I pulled away, unable to concentrate with his hands on me. Unable to stand my ground with the electricity surging between us as it always did when we touched.

Turning back to the sink for distraction, I dumped the grapefruit shells into the garbage and ran water over our dishes. “This is big, and yes, it would make things easier and I can’t deny that I want to—”

“Then do it.”

“—but I don’t know if it’s the right thing to do.” I turned off the water and flicked my wet hands over the sink. Without facing him, I admitted the heart of my hesitation. “I’m falling for you too hard, Hudson. Too fast and that scares me.”

“Falling? Or fallen?”

Both. Every time I was certain I’d met my max capacity of love for him, that I’d fallen as far as I possibly could, he’d go and do or say something spectacular and I’d find I loved him even more. “Either way, does it matter?”

“If you’ve already fallen, then why are you worried anymore about whether it’s too hard or too fast? It’s already done. That’s how I’m approaching it.”

There it was again—an allusion to the way he felt about me without an actual declaration. That was a problem right there, wasn’t it? How could I live with a man who couldn’t even say he loved me?

I took a deep breath and turned to him once again. “Can I just have a little time to think about it? When I’m away from you?”

He stiffened. “Are you suggesting that I’m pressuring you?”

“I’m suggesting that you’re distracting. And yes, it’s pressure, whether you mean for it to be or not. And honestly, a tiny bit manipulative. And with your past, it does cross my mind that maybe you want to control me, and that this is the easiest way for you to do so.”

His expression hardened and I ran to him, wrapping my arms around his neck. “Now, don’t, don’t be upset, H. I’m not saying you are manipulating me or that you want to control me, I’m saying I need time to think. To be sure. Give it to me. Please?”

“If that’s what you need.” His tone was chilly, his arms remaining at his sides, even as I held him.

I curled my fingers into the hair at the back of his neck. “Hudson!”

“What?”

“Don’t be like this.”

He remained stiff. “I’m not being like anything.”

“Then are we okay?” I pressed kisses underneath his jaw, wanting—no, needing—him to yield to me, to give in to my embrace.

He exhaled, finally wrapping his arms around me. “Of course we are.” He kissed the top of my head. “Always.”





Hudson’s driver picked him up at the same time Jordan arrived for me. The minute I was alone in the backseat of the Maybach, I pulled out my phone to call Liesl. I had to talk to someone about Hudson’s move-in proposition, and she was the person I turned to when things got rough. I stopped before I dialed, however. Liesl had worked for me the night before. She’d likely still be sleeping. Besides, even though she knew me, she didn’t know Hudson. Not truly. Knowing Hudson was a vital part of helping me make a sound decision.

But there was someone who did know Hudson—knew Hudson very well. And I had her number.

When Celia didn’t answer, I hung up and redialed as she’d instructed. It took until the third call before I got through to her. I considered telling her my news on the phone but decided we might need something more personal. At least, I needed something more personal, so we arranged to meet for lunch at one.

Celia was already seated when I arrived at A Voce. I waited until after the waitress had taken my order for an iced tea and chicken and watercress salad before diving into conversation.

Though I’d planned to lead with Hudson’s invitation to move in, it was something else entirely that came out of my mouth. “What do you know about Norma Anders?” She’d invaded my thoughts several times since she’d put her hand on Hudson’s and he’d called her by her first name.

Celia’s brows rose. “Ah, you heard about the slut.”

“You mean, Hudson and—” My stomach churned. Maybe I shouldn’t have asked.

“Honestly, I don’t know for sure. It’s not like Hudson discusses his conquests with me. And if I had to guess, I’d say no because if he had fucked her—sorry, that was a bit coarse, but you know what I mean—if he had, then he’d be done with her and she certainly wouldn’t still be working with him.”

I wanted to grab on to Celia’s words like a lifeline and believe there was no way Hudson had been…intimate…with Norma Anders. But there were holes in her theory. “That’s if he slept with her when he was still, you know, messing with women. He hasn’t done any of that for a while, right? Like not in the last two years.”

Her forehead creased. “Uh, yeah. Of course.”

“So Hudson could have slept with her after he’d started therapy and then it wouldn’t have been such a big deal for him to keep her employed.”

Celia nodded. “I get you. But I still don’t think so. Here’s the thing. Norma’s always been after him. From way before he ever had therapy. And I can’t tell you how many functions I went to where I watched her try to seduce him, hence the reason I refer to her as the slut. Yet despite all her attempts, he never made any move to play her.”

“Which makes it all more likely that he’d go to her after therapy. Trust me, I know.” It made perfect sense. The people I’d dated since therapy had been the safe ones, the men I didn’t feel intensely about. If Hudson had never been interested in playing Norma, then she was similarly safe.

On the other hand, Hudson had told me more than once that he’d never wanted to play me either. Did he refrain from playing Norma for similar reasons? Because he felt something for her?

The idea made me sick with jealousy.

And it didn’t give me any answers as to whether or not she was special to him now or in the past. If I really wanted to know, I’d have to look closer at Norma. I made a mental note to do a Google search in my free time.

Then I deleted the mental note.

What the hell was I thinking? Internet-stalking was for the old Alayna Withers. I would not stoop to that level. Hudson wanted me with him. Always. What other proof did I need to know I was the important woman in his life?

We halted the conversation to let the waitress serve us. When we were alone again, I started up as if we’d never stopped. “You’re probably right. I don’t know why I’m worrying about it, really. I’m the one he asked to move in with him, not her.”

“Exactly.” Her smile vanished. “Wait, what? He asked you to move in? That’s awesome!”

It was awesome. Utterly awesome, and for the first time, I let myself truly feel the awesomeness of it rather than just the fear. I played it casually though, shrugging it off as no big deal. “I don’t know. It’s too soon. Isn’t it too soon?”

“Whatever. Are there rules about these things?” Celia talked around a forkful of salad. “When Hudson knows what he wants, he doesn’t hesitate.”

I tried not to let it bother me that Celia knew Hudson cold. “He told me pretty much the same thing.” I swallowed. “When I told him no.”

“You didn’t!” She gasped and her expression matched her surprised exclamation.

“I did. Well, I said I’d think about it.”

Celia was beyond excited. “And now you’ve thought about it and you’re going to say yes. You have to say yes. How can you not say yes? This is Hudson Pierce!”

“I don’t love him for that reason.” Not because he was world renowned billionaire business mogul Hudson Pierce, anyway. But because he was who he was—unique and special in so many ways.

“All the more reason you have to say yes. And that’s exactly why you’re the one he wants. You aren’t caught up in the show that surrounds him. You can’t imagine how few people are.” She pulled her loose blonde hair to one side of her head. “Jesus, Alayna, you’re perfect for him. You have to move in. You’ll break his heart if you don’t. He so obviously loves you.”

Was it really that obvious? “He still hasn’t said it.”

“But didn’t he? Asking you to move in with him…that seems like saying it to me. In the only way Hudson can.”

Just like how he’d needed to show me the night before how he felt about me with his body since he couldn’t say it with words.

Okay. Maybe Celia had a point.

Or she simply understood my lover way better than I did.

“Damn it.” I had wanted to be responsible this time. Wanted to ride this relationship with caution, to not fuck any of it up like I usually did, and here both Hudson and Celia had compelling reasons to throw all caution to the wind. “I do need a new place to live.”

“Get out! This is perfect then. Like, fated or whatever.”

It had been convenient that I’d found Hudson just when Brian had decided to stop supporting me. I hadn’t ever bought into the idea of fate or destiny, but maybe there was something about being meant for each other that deserved to be credited. Or else Hudson merely had impeccable timing. Whatever the reason, we’d found each other, and thinking about the immensity of that made me choke up. “Ah, I can’t talk about this anymore. It’s making me all twitchy and emotional.”

Celia smiled with equally watery eyes. “But you’re going to say yes, right?”

I gave an almost imperceptible nod.

“You are!” Celia clapped her hands together. “I feel like I should hug you. I’m a hugger. But we’re eating and in a restaurant so maybe that would be weird. This will have to do.” She placed her hand over mine and squeezed.

I was beyond grateful that we were at a restaurant because I was not a hugger. The hand squeeze was a good compromise and actually sort of nice. It was good to have a friend that really understood the things I was going through. That’s what Celia was now to me—a friend.

She was still beaming when she took her hand off mine. “When are you going to tell him? Tonight?”

“No. I don’t think so. I have a meeting at eight-thirty so he’s taking me to an early dinner at six and I don’t want to tell him when we’re rushed.”

She frowned. “You have a meeting? Tonight?”

“Yeah. Why do you think that’s weird?” Or was I misreading her expression?

“Not weird. Just horrible that you have to work on a Friday evening. Doesn’t the fact that you’re sleeping with the boss award you certain privileges?”

I laughed. “You would think. It was Hudson that set it up for me, and I don’t want to look a gift horse in the mouth.”

“Oh. Interesting.” She smoothed her eyebrows with her index finger, as if they would have gotten out of place. “Who’s the meeting with anyway?”

“Aaron Trent.”

“Wow. Major score, Laynie.” For a minute I thought she might give me a high five. “I guess you can’t complain about landing a meeting with Aaron Trent. Even if it occupies your Friday night.”

“And that’s the privilege I get for sleeping with the boss. Good contacts. I owe Hudson big time.” I thought about what I’d said. “Except he hates being referred to as my boss.”

“Why doesn’t that surprise me?”

“So I’ll tell him I’ll move in tomorrow. No big deal. Then I can plan some way special to tell him.” Or at least make sure that there would be time for celebrating after, because there was no way I’d make it through that conversation without being mauled. Not that I was complaining.

“Hey, can I borrow your phone a minute?” Celia held her hand out expectantly.

“Uh, yeah.” I unlocked my screen and handed it over, curiosity lacing my tone.

“Thanks. Mine is acting so stupid. It doesn’t ring half the time, which I figure is part of the reason I never get to the phone.” She dialed some numbers on my phone and waited. “See? Not ringing.” She hit redial and tried again. “Nothing. I guess I need to take my phone in. Thanks.”

“No problem.” I took my phone back and stuck it in my bra. “Oh, I, um, I didn’t end up telling Hudson I saw you yesterday.”

“Decided it was too tricky of a convo?”

“It never came up. And then after today—”

“You aren’t going to tell him,” she finished for me. “I wouldn’t either. I mean, I really don’t want to encourage secrets, but this is really no big deal. And Hudson would make it a big deal.”

“A huge deal.” Especially considering the subject matter of our discussion. “So we’re good keeping it on the down low?”

“I won’t say a word. Pinky swear.”

“Pinky swear.” I waved my little finger in the air, mimicking her.

Hopefully pinky swears actually counted for something in the rich, exotic world of Celia Werner and Hudson Pierce. Because things were going so well in my life, and that meant I had so much to lose. All it would take is a little slip of the tongue from one of us to knock down my beautiful house of cards.





Chapter Nine





The rest of the afternoon flew by as I finished up my marketing plan for my meeting with Aaron Trent. Then, an email from Julia with suggestions for package changes occupied me long enough that I had to put off going to my apartment for another time. All in all, it was a productive day, and by the time Hudson texted that he was on his way, I was famished and eager to see my man.

I stopped at the upstairs bar when I saw purple hair dancing behind the counter. “Liesl!” It hadn’t occurred to me how much I’d miss my co-worker when I changed my schedule to work days.

“Hey, girlfriend!” Liesl knew me well enough to know I preferred to keep my personal space. Instead of a hug, she offered a high five. “You’re looking hot.” She chomped her gum as she looked me up and down. “Things must still be good with Houston Piers.”

“Hudson Pierce,” I corrected. “Say it with me.”

She blew a big bubble and let it pop. “I know his name. Now. I just like dickin’ with you.” She grinned. “Tell me all about you and the psychotically hot one. And start with the sex.”

“That would take a while.” I suddenly wished I wasn’t on my way out, that I had time to sit and chat with my friend. I’d lied to her like I’d lied to everyone when the Hudson/Alayna coupledom was pretend, even though I’d ached to tell her the truth. And at the sight of her, I ached again to tell her how amazing things were going, but I’d have to give her the backstory to explain why things were different than the last time I’d said things were amazing. Given the chance, I’d tell her everything. But I didn’t have that chance at the moment, and a sadness settled over me at the realization of how far apart we’d grown over the last couple of weeks.

She pinned me with a penetrating stare. “But things are good?”

I knew what she was really asking—was I still in control of my obsessing? Was I still sane? “Things are very good, actually. Wanna do lunch some time and catch up?”

Her eyes went wide. “Definitely. I miss you!”

“I miss you, too!” Having Celia as a friend didn’t take the place of Liesl. I’d have to make a better effort to stay in touch.

“You have your purse on your shoulder. Does that mean you’re leaving?” She leaned her elbows on the bar and rested her chin in her hands.

“I am. But I’ll be back. Hudson’s taking me to dinner.”

“Yeah, dinner. That’s what it’s called.” She winked. “But David said you’d been here all day, so why are you coming back? We got your night shifts covered.”

“I know, and thanks so much for that. But I have a meeting later.”

“Oh.” She tugged at her purple strands that I noticed now had blue highlights added. “Wait, does that meeting of yours happen to be with some Trent guy?”

“Yes—” How did she…“Liesl, is there something you forgot to tell me?”

She popped another bubble, the watermelon scent wafting to me. “Yeah, his secretary called a while ago and said he needs to reschedule.” She shrugged.

I clapped my hand to my forehead.

“Sorry. Guess I forgot to mention it.”

“No, it’s fine. It’s actually awesome news. Okay, maybe not exactly awesome since I spent all flipping day preparing to meet with the guy, but now I have Friday night off.”

“And now you’re not coming back.” Liesl put on her best pout.

“Nope. My turn to say sorry.” My phone buzzed with a text from Hudson saying he was outside. “That’s Hudson. Gotta go.”

“You’re choosing him over me?” Liesl loved to play up the drama.

“You don’t have the goods that Hudson does.” I pushed my purse strap higher on my shoulder.

“I have different goods. Still good goods, though. You just need to give them a chance!”

I laughed as I walked away, waving over my shoulder. Liesl was bi-curious and often pretended to flirt with me. At least, I thought she was pretending. Didn’t matter, I had no interest in women sexually. No interest in anyone but the man waiting for me outside.

I stepped out of the club and shielded my eyes against the sun, expecting to see the Maybach. Instead, a black limousine was at the curb. Upon seeing me, Jordan climbed out of the car and circled to open the back door.

“Hey,” I said, to Jordan, ogling him as discreetly as I could. He was too yummy not to.

“Good evening, Ms. Withers.”

I stepped in the car, my heart immediately picking up its pace at the sight of Hudson waiting inside. “A limousine two nights in a row? What’s the occasion this time?”

“I thought we had a nice drive yesterday.”

The door shut behind me, and I was already scooting toward Hudson as he reached for me, pulling me into his lap.

“A nice drive or a nice ride?” I was already slippery down below remembering our trip to the Botanic Gardens. I would not be opposed to a repeat performance.

“If I remember correctly, you rode. I drove.” His mouth found mine, one hand cradling my face as the other wrapped around my waist. He sucked at my bottom lip before slipping in to lick along my teeth. I stroked my tongue under the bottom of his until he accepted the invitation to dance, wrapping around mine as our lips shifted and molded against each other.

The lurch of the car pulling into traffic pulled me out of our embrace. I maneuvered to the seat next to Hudson and latched my belt. A part of me was surprised that he hadn’t brought up moving in again or that he wasn’t tense waiting for my answer. Now that my night was free, I could go ahead and tell him over dinner. Or screw dinner and tell him in the car. But I’d wanted the moment to be right. “So…how was your day?”

He put his arm around my shoulder, holding me as close as safety would allow. His fingers played with the loose tendrils of hair at my neck. “You were there for the only part of today that mattered. And that part was fantastic.”

He took my hand in his, caressing it, and the way he moved his fingers across my skin lit my whole body on fire. “How about your day?”

“Ditto.” I’d been eager to share the details of what I was working on in the club. But now that I was with him, business could wait. Now my only interest was us. Us together. Us in love. “Though, I do have a surprise for you.”

His lips curled into a devilish grin. “Are you not wearing underwear?” His hand slid between my thighs as if he was determined to discover the answer for himself.

I smacked his hand away even though I burned to have his fingers go further, to rub against my clit in that expert way of his. We’d get there soon enough. I had time to tease. We had all night now that my meeting had been canceled. “I’m wearing underwear, you perv. If you’d wanted me to go without, you shouldn’t have stocked me with panties.”

“The panties were for when you were in the company of others. And right now we’re alone.”

I nodded toward the direction of the front seat, knowing full well that Jordan couldn’t see or hear us behind the dark divider. “Somewhat.”

“Somewhat enough.” He let go of my hand and placed it high on my thigh instead. The gleam in his eyes said he was planning to ravage me right there in the back of his limo on the way to dinner. Again. “Tell me your surprise.”

“I spent most of my day preparing for my meeting with Aaron Trent. And I just found out he canceled.”

“He canceled?” Hudson was instantly furious. He pulled out his phone and scrolled through his contacts. “Let me call him. If he can’t bother to show up tonight then he doesn’t need to bother working on my other accounts with him.”

I put my hand over his, stilling his phone search. “He must have had a good reason to cancel. I’ll call him in the morning. It’s not a biggie. I had a long day anyway and I’m happy to postpone.”

“Then I’ll call to reschedule.”

“No, let me. Please.” I hadn’t realized how important this was to me until right then. Yes, I’d landed the connection because of Hudson and I’d likely get a good deal because of him as well. But I needed a chance to prove what I could do. “I’d like to handle this on my own.”

Hudson sighed, pocketing his phone. “If that’s what you want. But tell me if he doesn’t give you the respect you deserve.”

“Because my rich, powerful boyfriend stepping in to fight my battles will earn his esteem.”

“Isn’t that what boyfriends are supposed to do?”

“Um, not my boyfriend.” Leaning into the crook of his arm, I traced my finger along the curve of his jaw. “I’ll let you know when I need you, H. For now, though, let me do this myself?”

“Of course.” He captured my finger between his teeth and chewed on the pad. I was wet instantly.

My eyes never left his mouth, riveted to the things he was doing to my finger—promises for later that evening. Or sooner, the way things were progressing. “And, the awesome thing about him canceling is that now you’ve got me all night. Whatcha gonna do with me?”

He removed my finger from his mouth. “You’re not going back tonight?”

“Nope. I’m all yours. You can take me out, and then I can take you in.” I waggled my brows suggestively. I hadn’t had that many opportunities to play with Hudson, and I was enjoying myself. Our relationship before had been confined to “show” and “sex.” This in between stuff was still new. And awfully fun.

Hudson sat up straighter, his arm moving from my shoulder to the back of the seat instead. “Actually, I can’t.” He didn’t meet my eyes. “I arranged dinner with you, but then I have other plans.”

“Oh.” I swallowed. “Yeah, of course. I shouldn’t have assumed.” Just because we had a relationship now didn’t mean that he didn’t have a life of his own. Hudson was a busy man—he had business deals and charity events and all sorts of things that didn’t involve me. Why did it feel so much like a rejection, then?

Hudson sighed. “Alayna.”

“Nope, my bad.” My throat felt tight, but I forced a smile. “I’ll watch one of my movies or catch up on my reading. Not a biggie.”

“But we still have dinner.”

“Yep.” I nodded too long. As if nodding could erase all the suspicions that were entering my mind. Like, what were his other plans? Who had plans at eight on a Friday night? Why wasn’t he telling me what they were so that I wouldn’t assume the worst? Because I was assuming the worst. Big time. Assuming dates with other women and…and…well, mostly that—dates with other women. Women like Norma Anders.

I could ask him. But I knew if I asked, it would sound like an accusation. Or I was afraid it would sound like an accusation. Because it would totally be an accusation.

So I didn’t ask. I wouldn’t.

We sat in silence for about thirty seconds.

Then I couldn’t handle it any longer. “So, um, what exactly are your other plans?” I squeezed his leg, hoping that would lighten any tension I might have created.

“It’s...” He shook his head. “It’s nothing.”

So much for lightening the tension. “Seriously? You can’t say it’s nothing and expect me to let that drop.” I added an awkward laugh to cover any shrillness that might be hiding in my tone. Inside, the paranoia built in my chest—paranoia that absolutely drove me insane and, like the most determined weed, was almost impossible to kill once it took root. I had to fight it, I couldn’t let it win.

Hudson’s jaw twitched. He was considering. Or trying to make up a good lie. Finally he spoke. “I’m going to a dinner with my mother.”

Sophia. Just thinking about her made my spirits sink. No wonder Hudson didn’t want to bring it up.

“Oh.” I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying to sort the situation out. “But we’re going to dinner now.”

He didn’t bat an eye. “I was planning to eat light.”

“You were planning to eat twice? We can skip dinner. Eat with her. I can catch a bite later.” That sounded like an understanding girlfriend, right? Because that’s how I needed to sound, despite the fact that I felt anything but understanding.

“I’d rather eat with you and skip dinner with her.”

“Then do that.”

“I can’t. It’s her birthday. She expects me there.”

And there it was. The rest of the story. “Today’s your mother’s birthday and you weren’t going to mention it?”

He removed his arm from behind me and dropped it into his lap. “It’s not like you two are close.”

“But you are!” I swiveled as much as the seatbelt would allow so I could face him. “She’s your mother. Your family is important to you, whether you want to admit it or not. If I’m important to you, too, then shouldn’t you share what’s up with them?”

He met my eyes, piercing me in such a way I had to brace for his words. “You are important to me, Alayna, and me not telling you about this has no reflection on that.” He relaxed his stare. “You were going to be at work, there was no reason to even mention it.”

“But now I’m not working...”

“And now you know.”

I knew because I’d dragged it from him. I knew because my circumstances changed and forced him to have to tell me. And the only reason I’d planned to be at work in the first place was because Hudson had conveniently arranged for me to be. He’d worked to keep this dinner from me. Did he really think that he could pick and choose the things he chose to share in a relationship?

Maybe he did. To his credit, he hadn’t had a real relationship before.

And wasn’t I picking and choosing what I shared with him?

I didn’t want to think about that. My secrets had no bearing on the conversation at hand. My secrets were still safe. His was not. And finding out he’d kept something from me didn’t feel right, it didn’t feel good. He should have told me. Hell, he should have invited me!

I blinked back a tear that was threatening to fall. “Is it just going to be you and her?”

“No. The rest of my family will be there, too.”

My lip quivered. “And you’re still not going to invite me?”

“No, I’m not.”

I didn’t say anything. Tears were falling now and I didn’t think I could talk. God, since I’d been with Hudson, I’d turned into a total crier. How embarrassing.

Hudson moved to wipe away a tear, but I pulled away, not wanting his touch.

“It’s family only, Alayna. Not a big deal.”

“Family only. Yep, I get it.” I tried not to let that sting. Of course I wasn’t family, but I’d been welcomed by most of them—by Mira, her husband Adam, by Hudson’s father Jack. And now Hudson wanted me to live with him. Didn’t that automatically earn me invites to family events?

“Family only. And you don’t get along with Sophia. Why would you want to be there?”

“Because you’re going to be there.” I wiped my wet face with my palm. “And we’re a couple, Hudson. When we were pretending to be a couple, you wanted her to see me with you all the time. Now that we’re really a couple, you don’t. That doesn’t make any sense.”

“Now I care more about you than her, and I’m not going to subject you to an evening with my mother.” His voice was steady. In another situation, I might have admired his continued calm, cool, collected bit, but right now all I could think was, how is he not affected by this? By me?

“Can’t you understand that you not letting me go feels like you’re leaving me out of your life?” My voice cracked. “It hurts.”

“I’m not leaving you out of my life. I’m leaving her out of your life.”

“It doesn’t work like that. You can’t protect me. Besides, it feels like an excuse. It feels like you’re ashamed of me or like I’m not good enough to be with your family.” I was beginning to doubt my decision to move in. Gratefully, I hadn’t said anything yet. If he was setting up barriers between us, was cohabitating really a good idea?

“Don’t be ridiculous. You’ve been with my family many times.”

“Then why not tonight?” That was exactly my point. If I was good enough for them before, why not now?

His silence told me he wasn’t willing to explain.

If he needed to be alone with his family, then all right. But I couldn’t help how I felt. Crushed, that’s how I felt. Absolutely crushed.

I needed to be alone before I got awful with him. I didn’t trust myself not to.

Scanning the backseat, I spotted an intercom on each door. I undid my seatbelt and scooted to the door away from Hudson. I depressed the button. “Jordan, can you drop me off at my apartment?”

With lightning speed, Hudson hit his own button. “Ignore that, Jordan.”

“I want to go home, Hudson. I can’t be with you right now.” I could barely see through my tears, but I heard him unbuckle his seatbelt and then felt him slide across the seat to me. “I don’t want to be touched right now. Please.”

He ignored me, pulling me into his arms. I resisted, which was senseless, really. He could overpower me in a heartbeat.

Still, I leaned into the door, pushing him away.

“Stop it. Stop fighting me.” He caught each of my arms in his and held them, his hands circling my forearms with strength I couldn’t hope to defeat. “Stop fighting.”

“Then stop hurting me,” I sobbed.

He knew I didn’t mean physically. He wasn’t gripping me that tightly.

“All right.” He let go of me, his voice full of resignation. “You can come. If you really want to be part of this awful night, then you are welcome to join me.”

My tears had frozen, surprised that I’d won. I’d never won these battles. They usually ended in me groveling, and then, when the guy refused to take me back, I would resort to crazy behavior. Like stalking. And stealing mail. And showing up at places where I knew the guy would be.

It never ended with me still with the guy.

Maybe because I was so relieved or because I was in shock, or more likely because I suddenly felt overwhelmingly guilty about the whole conversation, I burst into a new set of tears.

“Now what?”

My crying continued, but this time I let him pull me into his arms. “I’m such a bitch,” I said into his shoulder.

“What?”

I lifted my mouth from the material of his jacket. “I’m a total bitch. I didn’t mean to pressure you into an invite, and I did. I won’t go, I’ll stay home.” He’d asked me out of duress. It felt shitty.

Hudson pulled me tighter against him, kissing the top of my head. “You’re not a bitch. And you didn’t pressure me into anything. You’re coming with me. It will be awful, but at least it will be awful together.”

Wiping the tears from my face, I raised my eyes to his. “Are you sure?”

“I’m completely sure it will be awful.”

I chuckled. “Are you sure I can come?”

He leaned his head against mine, placing a hand on my cheek. “I am. I want you there. I always wanted you there.” He trailed his hand down my neck. “But my mother is mean and terrible and she wants to hurt me. And she knows the easiest way to hurt me is to hurt you.” His hand at my waist gripped me tighter, his fingers digging through my dress into my skin. “I can’t bear to watch you go through that.”

It was my turn to assure him. I reached up, placing my hands on the sides of his face, forcing him to look at me. “Nothing she says or does means anything to me. Do you hear me? I already won. I have you.”

His eyes clouded—not simply with the lust that often darkened his gray hue when he looked at me—but with emotion that I could only name as love.

He pulled me even closer, as if he could pull me into him if he tried hard enough. “You do have me. Completely.”

I don’t know if I moved to him or he moved to me, just that our mouths were together, shifting in such a way that it was much more than kissing. It was a declaration—a statement of a union between the two of us that we couldn’t yet express in any way besides with our bodies.

When he pulled away, I was breathless and flushed.

His eyes lowered to my outfit. “You’ll need a dress. We should have time to stop by the boutique.” He reached across me and pushed the intercom. “Jordan, change of plans. Take us to Mirabelle’s.”





Chapter Ten





Mirabelle owned one of the hottest boutiques in New York City. Despite never needing to work a day in her life, the middle Pierce child had an eye for clothing design and she put it to good use. Her shop was by appointment only, and I’d nearly lost myself in fashionista heaven when Hudson had taken me to purchase racks of clothing almost two weeks before.

After directing Jordan to Greenwich Village where Mira’s was located, Hudson pulled out his phone and called his sister. I listened half-heartedly to their short conversation. “Thanks, we’re on our way,” he said before hanging up.

“She won’t be there,” he said to me as he pocketed his phone. “She’s getting ready for the party. But Stacy will take care of you.”

I groaned inwardly at the thought of dealing with Stacy, Mira’s too-thin blonde assistant. She had a thing for Hudson, had even gone out with him on at least one occasion. Needless to say, she wasn’t fond of me. The daggers she shot with her eyes were poisonous enough to kill an army.

Plus, she made me jealous. Mira insisted that Stacy wasn’t even a blip on Hudson’s radar. But one night, when I’d cyber-stalked him, I’d seen a picture of Hudson and Stacy together. They looked good. And I bet she didn’t have a history of crazy like I did.

If I could avoid seeing Stacy, I’d be a much happier person. “If Mira’s not going to be there, maybe we shouldn’t bother with the boutique. We could go back to my place and get something that we bought last time.”

“No, we need something new. I’ll want to show you off.”

I wasn’t sure if that made me happy or irritated. On the one hand, he liked the way I looked enough to feel like he could parade me. On the other hand, was that all I was? A show pony? Was this left over from our convince-everyone-we’re-together scheme?

It was likely none of the above, simply a complimentary statement from a man to his woman. My emotions were still too muddled from the last fifteen minutes—from the last twenty-four hours—and now everything had a twinge of heaviness. It didn’t seem like I could simply take anything at face value. There were layers to every gesture, every comment, every moment, and I was having a hard time getting my head around it all.

The nearly forty-five minute drive from Uptown to the Village didn’t help. I cuddled into Hudson and closed my eyes trying to nap, unsuccessfully. When Jordan finally pulled up in front of the boutique, it felt like a lifetime had passed.

Hudson didn’t wait for our driver to open the door. He climbed out and extended his hand. He continued to hold my hand as we walked to the shop, and I couldn’t help but remember the last time we’d been there, how he’d held my hand then. How it had been pretend then and this time was real. It was real, wasn’t it?

As if he could read my mind, Hudson squeezed my hand as we waited for Stacy to answer the bell. I turned to him and his lip curled into a half-smile.

It occurred to me that I’d seen him smile more in the last twenty-four hours than I had the entire three weeks I’d known him. Yeah, this was real.

Behind him, I saw construction workers at the shop next door, clearing up for the day.

“I wonder what’s going on over there.”

Hudson followed my glance. “Mirabelle’s expanding. I believe they’ve almost finished. We’ll come to the open house. She’ll want you there.”

“Wow. More clothes for me to choose from. Can your wallet handle it?” It was hilarious considering his bank account could clothe a small country. A large one, even.

We were both laughing when the door opened. Stacy barely glanced at us as she stood aside to let us in. “I have a client I’m finishing up with, but I already picked out some options for you. They’re in the big dressing room.”

So much for hellos.

She returned to her customer, and I glanced at Hudson to gauge his reaction to the lack of greeting. His face was stone. Whatever he thought about Stacy, he didn’t show it. Perhaps she really did mean absolutely nothing to him. But if that was the case, why had he ever gone out with her to begin with? Even if it was only the one date, wouldn’t he have had at least an ounce of attraction to her?

After my mini-tantrum in the limo, it didn’t seem like such a good time to bring up his relationship with Stacy, if it even qualified to be called that. But I made a mental note to ask about it in the future. And not just about Stacy, but about all of Hudson’s past women. Because I needed to know.

As she had said, Stacy had left several dresses in the dressing room, and despite my fear that she’d spitefully only pick hideous items for me to try on, they most definitely were anything but. Not that Mirabelle’s even had anything remotely ugly on its racks. These dresses, though, were particularly exquisite. With all her scowling about, Stacy must have paid attention to what I chose the last time I’d been there, noticed what looked good on me, because these seemed almost tailor-made to my style. My eyes widened at the selection, too many called my name, and I was eager to try them all on.

Hudson, on the other hand, immediately fixated on one specific dress—a magenta satin Jersey. It was pretty enough, but awfully simple and brighter in color than something I’d wear at a family function.

He fingered the convertible straps. “This one.” There was finality in his voice.

“I haven’t tried it on. You don’t even know how it—”

“I do know.” He took the dress by the hanger and, after turning me to face the mirror, held it in front of me as he stood behind. “It’s perfect.”

I looked in the mirror, trying to picture the dress on my body, but all I could think of was the last time I’d been in that dressing room with Hudson, standing in front of that very mirror. He’d done incredible things to my body then, made me watch as I came undone from the ministrations of his hands on my breasts and between my thighs. Then, he’d entered me and took me with such force and desire that I’d come undone again.

My face heated from the memory, and I met his eyes in our reflection.

Hudson leaned into whisper at my ear. “I know what you’re thinking. Stop it.” He unbuttoned his jacket and pressed up against me so I could feel the thick ridge of his hard-on against my rear. “I’m thinking about it, too. And we don’t have time to deal with those thoughts as I would like.”

“Are you sure?” I reached my hand behind me to fondle his erection.

He took a deep breath. “You’re certainly a different woman than the one I brought in here last time. The one who wanted to keep things sex-free.” His voice was tight, the only indication of what my half-assed hand-job was doing to him.

“I never wanted to keep things sex-free. I just thought it would be best for me if we did.” That was back when I thought for half a second that I had a chance of staying away from him. When I thought I might become obsessed with him if I didn’t keep my distance. When I didn’t realize how complete of a hold he already had on me.

He placed his hand over mine, controlling the pressure of my touch. “Is that still what would be best for you?”

Together, we stroked the length of his cock through his pants, and I longed to touch his bare skin, to slide my fingers across his crown, to pump him with my fist. He did this to me, completely turned me on, made me wet and interested in nothing but satisfying his need for me while he satisfied my need for him.

“You’re best for me.” My words were full of the ache I felt for him. “In every way—beside me, inside me…”

“Fuck, Alayna. You get me so hot, I—”

There was a single rap at the door followed by barely enough time for us to separate before Stacy walked in.

Her eyes flitted from my face to his then back to mine. “I should have waited for an invitation to come in.”

“Yes, you should have.” It was the first time I’d seen Hudson address Stacy in any way, and it was short and clipped. He turned to hang the dress back on the rack and buttoned his suit jacket before turning back to us. “I’ll step out while you change, Alayna.” He nodded back to the magenta dress. “That one.”

Stacy’s face was even, but her eyes flickered with the rejection. I almost felt sorry for her. I’d been her—dejected by men I thought I was into. Part of me wanted to reach out to comfort her.

But then the spite returned to her gaze. “Is that the dress you’d like to start with?” Her voice was cold as she took the magenta Jersey from the hanger without waiting for my response.

I reached behind and unzipped my clothing myself and let it fall to the floor. “Yes. It’s the one Hudson wants.” I used his name as a weapon, claiming him as mine. “He thinks it will be perfect.”

Actually, it was. I could tell as soon as the dress was over my head. The color lit up my skin, highlighting my natural olive tone. It was low-cut enough that it showed off my boobs, an asset I was proud of. Hudson had always been quite fond of my bosom, surely one of the reasons he’d chosen it. The length was short enough to show some leg, but the flowing shape would only hint at my curves rather than hug them like many of my dresses did, leaving more to the imagination. It was a different style for me and that might have been what had prevented me from the same vision Hudson had. But he knew my body well, better than I did.

“He’s right. It’s perfect for you.” I’d been so mesmerized by my reflection, Stacy’s voice startled me.

I turned to her and found her expression had softened. It occurred to me that she was comparing herself to me as much as I compared myself to Celia, that she was measuring her flaws against mine. It was enough to send a person into dark depression. At least, that’s what that kind of thinking could do to me. Again, I felt sorry for her. Or maybe it wasn’t pity, it was something else—solidarity, maybe.

Stacy reached up to adjust a strap. “He has good taste.”

Her tone suggested she wasn’t talking about the dress. It hinted at more. The connection I felt with her, odd though it may be, led me to prod. “But…?”

Her forehead creased. “But what?”

“I sense there was more to your statement.”

She looked away, busying herself with adjusting the breast cups of the dress. “It’s not my place.”

“Go ahead. Whatever you have to say, I can take it.” Did I sound too eager? What I was hoping to gain from the conversation, I couldn’t say. Maybe I was simply curious.

That was a lie. I was obsessed. No matter how “well” I was, no matter how healthy, I’d always be drawn to dig deeper, to find out as much as I could about the people I was attracted to. This was no different. Stacy had something to say regarding Hudson—something that might give me insight into the man I loved. I had to keep digging.

When she didn’t offer more, I nudged her. “I know you’ve dated Hudson before.”

She let out a sharp laugh. “Is that what he told you?”

I took a deep breath, hoping the words I chose to speak would keep her talking. “He hasn’t told me anything about you. I’ve seen a picture of the two of you together at an event or something.”

“Right.” She nodded as if she knew exactly what picture I was talking about. “I was his escort for the night. We never dated.”

“Escort?” My mind immediately went to hookers and high-priced call girls.

“Not that kind of escort. I never slept with him.”

A huge weight lifted off my chest at her admission. I knew Hudson had slept with other women. Of course he had, but I didn’t want to think about it. Because if I did, that’s all I’d think about—him and whomever, sharing the intimacies that he and I shared now. So knowing that Hudson and Stacy never had that—it was a relief.

With that worry abated, I could concentrate on the other thing niggling at the edge of my brain. If they hadn’t dated, if they hadn’t slept with each other, yet Stacy emanated such scorn—

Then I got it. “Oh. I think I understand.” She’d been one of his victims. One of the women whom he’d played—made her love him with whatever he said or did, then discarded her. It made me sick, and I hated that about me. I didn’t want to feel sick about the things Hudson had done. I wanted to love him enough to look past anything.

But I was human. And even though I did love him past anything, it wasn’t pleasant to focus on the things he’d done that had hurt people.

That thought was the one I clung to—if it made me feel this way to realize the brokenness of his past actions, then Hudson must ache inside, carrying the weight of these mistakes. I surely ached from the damage I’d inflicted on others—my strained relationship with my brother, how I’d hurt the men in my past. Paul…

I dismissed the name of my past lover and refocused on Stacy.

“Maybe you do understand,” she was saying. “And maybe Hudson’s changed. But I should warn you—”

“I don’t need to be warned.” It was absolutely schizo how I went back and forth from encouraging to defensive. I bit my lip and when I spoke again, I tried to assume the calm and inviting posture I had before. “I mean, he’s already told me everything.” I hope.

Giving voice to my fear, Stacy raised a brow and asked point blank, “Has he?” She let it sink in for a moment, letting me wonder.

She gathered the dress I’d been wearing off the floor. “Believe whatever. All I’m saying is he’s not what he says he is.” She hung it as she talked. “No matter what he tells you, it’s a lie.”

I’d been around this before: He tells me he won’t lie and if I believe that, then I can believe everything he says. But if that is in itself a lie… “But it’s not just what he said,” I thought out loud. “He’s shown me who he is. And Celia said—”

Stacy froze. “Celia Werner?”

I nodded.

Her face grew serious. “Don’t believe anything she says either. They’re together.”

“They’re friends.” I meant for my tone to be insistent, but it came out weak and, again, defensive.

“They’re together.” Her tone succeeded at insistent. “Or they were. I can prove it too, if—”

The door opened, cutting her off. Unlike Stacy, Hudson didn’t knock. He simply took his place in the world. I loved that about him.

“Gorgeous.” He wanted me and it showed in every part of him from his posture to the gleam in his eyes, to the thickness of his voice.

And everything Stacy and I had been talking about vanished from my mind. My knees went weak with desire, and whatever doubts I had disappeared. He was there fixed on me. How could I be anything but sure? Sure about him, about me. About us.

“Thank you.” I glowed; I could feel the warmth in every part of my body, reaching toward him. “It is gorgeous. You chose well.”

“I did. I chose you.”

How was I possibly still standing upright when it felt like every part of me had fallen into delight?

He saw what he did to me, his lips curving into a knowing smile. “She’ll wear it out.” His eyes never left me even though he spoke to Stacy.

Stacy.

Our conversation came rushing back to me, and the sweet feelings Hudson had brought became jaded. I should drop it, let myself stay lost in that happy, warm place.

But she’d said she could prove it…

“Hudson, I’ll be a minute. I need to freshen up my face.”

He nodded, and I realized he meant to wait while I reapplied my makeup. But I wanted him out of there, bad idea as it was.

I caught sight of the shoes that I’d worn earlier, sticking out from under the rack where I’d flung them. “Would you mind picking out some other shoes for me, H? Those ones don’t quite go.”

He followed my gaze to the discarded shoes. “No, they don’t. I saw some silver heels that would look stunning.”

Like me, Hudson had an appreciation for shoes. It was another one of the things I adored about him.

“Grab them for me?” I didn’t have to tell him I’d let him fuck me in them later. He knew. He’d be the one to decide that anyway. He could dominate me all he wanted. Fine by me.

“Sure thing, baby.” He winked and I smiled at his endearment. He was so unused to any terms of affection that they all sounded strained and forced on his tongue. Except for when he called me precious. That one came out with complete sincerity.

He opened the door and left to hunt for shoes. Stacy began to follow him, but I reached out and grabbed her forearm.

“You said you could prove it.” I hoped my whisper wasn’t as shaky as it sounded to my own ears. Was I actually doing this? Giving in to my doubts about Celia and Hudson? This was not a healthy move. It could very well be the beginning of spiraling into a loss of control. Or maybe I’d already lost control, because against my better judgment, I couldn’t keep myself from asking. “Can you really?”

“Yes. Not here, but—”

“Give me your phone.”

She pulled her phone from her pocket, and I entered my number in before handing it back to her. “You can text me.” It was a bad idea—inviting doubts with whatever so-called evidence Stacy had to share.

But on the other hand, my mind could make up a pretty hefty dose of horrible things that Stacy might produce to prove a more-than-friends relationship between Celia and Hudson. The real proof was probably much less malignant.

At least, that’s what I kept telling myself.





We arrived at the restaurant a few minutes after eight. This time Hudson waited for Jordan to let us out of the limo, for appearances perhaps. I’d never been to this restaurant and knew nothing about it, hadn’t even caught the name. I only knew we were back Uptown. We rode the elevator hand-in-hand to the top floor in silence. I was quiet because I was nervous—nervous to interact with Sophia again, especially if she wasn’t aware I was crashing her birthday party.

I couldn’t say why Hudson was quiet. Perhaps he was nervous too.

“Mr. Pierce,” the host said, recognizing Hudson. “Your party is already seated. Right this way.”

We followed him into the restaurant toward windows that overlooked the city, the tree cover of Central Park the highlight of the view. The Pierce family was spread over two tables pressed together. I scanned the faces as the host set up an extra place setting for me, the unexpected guest. Chandler, Hudson’s teenage brother, and Sophia, her face expressionless. Next was Jack, Hudson’s father, a real charmer. It surprised me that he was sitting next to his wife since he openly detested her. Across from them were Mira and Adam.

That should have been everyone, but near me, their backs toward me so I hadn’t spotted them at first, were Warren and Madge Werner. And Celia.

I tensed, so many warring thoughts in my head, emotions so strong that they spread through my body. Hudson hadn’t invited me, hadn’t wanted me at this social function, but Celia had been on the guest list all along. Was that the true reason he hadn’t told me about Sophia’s birthday? Both of us had agreed not to see her. Yeah, I had gone back on that deal, but at least there wasn’t a chance that I was going to jump her. At least I hadn’t almost been engaged to the woman. Had he not invited me to this dinner because of that silly agreement, or was it because he wanted to be alone with her? Well, alone as in without me, anyway.

And Celia, whom I had confided in and bonded with just that afternoon, hadn’t mentioned the dinner either.

My eyes flew from the blonde to the man standing next to me. His face was even. This was why he’d been quiet. He knew I’d be upset.

I was.

I couldn’t take it. I had to bolt. Through gritted teeth, I hissed, “I thought you said this was family only.”

Then I turned and walked away.





Chapter Eleven





Before I was out of earshot, I heard Hudson defending my departure. “She left something in the car. Excuse us a moment.”

Fuck, he was coming after me.

The sure way to lose him was to head for the bathroom, not that I put it past Hudson to follow me in, but I didn’t know where it was located, and I’d already made it past the host’s desk. My eyes scanned the hallway. There were the elevators, which would require waiting for a car, and a door to the stairs.

I took the stairs, and, realizing fifty flights down in heels was maybe not a good idea, I went up.

The breeze hit my face as I stepped onto the roof, the heavy door slamming behind me. I kept walking.

The roof was practically abandoned, so I knew the sound of the door shutting behind me was Hudson. Still I kept on, rushing through the gardens and leisure seating arranged across the building top, trying to find a spot where I could be alone, where I could breathe, where I could sort out my paranoia from the legitimacy of the situation.

At the corner wall, I stopped. I leaned over the edge of the cement enclosure, gulping in huge lungfuls of air. Deep breathing was the only thing keeping me from breaking down into sobs.

His footsteps were quiet behind me, but I still heard them, as if I was hyper-attuned to his movements. He stopped before he got to me, reaching out to me with speech instead of his body. “The Werners are practically family.”

At least he was smart enough to know why I’d run. And brave enough to not pretend otherwise. He deserved credit for that.

But I couldn’t give him anything but disbelief. “Right. Uh-huh.” I didn’t turn toward him. I didn’t want to see his face as he explained. If his expression said I was being ridiculous—it would break me.

“What, do you think I didn’t tell you on purpose?” His voice was calm despite his words.

I spit out a harsh laugh. “You don’t want to know what I’m thinking.”

“Actually, I do.”

I spun around. “No, you don’t.” I backed up until the high corner wall met my back. He didn’t get it. Chances were that my feelings were magnified—I had no way to judge their validity when I was this upset. Experience and counseling taught me to not deal with these situations until I calmed down. I needed time to get calm.

“Trust me when I tell you I do.”

“Hudson, you can’t say that when you don’t know what I want to say. It’s not good. In fact, you need to leave me alone. Or I’m going to blame you for things. Things I’m probably overreacting about and you’re going to be offended. And I’m going to lose you.”

That was the only thing I knew for sure. That whatever I said, whatever I felt, it would drive him away. My intense emotions had never failed to scare off the men in my life. Even my own brother had grown tired of dealing.

“You aren’t going to lose me.” He took one step toward me. Not cautious, but completely sure. As if to say he had complete control of the situation. As if to say, just try to back me down.

I pressed harder against the cement behind me, wishing I could disappear inside it. I didn’t want him to witness me like this. “You haven’t seen this side of me, Hudson. You don’t know.”

“Then I need to stay. I need to see every side of you.”

He was so calm. I shook my head and bit my lip, fighting off the tears that threatened. Fuck, I couldn’t cry. Eventually I’d have to go back to that restaurant and I didn’t want to be tear-stained.

But if Hudson stayed, if he pressed me, I didn’t think I could keep it together.

Or maybe I could tell him. If we were going to share things, then shouldn’t this be one of them? Shouldn’t he be the one person whom I could go to about anything? He’d always brought me peace in the past, when I’d explained what was going on in my head.

“Go ahead. Ask me.”

“It won’t be asking; it will be accusing.” I continued to fight, but my defense was weaker.

And underneath all the accusations rolling in my mind, one thought kept repeating: It wasn’t fair. Not fucking fair. None of it—my parent’s dying, my father’s drinking, my past obsessions, whatever led to now when my history of crazy made it impossible to determine whether or not what I was feeling at the moment was valid. Whether I should be laying into Hudson over his deceit or whether I should be apologizing for running out.

“Do it. I want to hear it. I need to know what you’re thinking. Trust me.”

Trust me. It always came to that. I either trusted him, or I didn’t.

And the simple fact was that I did. Trust him.

I swallowed. “You didn’t invite me tonight because you knew she’d be here.” It was barely a whisper, but he heard me.

He nodded once, saying he understood. “That’s not true. I told you why I didn’t invite you. And I did invite you in the end. You’re here.”

“But you didn’t want to at first.” I stared at my shoes, but my voice strengthened as I fell into the accusations waiting on my tongue. “That’s probably why you had to doll me up. To show up Celia, whatever your game with her is. It wasn’t about your mother at all.”

“You’re right.”

My head whipped up.

“You’re right that it wasn’t about my mother. It was about you. I wanted everyone to see how beautiful you are. How beautiful the woman who loves me is.”

His statement stirred up my fury. Was he turning my love into a trophy? Into a weapon against her?

It sure felt as such.

“Celia,” I spit her name. “You wanted to show Celia, you mean.”

He shook his head again.

“She’s here, Hudson!” I didn’t care that I was shouting. The few people on the roof could enjoy the scene. I didn’t even notice if anyone’s head turned, I was so wrapped up in my anger. “She’s here with free rein and I had to beg to be here. And you told me you wouldn’t see her without me. What is she to you?”

“Nothing. An old friend.”

“Bullshit.” My voice cracked, but, so far, the tears were staying in my eyes. “Otherwise you would have told me about this dinner from the beginning. You were hiding it from me.” I pointed a shaky finger at him. “Because you knew she would be here too.”

“I didn’t know.” His lids closed in a long blink as he took a breath. “I suspected,” he conceded. “But she’s not here because of me. Her mother is my mother’s best friend. You know that.”

“Fuck that. She’s twenty-eight years old. She’s old enough to not go to every goddamn function with her mother. She’s here for you.”

“And I’m here with you.” His tone was solid, unwavering. Such a contrast to mine.

“She’s still in love with you.”

“And I’m with you.”

He closed the gap between us, and I secretly sighed in relief, placing my palms against the wall for support. He braced his arms on either side of me, caging me in. “I’m with you.”

My fingers curled inward, trying to hold onto something. Having no success against the cement, they flew forward and gripped onto his jacket instead.

He took that as an invitation to move closer. Or he just moved closer, not caring if he was invited or not. He pressed his body against mine, and I couldn’t help but press back into him, soaking in his warmth. I’d feared my words would scare him off, and even though my doubts hadn’t yet been stilled, he hadn’t gone anywhere. He was there.

There and wanting.

His erection pressed against my belly.

My eyes flew to his, surprised. He was turned on? How did…why was…did my doubts do that? Did my messed up anxiety make him want me more?

“I’m hard for you and only you.” He spoke low, his words gritty with desire. “It’s you that I adore.” He lowered his mouth to kiss along my neck, and I let my head fall to the side, granting him access. I moaned as his lips met my skin.

Then, with simply his touch, I relaxed, melting into him. This was all I needed—his mouth on me, his body against me. Who cared about the why? I only cared that he was there.

I threw my arms around his neck, and his mouth crushed into mine, hard. His tongue plunged inside, stroking and caressing—I went wet wanting him inside me in the same way.

He pulled my lower lip between his teeth then let it go. “I’m with you,” he said again as his hands gathered the material of my dress up around my waist, tucking it in to the band of my underwear. And again, as his fingers slipped inside my panties.

His fingers circled against my nub, and I bucked forward with a moan.

“That’s it.” He continued his expert caressing, kissing me and encouraging me. “Relax. Let me be with you.”

I whimpered as fingers slid along the length of my slit and found the center of my heat. But instead of entering me as I so desired—so needed—Hudson dropped to his knees and pulled my panties down to my ankles.

Before I could protest the loss of his hands on my core, he licked along the lips of my vagina. “It’s you that I’m about to go down on.” He spoke between long strokes with his tongue. “It’s you I’m going to make come with my mouth so that when we go back down there and you start to feel insecure, you will still be wet and you’ll remember my lips were on you and no one else.”

I was about to come from his words alone, so turned on by his possessiveness, by his demand for me to know that I was his.

He lifted one foot out of my panties and threw my leg over his shoulder. Then he returned full force, sucking my clit into his mouth. His fingers jabbed into my hole—I have no idea how many he used—but he bent them and stroked me until I was writhing. I clutched my hands into his hair for support as my orgasm exploded through me, rocking me against his hand, against his mouth.

Hudson didn’t wait for me to calm before he stood, pressing his pelvis against me, urging me to give his cock attention. I cupped his length—God, he was so hard.

“Take it out,” he commanded.

Laughter drew my eyes across the roof to a group of people lounging in the sitting area. How long had they been there? “We’re not alone.”

“Take it out. I don’t care about anyone or anything but being inside you right now. I have to be inside you.”

And really, I didn’t care either. Not in the least.

I undid his belt and unzipped his pants. He lowered his clothing enough to release his cock. Immediately I circled my hands around it. He was so hard that his veins protruded from the soft skin of his shaft.

He didn’t let me fondle him as long as I would have liked. Instead, he lifted me, my back still against the wall, and pushed into me, hard.

“Goddamn, your pussy is so good.” He drove into me with rapid, staccato thrusts. “Do you hear me? Your pussy makes me this hard. No one else’s.”

I admired his ability to talk, to be able to speak to me with such coherence while I was a puddle beneath him. And his words—his amazing words—they melted me even more. I soaked them up as I clutched onto him, as he undid me again and again.

His voice strained as he neared his climax, but still he spoke. “When we go back down to dinner, I will smell like you and you will smell like me. And you’ll remember that we are together. I am with you.”

We came together, me biting into his shoulder to suppress the scream that threatened to escape my lips, him grunting, “No one but you.”

No one but you.

I wrapped the sentiment around me like a child’s favorite blanket. If I could stay like that, stay embraced in the knowledge that I was there for him, then I could dismiss all the doubts that crept into my heart. I could forget about Stacy and her wild claims of proof. I could believe that Celia was merely a friend.

If I could believe that one statement, Hudson and I would be just fine.





Chapter Twelve





Amazingly, the calm Hudson gave me on the rooftop continued as we made our way back to the restaurant. Even Sophia’s peeved glare didn’t fluster me as the waiter pulled out my chair for me.

Sophia took a sip of the brown liquid in her hand. “It’s about time you returned.”

I remembered what Hudson had said as we’d left—that I’d forgotten something in the car—and I started to apologize, using that as the basis of my excuse.

But Hudson beat me to answering. “We got distracted.” He squeezed my hand before relinquishing his hold on me, letting me sit in my chair. As soon as I sat, he took my hand again under the table. I couldn’t think of another time that I’d been so publicly claimed. And after his private appropriation of my body minutes before, relaxing into a comfortable doubt-free place with Hudson seemed like a real possibility.

Not just a possibility but a reality.

“Laynie!” Mira seemed about to burst out of her chair. “I’m so glad you made it!”

The last time I’d seen her, she’d been worried I was done with her brother. My presence was a declaration otherwise.

“Me, too.” I smiled back at her and passed the same grin on to the others at the table, including Chandler’s head that was bent over his iPhone and the Werners. But I didn’t look Celia in the eye as I did. I could feel her trying to catch my gaze, but I wasn’t interested. She hadn’t told me about the dinner either and that made me suspicious. Perhaps wrongly so but suspicious all the same.

“Me, three,” Jack said, winking at me.

Maybe it was my imagination, but Hudson seemed to snarl at his father’s statement. His protectiveness of me was silly at times, yet it also warmed me.

Sophia finished off her glass and set it on the table with an attention getting thunk. “Well, we already ordered.”

“That’s fine. We’ll catch up.” Hudson signaled the waiter, who hastened over. He ordered for us both, in beautiful French that made me slick between my thighs. Or, rather, slicker.

“And while you’re here, I’ll have another of these.” Sophia held up her empty glass to the waiter, and I saw Mira and Hudson exchange a glance. I could relate all too well to what they were feeling—the dread of having an alcoholic parent, the questions and worries that occupied every moment. Would she drink too much tonight? Would she make a fool of herself? Of us?

Except in my life the she’s were replaced by he’s. It was my father who had been the alcoholic, the one who had caused me anxiety. Was that where I had first learned to worry? Maybe something I should talk to a therapist about sometime. Or, since I wasn’t seeing a therapist anymore, then maybe my counselor at the group I attended on a somewhat regular basis.

The thought was interrupted by Hudson leaning in to whisper in my ear. “I hope you don’t mind that I ordered for you.” The feel of his breath on my earlobe caused my hair to stand on end.

I didn’t. It saved me the trouble of having to decipher the menu. And listening to him speak in a foreign language….I sighed as the smooth lilt of his words lingered in my memory. “As long as my dish doesn’t have mushrooms, I’m happy.”

“No,” he chuckled, the sound sending an electric spark through my body. “I wouldn’t want you gagging at my mother’s birthday dinner.”

“Quite the opposite.” I leaned toward his ear now, so that only he could hear me. “The way you ordered, I’m salivating. I didn’t know you could speak French.”

“Fluently.”

My eyes widened. “Say something else?” We were flirting, something we didn’t do often in front of others, and it came so naturally that I let myself be carried where it took us.

“Oui. Plus tard, quand tu es enveloppé dans mes bras, je vais parler jusqu'à ce que tu es éclatement avec passion.”

His husky tone combined with the return of the accent drove me mad. “What did you say?” I was breathless.

He moved his arm around me, pulling me closer before speaking again. “I said, ‘Yes. Later, when you’re wrapped around me, I’ll speak it until you shudder with delight.’”

My face blazed with heat.

“You know there are other people at this table, Hudson,” Sophia chided.

I hoped those other people didn’t understand French better than I did. And that his translation had truly been quiet enough for only me to hear. But the darting eyes of Madge Werner across the table from me made me think Hudson had been heard.

Oh, well.

Mira rolled her eyes. “Mother, leave them alone.” Usually Mirabelle had endless patience for Sophia. Perhaps she was becoming more short-tempered as her pregnancy proceeded. “Can’t you see they’re in love?”

Hudson turned his head to smile at me. We were still so unused to the word—it felt odd hearing it being said about us. And it also felt apropos. Obvious, even. Like, duh. How could anyone not see it?

Sophia couldn’t. “Or they’re working awfully hard to make me believe that.” She smoothed her hair, which was so stiff that the movement did nothing.

Mira leaned back in her chair and rested her hands on her baby bump. “Why on earth would they want to fake a relationship?”

I kept my eyes on my plate, worried my expression would give something away. Why would Sophia jump to that conclusion? We had indeed tried to fake our relationship. I even had the feeling that Mirabelle suspected as much. But she also knew I loved her brother, and she’d never tell that to her mother. Mira was the type of person that hung everything on love. An any-obstacle-could-be-overcome-if-there-was-love type of person.

For the first time ever, I didn’t want to laugh at that idea.

Sophia took her refill from the waiter, not even bothering to let him set it down before indulging in a long sip. “Beats me. Why does Hudson like to do any of the shitty things he does to people? I long ago gave up trying to figure it out.”

Celia shifted uncomfortably in her seat, but her parents showed no reaction. Which confirmed that Hudson’s past was common knowledge to everyone at the table. No wonder he’d referred to the Werners as family. If they knew his dark secrets, then they practically were.

Then again, how could they not know his secrets? Their own daughter had been his victim, even though it wasn’t to the extent that they thought. He hadn’t knocked her up, anyway. Whatever he’d done to her head—well, we’d all had people that shaped us for better or worse. Blaming another person for our own actions was selfish. We had to be responsible for our own actions. I’d learned that the hard way.

Sophia was responsible for her bitchy comments now, no matter what hard-knock story formed her. Her cattiness was disgusting and unforgivable.

But Jack was the only one who seemed to think her behavior needed to be reined in. Or the only one to say something, at least. “Just because it’s your birthday doesn’t mean you have the right to ditch being polite.”

Mira snorted. “No, she believes that merely breathing gives her that right.”

All eyes turned to the perky brunette, her face growing bright red. Mira never said anything the least bit snarky. It was surprising.

Adam coughed at her side, whether signaling her to say something else or trying to alleviate the tension, I wasn’t sure.

She looked down, sheepishly. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”

“Thank you for the apology. You’re hormonal. I don’t know what Jack’s excuse is for speaking to me so rudely.” Sophia cast a sideways glare at her husband and I wondered if it ever crossed her mind to apologize as well. Instead, even.

No, it didn’t cross her mind at all. Her expression remained unaltered, not even a flicker of remorse passing over her face.

She peered around the table, as if challenging someone to call her on it. No one did.

“Chandler,” she said as her eyes grazed the top of his head. “Put down your damn phone and be present. I want to enjoy the evening with us together. All of us.”

But her glance skidded right past me. All of us clearly meant everyone except me.

Chitchat replaced the heavier conversation after that, the attention moving away from Hudson and myself. I enjoyed my salad while Hudson talked business with Warren, and Celia bantered with Mira and Sophia. Sophia even relaxed enough that I saw hints of the carefree fun person she must have been once upon a time. So long ago now that only the smallest remnant graced her current being, hidden from anyone that didn’t bother to look hard enough.

How I could see it…well, maybe I was looking. Searching for the person that Hudson wanted to please so much, the reasons that he still kept her in his life instead of separating from her once and for all the way I had from Brian.

Hell, that wasn’t necessarily a better option. Cutting Brian from my life hurt. It was a reality I’d been ignoring for the past several days, and I shoved away the impulse to think about it now. I was at a family get-together. Of course I’d think of him. It didn’t mean I had to dwell.

Things continued with an air of banality through most of our main course. The dish Hudson had ordered for me was delicious and like nothing I’d ever tasted. Minced lobster and fish dumplings covered with a dill cream sauce. It made me want to lick my plate clean.

Hudson had ordered some sort of duck crepes. He fed me a corner of the pastry that wasn’t drenched in the mushroom sauce that accompanied it, the poultry melting in my mouth as my lips slid along his fork. “Divine.”

He watched me greedily. “I could say the same thing.”

Madge had gotten the brunt of our romantic display that evening since she sat across from us. Now she cleared her throat.

I smiled with what I hoped was an apologetic grin, though I was anything but sorry. I was well aware that Madge believed that Hudson was merely slumming with me, that he’d eventually dump me for her darling Celia. I wanted her to see me with him, knew it irked her, but I wasn’t performing for her benefit. I was simply enjoying the evening with my lover. It was genuine.

Madge returned my smile with a sour one of her own. Then she turned in her seat toward Mirabelle on the other side of her.

Pretending I wasn’t there was one way to handle me, I supposed.

“Mira,” she exclaimed, peering over Celia who sat between her and Mirabelle. “Only four more months until the newest Pierce is introduced to the world. You must be so excited!”

Mira’s hands flew instinctively to her belly. “I am!” She frowned. “But when you say four more months, I want to puke a little.”

Sophia cleared her throat with disapproval. God, correcting a full-grown woman’s language was beyond ridiculous. I wanted to puke a little myself.

Mira was used to Sophia though. “Sorry, not great dinner conversation. I wish it were sooner, that’s all. I’m anxious to have her in the world instead of sitting on my bladder.”

“It will be here soon enough. Trust me.” Unlike his wife, Adam sounded happy that he still had months to prepare.

Warren shook his head, triggered by Adam speaking. He elbowed his wife. “That’s not right, Madge. Mira’s not a Pierce anymore. It will be baby Sitkin.”

Mira’s eyes went straight to her mother. “Or Sitkin-Pierce, if we decide to hyphenate.” The look on Mira’s face said this was a conversation she’d had before. Mirabelle had kept the name Pierce for business endeavors, but the hyphenating was new. I’d bet my entire bank account that it was an attempt to please Sophia.

But nothing pleased Sophia. “It’s not the same. Sitkin-Pierce is not Pierce.” She sighed dramatically. “So the bloodline continues, but not the name.”

It was funny how concerned the woman was with a name that she’d only earned through a loveless marriage. It showed how materialistic she was, how tied she was to appearances. It was the Pierce name that held weight in the world. Any deviation lost the power that the Pierce Industry carried. In her eyes, anyway.

Adam sat forward as if about to go to battle. “Mira’s not the only Pierce offspring. Chandler could have children.”

And Hudson, I thought to myself.

“Then it will be the name but not the bloodline,” Jack said nonchalantly.

My hand flew to my mouth, stifling a gasp. There were rumors that Chandler wasn’t Jack’s child, but I didn’t know it was something the Pierce family discussed openly.

“What?” Chandler looked up from his lap where he’d been trying to hide that he was texting or whatever it was he was doing on his phone.

“Nothing,” Mira called down the table. “Go back to whatever you were doing.”

So maybe it was common knowledge to everyone but Chandler.

Sophia took another swallow of her drink—her third of the evening. “Hudson and Celia’s baby could have been both.”

I tensed. Hudson and Celia’s fictitious baby caused a fair amount of contention in the family. It had happened years ago, yet the weight of it had been so heavy that it refused to disappear. Why Celia didn’t own up and explain the baby wasn’t Hudson’s was beyond me. It pissed me off that she let him continue to save her from humiliation no matter what it cost him. I couldn’t help but throw her a glare.

Celia missed my scowl as her own eyes darted toward Hudson. Or maybe Jack. They were sitting next to each other and it was difficult to tell, but Hudson made more sense.

Jack dropped his fork to his plate, the noise clattering loudly in the quiet restaurant. “Not this again, Sophia. Really? Goddammit, I won’t listen to this.” He wiped his mouth and threw his napkin over his half-eaten food. Then he stood. “Thank you everyone, I wish I could say it has been a lovely evening, but, well, I’ll leave it at that. I’ll take care of the bill on my way out. The rest of you stay and enjoy. Order dessert. As for my wife, I’m not going to invite her to rot in hell as I probably should because I think she already lives there. At least hell is where anyone who spends time with her feels like they’ve been sent.”

He deserved a standing ovation. But he simply got open-mouthed stares as he walked away from the table.

Sophia was the first to speak. “What a drama queen.” She took a bite of her chicken. “I was merely pointing out that we had a chance at a Pierce grandchild and now it’s gone.”

“Talk about drama queen…” Though his head was bowed, Adam said it loud enough that the whole table heard it.

Sophia glared at her son-in-law, but it was Hudson who drew the attention of the table. “I could have a child with Alayna.”

I nearly choked on the bite of food in my mouth. Sure, I’d been thinking that Hudson could have a kid, but it hadn’t for a moment crossed my mind he would have one with me.

Okay, maybe it had crossed my mind for a moment. But a small one. Certainly it wasn’t a thought I’d ever share out loud.

But when Hudson had said it, had said it out loud like that to everyone, a strange warmth spread through my chest. It wasn’t the low, deep burn of desire, but something different. Something related to the love that I felt for the man, mixed with a dash of hope.

I wanted to share that feeling with him, let him know what it did to me that he’d said it, and I tried to catch his eye. But he was focused on the plate in front of him, taking another bite of his crepes as if talking about having children—children with me—was every day and unremarkable.

Maybe he didn’t mean anything by it. I felt the bubble of warmth dissipate as I recognized the possibility that he merely meant it as a line to rile his mother up. In which case, it worked.

Sophia set down her fork and turned in her chair, ire blazing through the cool mask she usually wore. “Are you talking marriage and children already? It’s early for that Hudson. Incredibly early.”

“Oh, Mother, don’t be so old-fashioned. You don’t need to be married to have children.” Hudson took a swallow of his wine, continuing the nonchalant façade. But when he set down his glass again, I caught the twitch of his jaw, the only betrayal that inside he was boiling. “And what Alayna and I are discussing is frankly none of your business.”

Sophia’s eyes narrowed. “You brought it up.”

“I was stating that I could father a child and that would continue both your precious bloodline and your precious name.” His voice was oddly calm and strong all at once. I imagined it was the tone he took in the boardroom. It was powerful. Controlled. Sexy as hell.

Then he delivered his punch line. “And the only person I could ever imagine wanting to have a child with is Alayna.”

The impact wasn’t any less having heard him pronounce the possibility a moment before. It rang through the air as if every other sound had been muted, as if it were the lead violin in a string concerto. A lonely piercing sound that made people notice.

At once, all three Werners shifted in their seats, and even though Celia and Hudson were never a couple, were never meant to be together, the tension his statement created was as extreme as if the violinist’s bow had crossed against a too-taut string. It was so much. Too much.

“Hudson, I…” My voice trailed off. I had no idea what I planned to say. I just wanted the tension to end, to get rid of the general air of hatred I felt rushing at me from so many eyes.

He picked up on my cue. Placing a reassuring hand on my leg, he gave me an apologetic glance before turning back to Sophia. “The point is that you need to let the past go, Mother.” His tone was softer, but still held weight. “There is still a future to look forward to. For all of us.”

He turned back to me, our eyes locking, and then, instead of me telling him how it felt to hear him talk about a future with me, he told me. He told me with that long silent stare, his hand stroking up and down my thigh in a way that was more comforting than sexual. With that look, he said everything—how much he believed in us, how good we were. How much he loved me, even though he couldn’t yet say the words.

Then the tears that I’d managed to keep at bay earlier filled my eyes.

“If you’ll excuse me,” I said, breaking our stare. “I need to use the powder room.”

I made it to the bathroom and took a stall before the tears spilled. There weren’t many—a few, each of them happy and sweet and filled with promise. With love.

I heard the bathroom door swing open and shut a handful of times before I’d finished my brief cry. I peed and flushed, then, after washing my hands, made my way to the vanity to freshen up my face.

Fortunately, happy crying didn’t muss up my face as much as ugly crying. I continued to grin like an idiot as I leaned toward the mirror to dab at the small smudge of mascara under my left eye.

“You look perfect,” someone said behind me.

I glanced sideways, meeting Celia’s reflection in the mirror.

Immediately my smile disappeared.

“You just need a touch of gloss. I have some if you want to borrow.” She opened her tiny purse and pulled out a lipstick wand.

“No, I don’t want to borrow anything from you.” I pushed past her, headed for the exit.

But she grabbed me by the forearm. “Hey, wait!”

I pulled my arm away from her grasp but stopped my retreat. I might as well hear what she had to say, whatever grandiose excuse she had about keeping Sophia’s birthday dinner a secret from me.

Folding my arms in a dramatically bored stance, I nodded for her to speak.

Naturally poised Celia for once looked awkward, fidgeting from foot to foot.

“I’m not waiting all night. Speak.”

Her forehead creased in confusion. “Why are you angry with me? I could feel the tension all through dinner. You wouldn’t even look at me. Which is why I followed you in here. Why are you mad?”

“Don’t play dumb, Celia. It doesn’t suit you.”

“I’m not playing. Spell it out for me.” Her arms were at her sides, her body in a totally open position, as though she had nothing to hide. “Please.”

“Celia…” Was I being ridiculous? Again? Maybe I was letting myself be influenced by Stacy’s cryptic warning about the blonde beauty.

I sighed, deciding to put it out there. “I saw you today and you didn’t mention anything about this dinner tonight. And you know that I didn’t know because I told you that I had no plans to see Sophia and that I had a meeting tonight. All the while, you’re saying you’re rooting for me.” My voice was calm, straightforward, less accusatory than I felt. Maybe I was learning from Hudson.

Celia echoed my sigh. “You’re right, you’re right.” She looked at her shoes, mumbling. “I thought that might be it.” Her gaze met mine again. “I didn’t say anything, you’re right, and I should have. But you were happy and beaming and things were going good, and when I realized that Hudson hadn’t told you about the dinner, I didn’t want to stir things up between the two of you.”

“Or you wanted him for yourself tonight.”

“No! I told you, I’m not after Hudson.” She ran her hand across her forehead, delicately, as though not wanting to mess up her foundation but so used to the cautious movement she didn’t have to think about it. She was a thoroughbred through and through. So out of my league.

I dismissed the flash of envy and focused on her words.

“Look, Laynie, I’m on your side. I am. Can’t you see what would have happened if I’d brought it up? You would have cornered Hudson about it and then you’d have to tell him how you found out and that would mean you’d have to tell him about us chatting about him behind his back. And he brought you anyway! So it all worked out. Everything’s good!”

“Yeah, everything’s great.” I reacted before I’d truly digested her words. Once I did, I saw the truth in what she’d said. Honestly, if our roles had been reversed, I would have probably done the same.

I bit my lip. “God, I’m sorry. I just…I don’t know who to trust. It feels like so many people are against us.”

Her face eased, her worry replaced with a comforting smile. “That’s so not true. Sophia is against you. She’s the only one. And my parents, but they’re only trying to do what they think is best for me. It’s a silly parent thing. They don’t understand. Obviously.”

She meant they didn’t understand that she’d never been with Hudson. They didn’t realize that her baby had not been his. “Why won’t you tell them? It’s been years, you said so yourself. Why don’t you or Hudson admit the truth about the baby?” I’d been wondering about it since I found out. It would solve so many problems. “If you really cared about his happiness, you’d tell the truth and set him free.”

“It seems like that would be the right thing to do, doesn’t it?” Her eyes glazed over as she was thinking, remembering perhaps. When her focus returned, her expression was apologetic. “It’s…it’s complicated. I can’t say more than that. I’m sorry, I wish I could. But it involves more than just me. You have to trust me, this is best for everyone. Hudson included.”

It bothered me that there might be something about the situation that I didn’t know, that Hudson hadn’t chosen to share. But maybe Celia was simply making up excuses, not ready to let her parents know the truth. “Like I said, I don’t know what I trust.”

“Alayna—”

I cringed at her use of my name. No one called me Alayna but Hudson. It wasn’t hers to use. It was his.

The door swung open behind us and someone walked in. We were both quiet until the woman took an empty stall.

“This is a bad time. But you have my number. Call me if you need anything. To sort things out or just to talk.”

I hesitated. The evening had shown me many things, one of which was how easily keeping secrets could tear Hudson and me apart. I didn’t want to keep lying to him. Perhaps this was a good opportunity to end my friendship with Celia. Maybe even come clean about our lunch dates thus far.

Seeming to sense my reluctance to “kiss and make up,” Celia put her hand over mine. “I want things to work out for Hudson more than you can imagine. Believe me.”

Celia gave one more sparkling white smile before exiting the restroom.

I pulled my phone out from my bra and considered deleting her contact info. It was certainly the safest. But, on the other hand, she’d been helpful to me providing insight that I lacked. And she was important to Hudson. I didn’t want to cause problems by being a divide between them.

Funny. The old me would have done just that. The old me, the one before therapy—that me would have made Hudson choose. Her or me. Now, as nice as it sounded to be free of the Werners, I had no desire to force an ultimatum.

And besides being incredibly unrealistic and unhealthy, I was pretty sure Hudson would never go for it.





Chapter Thirteen





It was only seconds after Celia walked out and I had stowed my phone back in my bra when Mira stepped into the vanity from the stall area. Since no toilets had flushed recently and I hadn’t heard any running water, I realized she must have been standing around the corner for a while. Her face was more serious than I’d ever seen, and something about her expression made me feel unexplainably guilty.

“Hey,” I said, trying to shake the strange feeling.

She pierced me with her brown eyes. “You were talking to Celia.”

“Yeah.” I put my hand on the vanity counter for support even though I hadn’t done anything wrong. We were at a family get-together, eight of us in total. Should I really not be expected to talk to one of the other guests? To my boyfriend’s only friend?

“I don’t think you should do that anymore.” Mira’s voice was even and absent of any chiding.

“Why?”

She softened as she stepped toward me, her regular bubbly persona returning. “She’s your competition, Laynie! I mean, Hudson is totally into you and no one but you, but Celia is after him. She’s pictured herself married to him for so long, it’s a done deal in her head.”

“I know, I know.” A strange pang of pity washed over me. Maybe Celia really didn’t want Hudson, and everyone just kept saying that she did, accusing her of something that she’d long past outgrown. I knew how that felt. To be thought still crazy long after I’d gotten better.

Swallowing, I voiced the defense that surprised even me. “She says she doesn’t, though. Want him, I mean. She really seems like she might be over him. She’s been really supportive, actually.”

Mirabelle fluffed the back of her bobbed hair. “Okay. Maybe that’s true. I might be overreacting. But I’ve known her my whole life, and she hasn’t always been the best person.”

I could imagine what it looked like to Mira, when Hudson had left Celia heartbroken and devastated. To the young impressionable teenager that Mira must have been, it would be easy to blame Celia for the awfulness that had surrounded Hudson. Especially with her as devoted to her brother as she was.

But she was a grown-up now. She had to see the story was bigger than she’d once thought, even if she didn’t know the details. “Hudson hasn’t always been the best person either,” I reminded her.

Disappointment flashed across her eyes.

“I’m not saying that I’m not for Hudson. I don’t care what he’s done or who he’s been. Truly.” I would stand by him no matter what shit he’d gone through, just like he stood by me and all the shit I’d done. “It’s only that we’ve all been worse people.” Except probably Mira. “At least, a lot of us have been worse people,” I amended.

“I’m sure that’s true.” She stepped toward me, placing her hand lightly on my arm. “But, don’t feel like Celia’s your only resource, okay? If you need to talk, Laynie, call me. Or better yet, talk to Hudson.”

My head was throbbing with all the back and forth—accuse Celia, defend Celia, trust Celia, don’t trust Celia. Truth was, the only person I really needed to defend was Hudson. The only person I needed to trust was him.

Yes, he was the one I should turn to when I needed someone to talk to. He was the only one who mattered. The only one who knew how to calm me down. “I’ll talk to Hudson. Good idea.”

She grinned. “Sometimes I have them. Good ideas. Pregnancy brain and all.”

Suddenly, I felt like I’d been away from Hudson for entirely too long and I ached to see him. The ache dissipated the moment we came out of the bathroom, and I found Hudson waiting, his posture strong and one hundred percent male, his eyes blazing at the sight of me. It never failed to make me weak in the knees.

With a wave, Mira headed toward our table on the heels of Celia. She must have lingered after leaving the bathroom. I had to guess she talked to Hudson. Which was fine. Totally fine. Expected, even. It wasn’t her he was waiting for. It was me. Always.

Hudson took my hand when I approached him. “Are you ready to go?”

Despite not having finished my meal, leaving sounded heavenly. “I thought you’d never ask.”

“Then let’s get going.” He seemed distracted as he pulled me toward the front of the restaurant, but who wouldn’t be after the evening we’d had.

We’d nearly made it past the host’s desk when Sophia stepped in front of us. “Were you planning on sneaking out without a proper goodbye?”

I rolled my eyes. But Hudson, level and controlled as always, merely raised a brow. “Were you waiting here to attack me in case I was?”

Sophia frowned, her Botox’d forehead barely moving. “Of course not. I stepped away to call for my car. It’s impolite to do such things at the table.” Her tone was chiding. As if it had been Hudson wrapped into his phone all evening instead of her other son.

Hudson’s grip tightened on my hand. “I already said goodbye to you, Mother.”

“You did.” She nodded at me. “She didn’t. In fact, I don’t remember her saying hello.”

My stomach tightened and a thousand harsh responses crossed my mind in the matter of half a second. Taking my lead from Hudson, I chose to remain cool. “Neither did you.”

“No, I didn’t.” Her smile was tight, but her eyes brightened. Suddenly I understood that she enjoyed sparring with me. If I were smart, then I wouldn’t react. That would take away her reward.

But perhaps I liked the banter as well, the challenge similar to a good game of chess. “Actually, I thought that was very clever of you, Sophia. The evening went fairly well when we were pretending each other didn’t exist. Don’t you think?”

“Thank you. It was purely unplanned, seeing as how I didn’t know you were coming until an hour before when Hudson called to tell me.” Sophia was teasing me, trying to rile me up by letting me know I hadn’t been on the guest list. It would have been a brilliant play if I hadn’t already known.

I played it smooth. “Oh, you did call, H? I thought you were leaving it as a surprise.”

“Yes, I called while you were dressing. I decided that Sophia might be better behaved if she was prepared.” Hudson fell right into my game. Though he preferred to keep me sheltered from his mother’s antics, he was generally amused by the way I handled her.

Her back straightened, a direct contradiction to the way she must have felt, her move having been countered so effortlessly. “Yes, it did work out well. I’ll remember the ignoring tactic for next time.”

My turn. “Then you’ve finally accepted there will be a next time?” Check.

Her smile widened as if I’d walked into a trap. “I’m nothing if not realistic, Alayna Withers. The question remains how many next times there will be. I’m in Hudson’s life permanently. Are you?”

My composure faltered, my shoulders tensing, my body preparing for a fight.

Hudson stepped in. “Mother, stop it. It’s your birthday. Happy day to you. If you’re miserable, it’s only because you won’t let yourself enjoy anything.” He let go of me and hugged Sophia awkwardly, giving her a dry peck on the cheek.

For the millionth time, I wondered at the relationship between mother and son. It had taken far less for me to cut off my brother. Of course, that had only been four days before. I couldn’t speak for what would happen next between us. And I could only guess at Hudson and Sophia’s past. The details were hidden from me, much like most everything in Hudson’s life.

Time, I reminded myself. I’d learn about him in time.

Hudson broke the embrace, his hands pushing gently on Sophia’s shoulders.

“You smell like sex,” she said when he stepped away.

I couldn’t help but take that as a compliment.

“I’m surprised you recognize the smell.” Without moving his eyes from his mother, Hudson reached for my hand again.

I slipped my palm against his and absorbed the electric spark that always shot through my body at his touch.

Sophia’s gaze drifted to our connected limbs and back to her son’s face. “I’m not a prude.”

Hudson shook his head once, bored with the conversation. “No, no one’s accusing you of that. I’m simply shocked you could smell anything over the aroma of bourbon.” And checkmate.

“Go home, Hudson. “

“Gladly.”

We rode the elevator in silence and the limo as well. There was too much to think about—Jack and Sophia, Celia then Mira. So many aspects of the evening to dwell on, reasons to be confused and muddled. The one thing I wasn’t confused about was Hudson. Not anymore. Not since the roof when he’d done some sort of magic sex trick that alleviated all my fears about him. He’d fucked away my doubts, said the right words, and for the first time in, well, ever, I thought that maybe I could be a normal girl in a normal relationship with a normal guy.

Okay, I’d never be a normal girl and Hudson would never be a normal guy, but perhaps we’d found the closest thing to normal that we’d ever be capable of achieving. And it was pretty damn good.

As I absentmindedly watched the buildings passing through the limo window, it didn’t even cross my mind to wonder if we were going to The Bowery or if I was being taken home. Hudson hadn’t given any instruction to our driver. I simply took it for granted that I’d spend the night with my lover. Hudson must have taken it for granted too, because Jordan pulled up to the curb in front of his high-rise without a word to me.

It was when we were in the penthouse and the quiet between us persisted that I realized it wasn’t only me lost in my head. Hudson had disappeared inside his head too. It wasn’t unusual for him to be quiet and within himself—that was the man I’d first met and been drawn to. But even when I’d seen him consumed with his work, he always had a sliver of his attention pinned to me. Though subtle, it was unmistakable.

Tonight was different. We exited the elevator and without a word, Hudson immediately headed to the library. I trailed after him, unsure. Though he hadn’t been home since the arrival of the books, he didn’t even give them a glance. He beelined to his desk, threw his jacket across the back of his chair and sat down.

Without looking at me, he said, “I have some work to do. It will likely be a late night. I don’t expect you to wait up.”

“Oh. All right.” There was more shock to my tone than hurt. We’d never been alone and not all over each other. It was…strange.

For several seconds, I stood frozen, not knowing what I should do. Then common sense kicked in. “Do you need anything? A nightcap, perhaps?”

He sifted through some papers on his desk, furrowing his brow at one of them. “I may make myself a Scotch later.” Then he turned to his computer and was gone from me.

I could make him a Scotch. I wanted to, actually, because then I’d feel needed, wanted. Like I had a purpose in being there.

But Hudson’s tone was definitive. He didn’t want me to serve him, for whatever reason, and even if I ignored him and got him his drink, I knew already that he wouldn’t acknowledge it. Probably wouldn’t even notice.

I made him the drink anyway, leaving it on the corner of his desk. He saw me, I knew he did. But like I suspected, he didn’t respond.

He’d gone somewhere, somewhere far away. Somewhere he was unwilling to take me.

I slipped away to the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed, still unmade from the night before. Hudson Pierce, obscenely rich and powerful, and he didn’t even have someone who came in to make his bed daily.

Trivial thought, but it was what crossed my mind first.

Then the questions swept in, the constant examination that my mind never seemed to tire of. What had triggered this distant mood of Hudson’s? Had it been the last conversation with his mother? The night in general?

Maybe he simply had work to do. He’d expected me to be at The Sky Launch all night. He hadn’t planned to entertain me. And I shouldn’t have expected that he should. We’d found each other, but that didn’t mean the rest of our lives stopped. We still had things to do, responsibilities. Especially a man such as him.

I was sure it wasn’t me, it wasn’t us. He’d claimed me, the last time only two short hours before. I was his. His mood wasn’t because of me.

As further proof, if I needed it, he’d brought me to his place when he could have easily taken me to my own. He wanted me there, even if he couldn’t let himself be with me entirely. I knew that. Knew.

I took a deep breath, letting my tense muscles relax as I exhaled.

Then I let go.

Let go of all of it—the thoughts, the worries, the doubts. I wasn’t doing psycho. Not anymore. No more obsessing. No more examining. Just let go.

Clarity settled in. People got moody. I was still practically a stranger to Hudson’s life, relationships were new to both of us—I couldn’t expect either of us to be perfect at communicating with each other. We had to learn, and that took time.

We had time.

I stared at the empty doorway, considering what to do with myself. Watch TV? Or read a book? There were plenty to choose from. I could join Hudson in the library, work on unpacking the books.

But my gut said he needed his space. Though he’d ignored me when I asked him to leave me alone on the roof, that tactic wouldn’t work in reverse. Hudson didn’t like to be handled like I did. I loved to be handled by him. Adored it. Craved it.

Hudson, though—his walls weren’t as easy to overcome. They were mountains. I had to scale them cautiously with stealth and firm handholds. Sometimes I had to chill on a ledge and wait until the weather was better before I began my upward climb again. And sometimes, I’d reach the top of one, and he’d be there, waiting and exposed, and together we’d enjoy the breathtaking view.

Right now I was at a ledge. Chilling.

I laughed to myself. Whoever thought I’d be able to chill about a man? Yet, here I was, not acting crazy, no matter where my head wanted to go.

I stood and looked at myself in the dresser mirror. Did I look different? Paul had said I did. Did my eyes shine brighter? Were the ever-present dark circles under my eyes lighter than usual? Was this what it looked like to be mentally healthy? Because, even if my reflection showed nothing had changed, this me was completely new and amazing.

So even though Hudson’s current temperament was baffling and mysterious, I felt good. Strong.

And I’d move in. If he was going to have bouts of isolation, I’d rather still be near him physically, even if I was apart from him emotionally. Besides, that night had proven we could weather stress, and we always seemed to weather it best together.

It was after ten, but I decided to run. I changed and slipped into the penthouse gym, spending forty minutes on the treadmill, followed by a quick shower. Then, after debating over a nightie or a t-shirt or simply my panties, I settled on staying nude and climbed in bed alone. I meant it to be a message to Hudson: I’m naked for you. Bare for you. No more walls, no more guarded emotions.

When he joined me later, he’d see. He’d get what I wasn’t able to speak to him at the moment, an echo of the words that he had repeated to me over and over earlier. I’m with you. I’m with you.

I awoke sometime later in the dark room, lying on my side, with Hudson’s arm around me, his hand fondling my breast. Silently, he kissed along my shoulder and up my neck.

I sighed into him, even half-asleep my body was instantly attuned to him, ready, wanting. Slipping my hand between my thighs, I rubbed at my clit, and he thrust into me with ease. It was only moments before we’d found our rhythm, our heavy breathing the lone sound as we moved together toward the same goal.

As my climax approached, my fingers yearned to be wandering up and down the landscape of Hudson’s chest. Reaching behind to grab his ass wasn’t enough. My hands felt empty and a vague thought drifted through my mind that our position mirrored the current state of our relationship. Both of us looking forward, working together toward a singular outcome, but with Hudson still not completely within my reach. My hands reaching for something I couldn’t quite grasp.

We finished near together, and we laid there for several movements without moving or speaking. When our breathing had calmed to normal, I broke the silence. “Where did you go? Earlier.”

He nuzzled his nose into my hair. “Does it matter? I’m here now.”

I’d told Mira I’d talk to Hudson. But what was I supposed to do when he closed himself off? Even now, in the midst of intimacy, he left part of himself closed.

And maybe that was for the best. Because the parts of him that he opened were bright and blinding, like a beacon in the darkness. So I let my questions roll away, evaporating into nothing as he turned me toward him, lining me up underneath his form. Maybe conversation wasn’t needed now. We would speak as we spoke best, with physical touch, our bodies rocking in simultaneous waves. Together.

“Mon amour. Mon précieux,” he said against my ear. “Mon chéri. Mon bien-aimé.”

He was speaking French. He said he would later, with my legs wrapped around him. So I threw my lower limbs around his hips, tilting into him.

Though the words were unnecessary, he muttered them over and over as we made love again. Between the kisses he placed on my neck and on my mouth, as he rolled in and out of me in rhythm with the beautiful poetry on his tongue. “Je suis avec vous. Always. I’m with you, mon précieux.”





Chapter Fourteen





The sun was still low and streaming through a gap in the curtains when Hudson released a hand from my breast to look at his watch. “I know it’s Saturday,” he said, kissing along my shoulder, “and it’s early, but I have some business I have to take care of before it gets any later. Then I’ll ravage you nonstop the rest of the weekend.”

“All right. If you must.” I was still recovering from two good-morning orgasms, barely able to form sentences, let alone do anything that required thought. But I did have an important task to attend to myself. One that I’d been avoiding. “I have a few things to do as well so it works out. Lucky for you.”

“Lucky for me, indeed.”

Hudson hit the shower first, while I got in a run on the treadmill. When I’d finished my workout, Hudson had withdrawn into the library. I took a shower of my own then sat on the edge of the bed, towel wrapped around me, phone in hand and contemplating the call I needed to make. It took four attempts of hitting Dial quickly followed by End Call before I got brave enough to let the call go through. Then I heard the ring on the other end of the line, and, knowing my number would be recognized, I couldn’t hang up. He probably wouldn’t answer anyway, so why was I being such a chicken shit?

It seemed like forever but finally my brother answered. “Oh my god, Laynie, are you okay?”

His concern irritated me. Either it wasn’t genuine or it was too little too late. “Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be?” I hadn’t been answering his calls, but that shouldn’t have been cause for alarm.

“Because you haven’t been at the club all week.”

“What are you talking about? I’ve been there every day.”

He sounded exasperated. “I called and asked for you every night this week and you were never there. At first I thought you’d told the staff you weren’t taking my calls but then I gave a different name and called from a different phone.”

“Jesus, Brian, I didn’t realize that stalking was genetic.”

“Ha ha.” His tone was not amused. He’d never liked it when I joked about my disorder. Which was exactly why I did it.

“I wasn’t at the club because I’m not working at night anymore, you moron.” As if it was any of his business. Yet, something in me couldn’t help but tell him. To brag, to seek for approval. “I got a promotion. I’m working marketing and promotional planning. Day hours. Just like you wanted.”

“Oh. Wow. Congratulations, Laynie. I’m proud of you.”

For half a second I felt warm and fuzzy. Then I remembered what a shit he’d been to me, how he’d cut me off financially, how he’d feared for my relationship with Hudson because of my obsessive history. Yeah, warm and fuzzy wasn’t there to stay. “Whatever, Brian. I don’t want to hear it.”

“I mean it.”

“Only because you’re happy that I’m now following the plan you’d laid out for me.” Brian had thought that night shifts and the club environment were not appropriate for someone with my condition, despite the fact that working at the club was what had helped me chill out in the first place. If he’d had his way, I’d be doing marketing for a Fortune 500 company during daylight hours, making a shit ton of money doing respectable work. But had I gone that route, I’d have been so bored and stifled I was sure I’d have shot myself within the first week of employment.

“That’s not true.” He almost sounded remorseful.

I almost felt bad.

“Wait, did you get this promotion because of Hudson Pierce?”

So much for feeling bad. “No. I did not. And fuck you very much for asking.”

“What do you expect me to assume, Laynie? You want me to change my entire experience with you because you say things are different?”

“I don’t know what I expect, Brian.” As much as I wanted to, I couldn’t really blame him for being spiteful. I’d been a burden, and, to his credit, he’d been there when I needed him most. Financially, if not emotionally. Truthfully, he was probably as broken as I was.

But understanding him didn’t make it better. It simply meant I couldn’t hate him.

I lay back on the bed and rubbed my hand over my eyes. “What was so important that you needed to reach me, anyway?” He’d said he was done with me. I figured that would have ended all communication.

He cleared his throat. “The lease on the apartment expires this month.”

Of course. Tying up loose ends. “That’s actually why I was calling you. I’m moving out. So whatever you need to do to end the lease, go ahead and do it.”

“Where are you going to live?”

If I told him I was moving in with Hudson, he’d freak with a capital F. “That’s none of your business.” Besides, why did he even care?

“Fine, be a bitch. I’m sure you think I deserve it.”

I ignored his blatant try to guilt me. “What do you want me to do with the keys?”

“You can give them to me personally when I come there. When are you planning to be out?”

“In the next week or so.” Knowing Hudson, he’d have me completely moved out within a day of telling him. It would be an easy move anyway. The furniture belonged with the apartment.

But I didn’t want to see Brian. There was no reason that I needed to. “Why do you need to come here?”

“To make sure the place is in good shape before I turn it over. I want to get my deposit back.”

I sat back up. “You were there Monday, Brian. You saw what shape it was in. I didn’t destroy the apartment after you left, if that’s what you’re suggesting. Do you think I’d do that just because I’m pissed at you?”

“I don’t know what you would do.” Brian’s voice was raised. “I’m not surprised by anything anymore where you’re concerned.”

“This conversation is pointless. Text me when you’re in town and I’ll get you your fucking keys. Other than that, we’re done.” I clicked End Call and threw my phone on the bed.

What had happened to drive us so far apart? I would have thought that the tragic loss of our parents would make us more devoted to each other, more committed. We certainly loved each other. There was no question about that. But loving a person didn’t necessarily make you right for them—didn’t make them a good person to be in your world. That was definitely a common theme in therapy.

I ignored what that might mean about Hudson and me. That wasn’t territory I was willing to broach. Besides, he’d been my salvation in ways that had nothing to do with money and everything to do with real support.

It was Brian who needed to be out of my life. It pained me to think about it in depth, so I didn’t. So what if Brian was my only living relative? It didn’t matter. I wouldn’t let it.

I sat up, about to get dressed, when my phone bleeped that I had an email. I rarely received emails, but since my work email hadn’t been set up yet, I’d had to resort to using my personal account when I sent my official proposal to Julia. Picking up my phone, I tried not to get my hopes up. I pressed the email icon and held my breath as I read. By the time I got through the first paragraph, I was nearly dancing. The email was from Party Planners Plus. And it was good news.

Hurriedly, I dressed into a pair of shorts and black and white sleeveless top, skipping the underwear entirely, then headed to the kitchen to grab something to eat before I ran to tell Hudson my good news. On the counter I found half a bagel and a banana waiting for me next to a mug of coffee. I smiled at Hudson’s never-ending attentiveness. Yeah, moving in was a good decision.

Now I just had to tell him.

But, first, I’d share my news.

After eating three quick bites of the bagel, I peeled the banana, grabbed the coffee and headed for the library.

Hudson was on the phone when I entered the room, his back to me as he faced out over the city. His tone was direct and in charge as he spoke in a combination of English and Japanese. Wow—Hudson knew Japanese, too? He would never fail to surprise me and I loved that.

Not wanting to disturb him, I walked in quietly and perched on the edge of his desk behind him. I must not have been quiet enough, because he spun to look at me, not once halting his conversation. Wearing jeans and a tight blue polo that accentuated his firm abs, he looked hot—fuck, he was always hot, but his casual look was one I still wasn’t used to. It made me squirmy and aware. Especially as I listened to him conducting his business. He always said my brain turned him on. I wondered if he had any idea that his turned me on as well.

He was equally enraptured by me, his eyes never leaving me as he continued his call. Perhaps the way I ate my banana was a bit sultry. I couldn’t help myself. Could I ever when Hudson was in the room?

When he’d finished his call, he set the receiver in the cradle on the desk and swept his glance down my body, as he often did, like he was already fucking me in his head.

His gaze roused me instantly. My body was humming with electricity, my legs swinging with restless energy. “Am I interrupting?”

“Not at all. I’m done for the day.” He hissed as I moved my lips slowly over my final bite of banana. “Done with work.”

“Sounds like your phone call was a lot more productive than mine was then.” I sucked at the tip of my thumb, pretending to clean off banana remnants when there weren’t any there.

When I began to move on to my index finger, Hudson grabbed it and sucked it instead. “It’s amazing I could even concentrate with your gorgeous mouth wrapped around your fruit. But that was your intention.”

I gave a one-shoulder shrug. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

His mouth lifted up into a smile. “Such a wicked, wicked tease.” He sat in his desk chair and rolled to face me square on. “Who was your conversation with?”

“My brother. It was painful.”

“Want to talk about it?” His hands slid along my calves, sending electric sparks through my body.

“Nope.” Not yet anyway. “I’m not letting him ruin my day and this day is fabulous. You know why?”

“Because I’m about to pounce on you?”

“That too.” God, that too. My heart quickened with the anticipation. “But also because the event planners I met with agreed to make a deal.”

“Of course they did. You’re brilliant, remember?” His hands slid past my knees to my bare thighs, his fingers dancing lightly over my skin. “This is with Party Planners Plus?”

I tensed unwittingly. “Wow. Good memory.” I’d hoped he would forget the details. The fact that he paid attention made it harder to believe he wouldn’t discover Paul Kresh’s involvement.

“Only where you’re concerned.”

That’s what I’m afraid of. But I smiled, letting him believe I enjoyed his attention, which I did in general. Just not where Party Planners was concerned.

“Congratulations. I can’t wait to see what you do with them.” He leaned forward to place a kiss on the top of my thigh, so close and so far away from places that wanted his mouth more thoroughly.

“Me neither.” My breath caught as he kissed me again, this time on my inner thigh. “It’s a start. I’m excited about it.” I wasn’t certain I was talking about business anymore.

Hudson took my hand and tugged me forward to straddle him in his chair. “Then we both have good news today.”

“Tell me yours.” My hands wandered over his shirt, enjoying the feel of the firm landscape underneath.

His eyes closed in a long blink, and I knew he was enjoying my touch as well. Mirroring my movement, his palms fondled my braless breasts through my top. “I was on the phone with a contact in Japan. I’ve asked him to arrange for me to make a trip there in the next few days.”

My hands stilled. “What? Why?” Japan was so far away. The thought of him going there for even a short time made my chest ache.

“To make a bid for Plexis.”

“Really? Oh, Hudson, that’s so great!”

“I approached that gentleman you heard talking. His name is Mitch Larson.” Hudson continued to knead my breasts as he spoke, my body arching into his touch. “Turns out he doesn’t have any selling power in his company, but he arranged for me to bid directly to his boss in Japan. I wouldn’t have gotten the meeting if I hadn’t gone through Mitch.” I moaned as he pinched my nipples to two proud peaks. “And I wouldn’t have known to approach Mitch if it weren’t for you.”

I squirmed, trying to get pressure where I needed it, low in my crotch. “I wouldn’t have even been at that party if it weren’t for you.”

“You could easily have tuned the conversation out. Or not bothered to tell me. You did. For which I’m grateful.”

His hands, still on my breasts, felt too far away. I needed them on my bare skin, ached for him to touch me without a barrier. Soon. He’d have to take me soon.

I bent to whisper in his ear. “How grateful are you?”

“I think you know.” He bucked up and I could feel his erection—finally—meeting me at my core.

His mouth lifted to meet mine, but he took his time, brushing my lips with his nose, licking along the curve of my chin. His teeth nipped at my bottom lip and I couldn’t take it anymore. Putting my hands on each side of his face, I held him steady as I crushed my lips to his. My tongue stayed shallow, teasing along his lower teeth until he plunged his tongue into my mouth. Then I claimed his mouth fully, sucking his tongue like it was his cock, reveling in the moan at the back of his throat as I did.

His hands stroked up and down my back but still hadn’t gone under my shirt. I pulled on the bottom, hinting what I wanted, what I needed.

Instead of following my lead, he placed his hands gently on my shoulders and pushed me back. We were both breathless, and I, more than a bit confused, and so utterly aroused I couldn’t sit still.

“Alayna, there’s something I need to say.” Hudson moved his hands to my hips to stop my fidgeting. “About yesterday. About moving in.”

Fuck, was he taking it back? In the middle of a really hot make-out session? “Yes?”

“I don’t want you here…”

He paused, and I got nervous that he’d reached the end of his statement.

But then he continued. “…so I can control you. I want you here because I can’t bear it when you’re not. I want you here because I want you with me—always.”

It was perfect, absolutely perfect.

I let out a shaky breath. “Okay.”

His body relaxed, his shoulders lowering. “Good. I needed you to understand.”

“No, not okay, I understand. Well,” I conceded, “that too. But I meant okay, I’ll move in with you.”

Hudson’s brow arched in astonishment. “You will?”

Warmth spread through my body. “Why are you so surprised? I’d think you’d be used to getting your way. I bet you get everything you want.”

“Most everything. But I often have to fight first. And I was prepared to fight for this. For you. It was much easier than I’d planned.”

“Probably because I’d already decided to say yes. But even if I hadn’t, you would have won me over with that.” I placed my hands on the sides of his face. “Hudson, I want to be with you always, too. And who the hell cares if people say it’s insane or too soon because I’m already crazy and I’m already madly in love with you.”

“Alayna.” His voice was gruff and heavy, as if the utterance of my name carried much more weight than it should have. Like it held so many meanings that Hudson wasn’t able to express. With that one word, I was elevated to a state of emotion that I hadn’t felt before, one that was deep and rooted and at the same time high and euphoric. It was falling in love all over again with someone I already loved to the bone.

He moved quickly, pulling my shirt off me in one swift motion, then lifting us up from the chair enough to work free his cock. I wrapped my hands around his hard length, stroking him with a mad sort of desperation while he kissed me senseless. His face still focused on me, he attacked my shorts with his hands, clawing at them as if he could tear them away. After a few frenzied minutes, he reached in the top drawer of the desk behind me and fumbled around blindly until he found what he was searching for—a pair of scissors.

Then he cut off my shorts.

I’d never imagined it would be so outrageously sexy to have my clothes cut off of me, or that anyone would actually do it. It was one thing when he’d ripped off flimsy thongs, but taking scissors, cutting so near my skin—I was wetter and hotter than I’d ever been, driven by his rabid need to have me naked and bared for him.

Once he’d tossed aside the torn material, he shifted his hands under my ass and lifted me on top of him. I was so wet; I slid down on him easily, sheathing him entirely.

“Oh, god, Hudson!” I could feel him so completely at that angle, his throbbing cock hitting against the wall of my vagina, making me writhe on top of him. I sat forward on my knees so that I could push off of him again, lifting and lowering at a frenetic speed that was more reminiscent of the way Hudson rode me, not the way I rode him.

My orgasm came without warning, ripping through me out of nowhere, slowing my pace. I fought to keep the momentum as the waves overtook me, shaking me and shattering me until I gave up with a long cry of pleasure.

I was barely aware of the chair rolling until the desk pressed into my back and Hudson took over the driving. He thrust into me with skill and precision, my legs wrapping around his waist as he shifted our position, the seat behind him serving as a place for him to fall rather than actual support.

When my vision cleared, I noticed the windows behind me. Though we were on the penthouse level of the building and it was highly unlikely that anyone was looking in, it was still possible and the realization added a profound level of eroticism. The delicious tension had just begun building again, intensifying exponentially when Hudson spilled inside me with a deep primal groan.

He gave himself no time to recover before he laid me across the desk. Pushing aside the chair, he knelt between my thighs, propping my ankles on the edge of the desk. I was naked and spread wide in front of the windows, in front of my lover—I was near my second climax before Hudson’s tongue ever touched me.

He didn’t tease or go slow like he often did when he ate me out, but sucked and licked at my clit with urgent strokes of his tongue. I came instantly and still he continued. It was too much—too intense for my heightened senses and my hips bucked away.

“Once more,” Hudson said before renewing his attack.

“No!” I writhed but his hands held firm to my ankles. “I can’t take it.”

“Once more.” He was insistent, not to be swayed, but he did redirect his approach, moving away from the singing ball of nerves and plunging his tongue into my hole instead.

My hands flew to his head, clutching fistfuls of hair as he worked me toward yet another high, his tongue licking up my slit back to my clit then down to plunge in again at my core.

Somewhere in the part of my brain that could still formulate thought, I knew what he was doing—he was thanking me, showing me how happy I’d made him by deciding to live with him. His own climax had come quickly, but he could get hard again. I knew this from experience. He probably already was hard again as it turned him on to no end to go down on me. Yet, instead of burying himself inside me, he was giving me all the pleasure. It was a message, and I got it loud and clear.

His endeavor slowed, but his ardor remained. The next orgasm came more reluctantly and he pulled it out of me with sweet, drawn-out dedication until I went over the edge, shivering as the warmth spread outward to my limbs, curling my toes.

Hudson stayed between my legs until I’d calmed, licking me and lavishing me with soft praise while my heart rate returned to normal.

Then he stood and carried me to the couch, laying me down.

He gazed at me, his eyes still half-closed with desire as he stripped naked. I was right—he was hard again, hard and throbbing. He lay beside me, wrapping his arms around me. Smoothing my hair with sensuous strokes, he spoke low at my ear. “I know it’s scary and our situation hasn’t been ideal, but you are everything good for me. Nothing in this world is important to me beyond you. I can be the same for you. I know it. And I’m so grateful you’ve given me the chance to prove it.”

I shifted to face him. “You have nothing to prove. You’re already everything good for me, too.”

“Shh.” He kissed my forehead. “Not yet. I haven’t been able to give you everything you need yet.”

My mind scrambled to figure out what he possibly thought I needed that he hadn’t given me. The three words. That was the only thing I could settle on. But I knew them even if he didn’t say them. I knew them with every fiber of my being.

“It’s okay, Hudson. It’s—”

He cut me off. “It’s not. But I need you to know that I’m trying and I’m not going to stop trying until I get there. Do you hear me? Don’t give up on me.” He was vehement, his expression frantic.

“I’m not giving up on you.” I reached my palm up to caress his face and he leaned into my touch. “Why would I do that? I love you, Hudson. So much.”

His eyes closed tight, almost as if my statement were painful to him. “I don’t deserve your love. I don’t think I ever will.”

“You deserve more than I can ever give you.”

“We have a difference of opinion on that. We’ll have to agree to disagree. Again.” He pushed at my shoulder. “Turn,” he ordered.

I shifted to face the back of the couch and immediately felt Hudson’s thick erection pressing behind me. Lifting my leg up and back around him, he slid into me again. “This time,” he whispered between kisses at my neck, “we’re going to take it slow.”





Chapter Fifteen





As I imagined would be the case, Hudson was eager for my moving in to commence immediately. Correction—immediately after another round of lovemaking. Bursting with an excitement I’d never seen from him before, he made arrangements with “his people,” and by the end of Saturday, the relatively few things I owned had been boxed and brought over to The Bowery. It happened so fast that the anxiety of it didn’t even have time to overwhelm me, and whenever I felt it creeping up, I simply promised to deal with it at my Addicts Anonymous session on Monday.

It was easy to unpack. Almost all my belongings fit in the extra closet in the bedroom—our bedroom. Only one item, a hope chest that had belonged to my mother, found its way to the extra room. I was completely settled by Sunday evening, and the sore muscles I boasted were not from carrying boxes but from other physical activity.

Monday came too soon, yet wasn’t dreadful since I adored our wake-up routine. Our cell alarms going off in tandem, a quickie in the shower, getting ready side by side at the twin sinks, sharing a fast bite at the kitchen table—all of it rocked. The still thrilling newness of it combined with the security of knowing the situation wasn’t temporary sent me to the club with a spring in my step, a rarity for me since I had never been anything near a morning person.

Since I was in such a good mood, I began my workday by tackling what felt like the most daunting of my tasks: rescheduling with Aaron Trent. I had suspected that the only reason he’d agreed to meet with me in the first place was because of Hudson. When he’d canceled on Friday night, my suspicions were confirmed. All it would take was one call from my boyfriend and I knew the meeting would be back on. But I wanted to do it myself.

Since I didn’t have a direct phone number to Trent’s office, and I didn’t want to ask Hudson, I had to use the agency number listed on his website. It took two transfers before I reached Trent’s assistant. “I need to make an appointment with Aaron Trent. Is that something you can help me with?”

The voice on the other end was bubbly and professional. “I can take your information, but I’ll have to check with him before any meeting time is approved.”

“That makes sense.” I ran my hand over my face. Why on earth did I ever think I’d be able to get to talk to the man myself? Despite the futility of it, I delivered my information. “This is Alayna Withers from The Sky—”

“Ms. Withers,” Bubbly Professional cut me off. “I didn’t realize it was you. Mr. Trent said if you called that we could go ahead and reschedule for whenever would be most convenient for you.”

“Oh. Okay.” So maybe he hadn’t been planning to bail on me after all. I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I was fooled that his eagerness to meet had anything to do with me and nothing to do with whom I was sleeping with, but I also knew if I had him in front of me, I could impress the balls off the guy.

We made arrangements for an evening later in the week, but before I hung up, I asked the question itching on my tongue. “Hey, do you have any idea why Mr. Trent canceled to begin with? I know it’s none of my business. Just curious.”

Bubbly Professional seemed surprised. “Mr. Trent didn’t cancel. Some woman from your club called Friday afternoon and said something had come up. I’d assumed it was you.”

That was impossible. No one even knew I had the meeting that night except for David and Hudson. And last I checked, neither of them were women. “It wasn’t me. Are you sure?”

“Yep. I took the call myself.”

Either someone had canceled my meeting on Friday without my permission or I was seriously being pranked. Whichever it was, Bubbly Professional didn’t need to hang on the line while I figured it out. “My mistake. Thank you and please apologize to Mr. Trent for any inconvenience it may have caused him.”

“Honestly,” her voice lowered as if she were sharing a secret, “this worked out better for him. He would have had to miss out on a daddy daughter dance if you’d kept the Friday appointment, and Rachel’s the type of girl that doesn’t take disappointment well. So you kind of did him a favor by canceling.”

Ah, so it was probably Rachel Trent who canceled. I’d never been close to my father, but I could appreciate her wanting to be with her dad. I’d definitely done things equally as manipulative as a teen.

I thanked Bubbly Professional for the information, hung up the phone, and moved on to the other items on my day’s agenda.

It was nearly three when the bell rang at the service entrance. I checked the camera feed since we weren’t expecting any deliveries. It was Liesl.

“Be right there,” I told her through the intercom then ran down to let her in.

I opened the door and opened my arms for Liesl to give me a bear hug. She was one of the only people I allowed to touch me so intimately and only on my terms.

“What are you doing here so early?” I asked into her hair. “Do you work tonight?”

“Nope. Off tonight.” She let me go to give me a high five. “We could hang out later, if you want.”

“I do want. I have group at five-thirty. Maybe after that?”

“Groovy. I just had coffee with some friends next door. They want me to go to a concert with them so I came by to check out next week’s schedule. Is it up yet?”

“Yeah, I think I saw it. Come on up.”

We climbed the back stairs to the office. I found the schedule on David’s mess of a desk and turned around to hand it to her and jumped when I saw a figure in the doorway. Another half second and I realized it was Hudson. I’d almost forgotten he had his own set of keys.

“Hi! What are you doing here?” It was a nice surprise to see him unannounced in the middle of the day, though also odd.

His expression was even. “You need to come with me.”

“Why? What’s up?” I took a step toward him before I recognized the tension in his body, the firm set of his jaw, the light missing from his eyes. “Hey, are you mad at me?” He’d never truly been upset with me before. Not like this, where the anger rolled off him in waves so thick it was almost palpable.

“Get your things and come.” He spit out the words, as if it was difficult to speak civilly.

“That bossy thing is so hot.” Liesl didn’t even bother whispering.

Admittedly there were times I thought the bossy thing was definitely so hot. This was not one of them. His tone and body language scared me. I didn’t believe he’d ever hurt me—not physically, and not on purpose—but his agitated state suggested he didn’t have control of himself.

I crossed my hands over my chest defiantly. “Hudson, I’m not leaving just because you say so. I need more information.”

“Alayna, I’m not doing this here.” He was shaking. I’d never seen him so upset. “You will get your things and come. Now.” It wasn’t a suggestion. It wasn’t an invitation. It wasn’t even an order. It was fact. It was what I would do, as expected as my next breath.

He had to know.

The certainty rushed through me at lightning speed, leaving me dizzy and weak.

I couldn’t say how or which of my secrets he’d discovered, but there was no doubt in my mind that he had found something out, and I understood with irrefutable conviction that if I had any real interest in our relationship then I needed to do as he said. Hudson had reasons to be mad at me—very real, very valid reasons. And if I wanted to salvage what we had, I’d have to take his wrath. I deserved it. I owed it to him.

I started toward my purse, ready to leave at his side when I remembered Liesl. “I, I have an employee here and I’m the only other person here. David’s not due in until five.”

“It’s fine, Laynie.” Liesl flashed me the palm of her hand and I could see pen marks that I guessed were her schedule. “I got what I needed. I’ll leave with you.”

It was almost comical that Liesl didn’t understand the gravity of Hudson’s mood, that she took it for granted that his behavior was commonplace and that I welcomed it. But I was too mortified to laugh. Too deeply disgraced.

I swallowed down the thick ball in my throat and looked to Hudson, not meeting his eyes. “I need to close everything up. I unlocked the bar when I got a soft drink earlier and the computers are still up—”

Hudson’s hands were balled into fists at his sides. His patience was wearing. “Text David and tell him I required you to leave on short notice. Alarm the main door. It’ll be fine.” Tersely, he added, “I doubt David will care.”

Was it David, then? Was that what this was about? Or was I reading into things?

I was in a daze as we walked out, my feet moving automatically while Liesl chatted nonstop about the new bartender. I’m sure that I nodded and said, “Uh-huh,” at the appropriate times because she didn’t call me out on my lack of attention.

At the door, it took me three tries before my unsteady hands entered the alarm code correctly. We stepped outside into the daylight, the sun blinding after the dark of the club. Liesl squeezed my hand in goodbye. “I’ll take a rain check on that girls’ night out. Have fun with Mr. Dominant.” She wiggled her eyebrows before she took off toward the subway station.

I looked to the curb and realized there were no familiar cars waiting for us. When I turned back to Hudson, he was walking toward the other shops, already several feet away. I jogged to catch up with him but slowed my speed before I got to his side. It was easier to avoid his gaze if I were a step behind him.

We walked in silence and my mind struggled to get a grip on the situation. We were headed to Central Parking. He must have driven himself, probably parked in one of the club’s designated parking spots. He usually only drove himself for sport, and he didn’t really seem in the “for sport” mood. He must be driverless for another reason. Like, he’d been so worked up he couldn’t even wait for a ride to be arranged. He simply took off, in a rage. I tried to imagine it—him at his office, immersed in working when—what? What had happened to make him drop everything and drive himself to find me? But wasn’t that the million dollar question? Well, we were talking about Hudson Pierce—100 million dollar question was more like it.

At the garage, Hudson clicked the security button on his key ring, and the Maybach announced its presence, parked, as I’d guessed, in one of the club’s two VIP spots that were rarely taken. Despite his chilly attitude, he opened the passenger door for me and reminded me to text David before walking around to the driver’s side.

I punched a quick message into my phone that I prayed made sense without sounding like I was in trouble. But wasn’t I? In big trouble?

No, why should I be? Just because I was in love with the man, because we had some unspoken commitment to each other that I had broken with my secrets—none of that meant that I had to sit by like a wayward child waiting for her punishment. I was a big girl. Sure, I had to take responsibility for my actions, but I didn’t deserve to be in the dark, handled with hostility and rage.

We’d just pulled out of the garage when I decided to take a stand. “What’s going on?” I was met with silence. “Hudson?”

“I’m not ready to talk about this yet.” The vein in his neck twitched. I’d never seen him like that. Not even when he’d accused me of being involved with David.

David. If I had to make a guess, I was betting that was the source of his ire. Still, I played it cautiously, giving nothing away, even though a part of me wanted to spill everything, tell Hudson every little moment of betrayal. But I was too frightened that I’d lose him, so instead I delivered a generic plea. “Whatever it is I did, I’m sorry. I’m sorry and I’ll do whatever I have to do to fix it.”

A cabbie honked as Hudson switched lanes, pulling out in front of him. “Alayna, I can’t talk about this while I’m driving.”

He accelerated through a yellow light and I braced myself against the console. “Yeah, good idea. Focus on the road because you’re scaring me.”

The look he shot me was pure fury. “Good. Maybe you should be scared.”

I didn’t try to talk after that. His driving didn’t improve, even in the silence, and I was grateful it was a short distance to The Bowery. I hadn’t even been aware the underground parking existed until we’d entered the tunnel and parked next to his Mercedes. Huh, I’d wondered where he kept that when he wasn’t using it.

Being with Hudson, I’d gotten used to doors being opened for me, but I hopped out the minute the car stopped. He might be mad, and I might deserve it, but I didn’t have to take it like a pussy.

We rode the elevator in sharp silence. In the penthouse, Hudson headed straight for the bar. I followed, my arms folded over my chest, and waited for him to decide that he was ready to talk.

He’d poured and drank half of his Scotch before facing me. “Tell me one thing. One thing and think carefully before you answer because I want to believe what you tell me.” His voice was even, measured.

I leaned against the back of the couch, bracing myself.

“Are you still in love with him?”

So it was David. How Hudson had found out was beyond me. I couldn’t imagine David sidling up to his boss and sharing the sexual adventures he’d had with me. Especially when David had ended things specifically so Hudson would never find out.

However he’d figured it out, it didn’t matter. What mattered was setting the record straight now. “No, I’m not. I was never in love with him.”

Hudson closed his eyes briefly, almost as though he were relieved. But when he opened them again, the stone coldness remained from before. “Then whatever it was—attraction, obsession. Do you still feel that for him?”

“I never felt any of that for him. He was safe. We messed around a few times.” I winced at Hudson’s hurt expression. “That’s really the extent of it. Really and truly. He was just a guy I had chemistry with but not enough to drive me crazy.” Not like you. Never like you.

“Then why did he file a restraining order?”

A whoosh of air swept through my ears, leaving me lightheaded. Dizzy. “Wait, who are you talking about?” The only restraining order I’d had was with Paul. And the secret that I was working with Paul was much heavier than the David thing.

My fingers curled into the sofa behind me as I waited for him to say the name I knew he’d say.

“Paul Kresh.”

“Oh.” I nodded slowly for several seconds. “Oh.” There was nothing else to say. I had no reaction, I had no defense. “You found out about Paul.”

His teeth gritted. I could hear as he ground them together. “Since you know I’m already aware of your past with Paul, you must be referring to the fact that he’s a partner in Party Planners Plus.”

I shook my head.

“You didn’t know?” There was hope in his tone. He wanted me to not know.

But I couldn’t lie. It was one thing to keep it from him, quite another to lie outright. “Well, he’s not technically a partner, so that’s not a fair question.”

“Dammit, Alayna. Don’t hedge around the facts. Because I’d like to think that you would never do something so stupid as to sign a deal that would put you in close working proximity with someone that you are legally not supposed to be anywhere near. The Alayna I know would never do something so brainless.”

But I had signed the deal. That morning, in fact. “Guess you don’t really know me.”

He slammed his empty glass on the bar. “This is not a fucking game!”

“Don’t you think I know that?” I raised my voice to match his. “I’m the one who has the restraining order. I get the seriousness of the situation.” I pointed my finger into my chest at each mention of the word I so forcefully, I knew it would bruise.

“Then why?” His eyes were pleading. “You can’t have been that desperate to sign a deal. I had thought—I’d hoped—that you didn’t realize that Kresh was engaged to Julie Swaggert—”

“Engaged? I thought they were just dating.”

The look on his face said that wasn’t the thing to say.

I quickly corrected. “Which doesn’t matter, I know. I didn’t mean to seem interested, because I’m not. I’m not, Hudson. I don’t care what or whom he’s with. It’s only that he didn’t say they were engaged when we talked.”

“You talked to him?”

I hadn’t thought he could be more enraged. Turned out I was wrong.

“So help me god, Alayna, you better say it was on the phone.”

Lie, lie, lie. It was a song in my head, repeating the same refrain. I willed myself to ignore it. “It wasn’t. It was in person.”

He stepped toward me, his hands poised like he wanted to wring my neck. “Dammit, Alayna! What the fuck were you thinking?”

“Stop yelling at me and I’ll explain.” Even though I knew he wouldn’t hit me, his rage wasn’t productive. And as mad as he was, I was afraid he wouldn’t get past his anger. That he’d end things for sure. I needed a hint that there was a chance we weren’t over.

“I’m waiting.” His volume was lower, but his demeanor hadn’t changed in the least.

“I’m not saying anything until you calm down. You’re scaring me.”

He looked as though I’d slapped him. “That’s fair.” He ran a hand through his hair. “But this is as calm as I’m going to get.”

I swallowed. “I, um, had the meeting with Julia. On Thursday. And I didn’t know she was involved with Paul. But then at the end he showed up and I was totally unprepared.” A chill ran through me at the memory of seeing him in the club, at the shock I’d felt. “He acted like he didn’t know me so I followed his lead. And then when Julia went off to the bathroom, Paul told me he didn’t want to ruin the deal for her and so we had to pretend we’d never met.”

I stepped toward Hudson, hating the look on his face, wanting him to be comforted. “I told him I couldn’t work with him, Hudson, and he said I had to. He said Julia was dying to work with Pierce Industries and this was her in and if I screwed it up…” I bit my lip and tasted blood. “He said I owed him.”

“Alayna, you don’t fucking owe him anything.” His voice was still harsh, but less so.

My eyes stung. “I do! I ruined his life.”

“He cheated on his fiancée. He ruined his own life.”

“But there’s more to it than that, and you know it.”

“You still don’t owe him shit. You were sick. You weren’t responsible for what you were doing.”

I took that in. I had been sick. I hadn’t been in control of my actions. I knew this. I’d accepted this in therapy.

But that didn’t change anything. “It doesn’t matter. Even if I don’t owe him, he has this over my head. He could say that I set up the meeting simply to get to him. I mean, I didn’t, but it could look that way.” I chuckled harshly. “Even you thought that I did. And then he was there again that night at the Botanic Gardens. It looks like I could have been following him. Who’s going to believe me over him?”

I’d been avoiding his eyes, but I met them now. “If I violate that order again, I could see jail time.” Not to mention what could happen to Hudson in the media. He’d be the joke of the town.

“Alayna.” He closed the short distance between us in two quick steps and wrapped his arms around me.

I hadn’t realized how close my tears were to the surface until I was safe and in his arms. I cried softly into his shoulder, not only because of what I’d done or because of the pressure I’d been under keeping it in, but because he was holding me. They were tears of relief.

Hudson pulled me in even tighter. “Why didn’t you come to me? I would never let anything bad happen to you. Never. You have to know that, don’t you?”

I turned my face so my words wouldn’t get lost in the material of his suit jacket. “I got scared. Of what he could do to me. Of what he could do to you.” The long strokes he ran along my back made it easy to keep talking, easy to confess. “And I wanted you to be proud of me. Of the deal I made.”

He pushed me away suddenly and gripped my upper arms. Bending to catch my gaze, he said, “I’m always proud of you, Alayna. Always.”

It broke me. Again.

I clutched on to his shirt inside his open jacket. “I should have told you. I’m so sorry. I didn’t know what to do and I wanted to tell you. Please, don’t be mad at me.”

Softly, he shushed me. “Don’t. Don’t cry, precious.” He held me as I cried. When I was calmer, he said, “I’m only mad because you put yourself in danger. You scared me. You can’t imagine what I felt when the background report came across my desk and I realized the situation. Don’t you know I couldn’t stand it if anything bad happened to you?” His voice cracked.

“Yes, I know.” It was exactly how I’d feel if something happened to him.

“And I’m mad because you didn’t come to me.”

“I wanted to. I did. But Ce—” I almost mentioned Celia, stopping myself right before I did. I didn’t think it was a good time to add that secret to the mix. “But I didn’t want you to have to get in the middle of my mess.”

I pulled away, looking aimlessly for a tissue.

Hudson pulled a handkerchief from his pocket. Who the hell carried handkerchiefs? There was still so much to learn about this man.

“Don’t be silly,” he said, dabbing at my eyes. “First of all, I own The Sky Launch so I’m legally responsible for anything that goes on in regards to employees and the people they interact with.”

I hadn’t thought of that.

He ran his thumb gently down the side of my face. “But more importantly, if you’re in a mess of any sort, then so am I. Not legally. But because you’re mine. And I’m yours. And that means I’m tied to you in every way. Good and bad. If you can’t see that, then we have no chance.”

Oh, god. The enormity of it hit me. I’d put all we had in jeopardy, put us at risk. “I really fucked everything up.” I felt the color leave my face. “Oh, god, Hudson.”

He tilted my chin up with one finger and kissed my nose. “You didn’t fuck everything up. I can fix it. Now that I know.”

“What will you do?” I had a brief flash of men in trench coats meeting up with Paul in a dark alley. Sad that the thought brought a smile to my face.

“I wouldn’t do anything illegal, if that’s what you’re thinking.”

Damn, he could read me so well.

“I’ll offer Party Planners Plus a deal with Fierce in exchange for terminating the contract with The Sky Launch. Fierce is a bigger name and can offer a better payout. They’ll still be working with the Pierce name. Kresh will have nothing to complain about.”

“Good plan. Thank you.” If I’d only come to Hudson in the first place, he would have arranged a deal like this and I wouldn’t have put anyone—myself—in a precarious position. My stomach churned with self-loathing. “I’m sorry, Hudson. I’m sorry you have to clean up my mess. I’m such an idiot.”

“Shush up.” His arms were around me again, holding me, comforting me when it was the last thing I deserved. “Stop feeling guilty. It’s our mess, remember? And I want to clean it up. It’s one of the things I’m capable of. Let me.”

“All right.” I took a deep breath, letting all my worry and regret out as I exhaled. “All right, I’ll let you.”





Chapter Sixteen





Hudson pocketed his damp handkerchief, and I could feel his disposition change, could feel him moving away. “Now, Alayna. What else do you need to tell me?”

“What—what do you mean?” I was still recovering from the last horrific confession. What other information did I need to disclose? At this point, I was ready to spill everything.

Hudson took his jacket off, folding it and setting it on the back of the sofa. “When we started this conversation, you thought I was talking about something else. Someone else.” His eyes pierced me. “Who did you think I was talking about?”

Honesty. I owed him honesty. “I thought you were talking about David.”

“David Lindt?”

“Yes.”

He backed up until he was leaning against the wall. I hated that he needed the support. “You told me there was nothing between you and David.”

“There’s not. Anymore.”

“But there was.”

“Yes.”

I could see the pain across his face. It killed me. It was exactly how I’d feel if I found out there had been something with him and Celia. I wanted to go to him, to hold him like he’d held me, to make it better.

I stepped toward him, but he put a hand out to stop me.

“It was nothing, Hudson. We were sort of together. But not really. We didn’t go on dates or anything or tell anyone about us. Just, when we worked late, alone…things happened.” The words tasted awful in my mouth.

“Did you sleep with him?”

“No. Things never went that far.” This hadn’t been the first time the subject had been broached. “You’ve asked me this before and I told you no then as well. I wasn’t lying.”

He shot me a challenging glance. “I also asked if you had wanted to and I never got a straight answer.”

“I don’t know the answer.” I considered leaving it at that. But I knew it would always hang over us unless I let it all out. “Yes. I suppose I did. Once upon a time. But not now.” Again, I wanted to move toward him. This time I stopped myself before he did. “There’s nothing now, Hudson. You have to believe me.”

It was after several long seconds that he spoke. “I do.”

“You do?” I couldn’t hide the shock from my voice.

“Yes. You don’t look at him the way you look at me.”

“Of course, I don’t.”

“But he looks at you the way I look at you. The way I imagine I look at you.”

“No, he doesn’t.” Yes, David had feelings for me, but they didn’t compare to the way Hudson felt about me. “You’re exaggerating.”

Hudson straightened and began pacing. “I’m not. It’s a problem and I can’t have it continuing.”

“What does that mean?” I knew the answer without having to ask, the dread washing over me in a thick wave.

“It means he’s going to have to leave The Sky Launch.”

“Don’t even joke.” As if Hudson was the type to kid.

“Does it seem like I’m joking?”

“Hudson, no. You can’t do that.” My voice was louder than I would have liked it. I’d prefer to be stoic and cold like him, but that wasn’t me. “You can’t fire David because of a stupid fling we had before I even met you. He’s the responsible one at the club. He’s the one who said we needed to end it.”

His glare was heart-stopping. “You aren’t helping your case.”

“But you can’t fire David because we messed around once upon a time. It’s over. It’s not fair. It’s not fair to David.” I felt very near to throwing a tantrum. I may have even stomped my foot once.

Hudson returned to the bar to refill his Scotch. “It was going to happen anyway. Regardless of what you and he...” He took a deep breath and I knew from the awful pain in his eyes that he was thinking about David and me together. They were horrible thoughts. Things I never wanted him to have to imagine. But there wasn’t anything I could do. I’d certainly thought of him and Celia in the same terrible ways. It was painful and heartbreaking, but endurable.

Hudson would endure as well.

Despite his misery, I had to ask, “What do you mean by it was going to happen anyway?”

He shook his head, took a gulp of his drink and set it down. “This isn’t how I wanted to tell you. It was meant to be a surprise at an appropriate time. But the truth is that I’ve wanted to make a management change since I bought the place.”

I leaned against the sofa back, not wanting to hear anymore, unable to stop the inevitable words.

“Alayna, I want you to run the club.”

“Hudson…no.”

“I bought the club for you.”

A shudder ran through me. “What are you talking about? You didn’t know me when you bought the club.”

“The symposium—”

I cut him off. “You told me you were already looking at the club. The fact that I worked there influenced you. Never did you say anything about buying it for me.” In my head, I replayed everything I knew about our strange meeting. He’d seen me at the symposium, but I hadn’t known that until later. He came into the bar, once. We’d flirted and he’d given me a big fat tip and a trip to his spa, behavior that in itself was psycho-aggressive. None of it warranted the purchase of a business. If that was the real reason he’d bought the club—well, then he was crazier than me.

“I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to seem too forward.”

“Well, too fucking late for that.”

He continued with an annoying degree of impassivity. “It wasn’t as insane as it sounds, Alayna. It was business. I saw you at the symposium and knew I needed you working for me. Since you weren’t taking any interviews with companies, I had to buy the company you were already at. Yes, I was attracted to you. Yes, it influenced my decision to pursue your talent, but wanting you working for me was the driving force of that pursuit.”

It wasn’t an uncommon scenario. Smart-minded business players often made large company purchases simply to get control of a talented workforce. “Then you got what you wanted. I am working for you. I don’t have to run The Sky Launch to be working for you.” I ran my hands up and down my arms, trying to get warm. “I have an important role, and I don’t need anything more right now.”

He stepped toward me, his impassivity replaced with vehemence. “Alayna, you have so much potential!”

“Stop it! You sound like my brother. Don’t decide that I’m wasting my potential. I’m building up to it at my own speed. I’m not ready to run a club, Hudson.” My hands flew expressively as I spoke—pointing at him, then at myself, then flinging madly at my sides.

Hudson chortled. “You’re going to have to be ready. Otherwise someone else will have to step into that role when David’s gone.”

“Then this isn’t about me at all! It is about David. You can’t fire him. You can’t!”

“It’s about you, Alayna. No one but you.” The calm exterior he’d adopted after the Paul Kresh situation was completely abandoned now. “I told you I don’t share. I won’t share you. Not with him. Not with anyone. I will bend over backwards to give you everything you need and want, but this is the one thing I have to have in return. Fidelity.”

“I am faithful. I’ve never been anything but faithful. I have no desire to cheat on you with David or anyone. I’m yours, like you said.”

“Yes. You are. Mine. And I should have gotten rid of him the minute I suspected there had been anything between you.”

The truth of what he was saying hit me in the gut. “In other words, you don’t trust me.”

“I don’t trust him!”

“It doesn’t matter if you trust him as long as you trust me!”

His face transformed into a bitter expression I’d never seen before. “Today I discovered you kept both your relationship with David and your recent interaction with Paul Kresh from me and you’re talking about trust? Good timing, Alayna.”

Ouch. But I deserved that. David, however, did not. “I told you why I didn’t tell you about Paul. And this is why I didn’t tell you about David. Because I was afraid you’d overreact, and wow, here you are trying to fire the best employee The Sky Launch has!”

“You’re the best employee The Sky Launch has.”

Under different circumstances, his faith in me would be flattering. “I beg to differ. I wouldn’t be worth shit without David, and I don’t want his job.”

Hudson leaned forward, his eyes dark. “It’s not an option. You want to work at the club, you’ll work in the position that I choose.”

Rage boiled through me. “Then I quit! Because I can’t work for someone who’s so obviously jealous and controlling. And you’re seriously making me reconsider my living situation as well.”

“Don’t!” He stepped forward, his face in mine. “Don’t throw our relationship on the line because of a good business decision.”

I wanted to push him back, push him away. At the same time, I wanted to pull him in and kiss away all the jealousy and angst between us, wanted to end the awful tension. I’d threatened our relationship, but I didn’t mean it. I wouldn’t throw it away. I’d do whatever I had to in order to keep him mine.

But I wasn’t letting my cards show yet. I didn’t touch him at all. I stayed rigid as I spoke. “You aren’t making this decision because it’s good business. You’re trying to punish me.”

His eyes widened. “I’m punishing you by giving you a promotion?”

“A promotion I don’t want!”

He spun away from me, as though he were too afraid of what he’d do if he stayed in such close proximity. When he’d taken a few steps, he turned back to face me. “You want me to take everything from you, but you won’t take from me? How am I supposed to feel about that?”

“This isn’t the same.” He was twisting my words, taking something I’d said in a time of beauty and bringing it into a war zone. It hurt. Deep, in my bones. I wanted it to stop. “I don’t want this, Hudson. I don’t want it!”

I turned to run away. Where, I didn’t know. Just away from him and the terrible situation he was putting me in.

But I’d only made it a few steps when he came after me, his arms circling around my waist from behind.

I squirmed, kicking and hitting at him. “Let go of me!”

“No. I’ll never let you go.” He must not have meant physically, because he did let me go. He threw me on the couch and began undoing his pants.

Immediately my sex felt on fire. The thought of him fucking me with all that rage and passion was a big turn-on. And, honestly, we probably needed the contact—to reconnect before we grew too far apart.

But I was headstrong, not willing to give in. I slipped under him to the floor, crawling toward the elevators as fast as I could.

His strong hand grabbed my ankle, drawing me back to him. I clawed at the floor, but I already knew it was hopeless. Not because he was stronger than me, but because he knew what I really wanted—that I wanted him to overpower me.

He stretched out over me, holding me to the floor, both my hands pinned above my head with one of his. He nipped at my ear. “God, you are so maddening. How can I want you so much when you drive me so insane?”

Using his whole body, he turned me underneath him and crushed his mouth to mine in a fierce kiss—a kiss that was forceful and dominating and full of so much emotion.

I resisted at first, turning my head away from him. But he was relentless and his unusual display of emotion disarmed me. My head was overruled by my body—by my heart—and I surrendered to him, giving in to his demanding mouth and the masterful hands that had already freed his rock-hard cock.

He reached down under my dress, moving the flimsy thong material out of the way to stick a long finger inside me. If he didn’t understand my need before, he did now. I was wet and swollen for him.

He groaned in satisfaction.

“It doesn’t mean I’m not mad.” It was my last attempt to state my case before he replaced his finger with his cock.

I cried out at the exquisite bite of pleasure, the incredible feeling of fullness, almost too much yet also not enough. I needed him to move, to thrust, to ride me.

“Fine,” he said, jabbing deeper into me, still not moving the way I ached for him to. “Be mad. Take it out on me. I’m planning to take out my emotions on you.”

And he did. He drew himself out almost to the tip. It must have taken more control than I could imagine, his contorted expression showing the strain of the slow retreat. Then he let go, pounding into me with thick, insistent stabs. My hips bucked at each deep plunge in rhythm with his primal grunts. Even the sound of his loose belt buckle slapping against the floor added to the animalistic way he took me, as if it were a whip driving the beast, urging him on.

I moaned and tightened around him within minutes, surprised to feel the build of orgasm so quickly with only vaginal stimulation. It was the whole scene, the depravity of it, the utter baseness. It was wild and feral and uncontrolled. I hated that I loved it—loved it so entirely.

He wrapped his loose hand in my hair, yanking at it with just the right amount of pleasure and pain. My eyes began to close.

“Look at me,” he snapped.

My eyes flew open, meeting his.

“Can’t you see?” I was surprised he could speak through his exertion. “Can’t you see what you do to me? Can’t you see how you make me feel?”

He shifted, and I gasped as he hit a particularly tender spot. “Do you feel how hard you make me?”

I didn’t know if he wanted an answer, didn’t think I could speak if he did.

But he tugged again at my hair. “Do you?”

“Yes,” I cried out.

He picked up his speed, reaching a frenzied pace that threw me over the edge. “You do this to me, Alayna.”

I struggled to keep my eyes on him, to focus on his words through the rapturous haze that enveloped me. His words were important, and I wanted to hear what he said as much as I wanted to lose myself in the ecstasy he’d bestowed on me.

He was on the brink, too—I could read his body like it was my own—but still he kept his gaze connected to mine. “Even when you’re petulant and contrary, I still want you. Always, I want you. I want to give you everything. All of me. Why can’t you take it? Take it.”

He delivered one more elongated thrust, burying himself deeply as he poured into me with a low groan. “Take it!”

I whimpered as his release shuddered through me, extending my own into a second wave of euphoria that sent chills down my spine. Lost in the fog of post-orgasm, my ears still thrumming with the pulse of my heartbeat, I had a brief moment of clarity—what if it wasn’t Hudson that was incapable of being loved fiercely, but me?

The thought was fleeting, gone as soon as it had come. Of course, I could take his love. It was he who didn’t know how to show it.

He’d rolled off me by then and was sitting with his back braced against the sofa. Only traces of the wild passion he’d displayed a moment ago were present in his features, his shortness of breath one of the only indicators that he’d ever lost control.

Suddenly I was angry. Angry with him for resorting to fucking as a way to end our disagreement like he always did. Angry that he expected it would change anything. Angry at myself for being seduced.

I propped myself up on my elbows and glared.

“Now, come on, Alayna.” His eyes narrowed. “You can’t tell me you didn’t enjoy it.”

His condescending tone irked me even more. “Sex isn’t the only way to show a person how you feel.”

“I know. I tried to give you a nightclub.”

His words stung though I couldn’t quite grasp why.

I was still figuring it out when he stood and zipped himself up. “If you want to continue fighting about this, which I’m sure you do, it will have to be later. I have work to do.”

My scowl remained long after he’d left. It was almost funny that I felt so enraged. I’d thought he’d fall to pieces if he’d known I wasn’t telling him things about my past with David, that I’d withheld my interaction with Paul Kresh. And if he’d gone crazy because I’d hidden things, I would have taken it. I’d kept things from him, and I deserved whatever distrust and hurt feelings that came from that.

But it hadn’t been my keeping secrets that put us on opposite sides. It had been his jealousy and my refusal to take over the club. Either he’d always truly meant to give me The Sky Launch, or he was manipulating the situation with David to make me believe that. Both were possible. I’d probably never know for sure which one. Maybe he didn’t know himself.

One thing was certain, I wasn’t letting David get fired, whatever the reason. One day, perhaps, I’d be ready and want to take over the management of The Sky Launch, but not now. Not so soon. Not only a month after graduating with my MBA.

And I wouldn’t do that to a manager as good as David. It wasn’t right.

I brought myself to my feet and stretched. The discussion wasn’t over, but I could put it on pause for the night if Hudson could. And I didn’t intend to mope around about it. It was unhealthy and could quickly turn to obsession if I wasn’t careful. Which meant I had to find something to occupy myself.

I looked at my watch and was surprised to find it was after six. Guess I was skipping group therapy since I’d already missed it. I didn’t have the energy for exercise, so that was out. There was a TV in the living room, but I preferred movies to shows and I hadn’t yet come across any DVDs. Hudson probably had everything on a movie drive somewhere. I wasn’t about to ask where. I’d already finished The Talented Mr. Ripley.

Actually, what I should do was work on the library. Another slew of packages had arrived on Friday and the room was crammed with unopened boxes. I should have unpacked them over the weekend, but I’d been too content to lie around naked with Hudson, doing nothing but each other. I’d put it off too long. So what if Hudson was already working in there at his desk. We were grown-ups. We could share the space.

Though the library was big, the room felt confined with the tension still lingering between us. Hudson sat at his desk, focused intently on his computer screen. It was as if he didn’t even know I was in the room. But he did. Of course, he did. He could seem so single-minded, so compartmentalized, but he was always aware of me in every way, as I was always aware of him. I simply wasn’t as good at hiding it as he was.

I took a deep breath and knelt at the stack of boxes furthest from him. Soon, I was wrapped up in the task of unloading and alphabetizing, enjoying the thrill of each newly discovered book title. He’d purchased so many great ones. Classics and contemporaries. Many I’d read, many I wanted to read, many I wanted to reread.

It was after I opened the box with the DVDs that I realized it. Not right away. At first, I was surprised to find the contents were movies rather than books, but I simply started on another section of the shelves and began unloading, not paying too much attention to the titles until I pulled out Midnight Cowboy—the movie Hudson and I had watched while we were in the Hamptons. He’d pulled up the list of AFI’s Greatest Movies, a list I was slowly working my way through, and he’d told me to choose one I hadn’t seen. I chose Midnight Cowboy.

Seeing it in the box, it hit me. I looked over the titles I’d shelved to be sure, and yep, it was true. Each and every movie was on the AFI list. And the books—I ran to look over the books, paying more attention this time. The Brothers Karamazov, Anna Karenina, Catch-22, Beloved—they were all titles from The Greatest Books list. I’d told Hudson I wanted to read them all before I died. And here he’d bought them for me. Each and every one.

I was suddenly overcome with emotion. It was a strange thing to move me, but it did. Before he’d decided to commit to me, before he’d asked me to come to his penthouse, let alone move in with him, he’d purchased a library full of books and movies tailored specifically to my interests.

He hadn’t said I love you. Maybe he never would. But was there anything this man did that didn’t show me how much he did love me?

I was halfway to his desk before I’d even thought about what I was doing. He must have heard me coming, because even though he didn’t look at me, he swiveled in his chair, opening toward me a bit. Maybe it had been subconscious, that he aligned himself with me as I often did with him. It was nice to think so.

I fell at his feet, placing my head on his thigh.

He shifted and I could tell that I’d surprised him.

“Make love to me,” I said, my face nuzzling against his leg. “Please. Make love to me.”

I held my breath as I waited for him to respond. I heard him click his mouse a few times and then set his glasses on the desk—the glasses he only wore when he read or worked on his computer because he was slightly farsighted. There were some things I knew about him.

Then he bent down and lifted me with him to a standing position in one fluid movement.

Cradling me in his arms, he carried me to the bedroom—our bedroom—not a word spoken between us. He laid me on the bed. Silently, with such tenderness, he undressed me, then himself.

He stretched over me and kissed me—every inch of me from head to toe. He lingered in new areas, cherishing my belly button and the spot behind my knee and the sensitive area at my tailbone. Every part of my skin, he lavished with attention, adoring me as he’d never adored me before, yet each touch, each caress felt familiar. Like home.

When at last he settled himself between my thighs, he entered me with slow precision. And it was with sweet, languid strokes that he took me to orgasm, not once, not twice, but three times.

He met my eyes the last time, and we maintained the contact as I rode the wave of euphoria. Then he joined me, moaning low as his climax spiraled into mine, our gazes still fixed on each other. And even when my vision glazed over with fireworks, all I could see was him and love. So much love.





Chapter Seventeen





Hudson was already dressed and bustling around when I awoke the next morning. I peered at him with one eye closed then ventured a look at my watch. It wasn’t even quite six yet.

He either saw me stirring or was so in tune with me that he recognized my breathing had left sleep mode. “Do you mind sharing, or do you want your own suitcase?”

I yawned, my brain still fuzzy. “Um, suitcase for what?”

“For Japan.”

I wiped the sleep out of my eyes. “Japan? Why would I go to Japan?”

“Because I’m going to make that play for Plexis. And I want you to come with me.”

I sat up, realizing I should be concentrating harder on the conversation. Hudson was putting his toiletries into a suitcase propped on a folding luggage rack. A travel bag for suits was already zipped up and hanging on the bedroom door. “When exactly is this happening?”

Hudson stopped packing and flashed his heart-stopping smile—the widest one he had that he used so rarely and which always got the butterflies fluttering in my tummy. He was obviously in a good mood. “The plane’s set to take off late tonight. It’s a long flight. Might as well sleep. Or, we could not sleep.” His eyes gleamed wickedly. “It would be easier to adjust to the time difference if we stayed awake the entire flight.” His gaze wandered to my naked breasts. “I’m sure we could think of something to occupy our time.”

With a frown, I flung the sheet off my legs, rose and headed toward the bathroom. “I can’t go to Japan tonight.”

“Why not?”

“Because I have work,” I called over my shoulder. Thinking of work, I suddenly remembered the whole evening before—Paul and David, and Hudson wanting me to run the club. Then the spectacular lovemaking. I wasn’t sure where that left everything.

“So what about work?”

Where were we in our conversation? Oh, yes, Japan. “I have work. You know? That thing you do where you go someplace and make lots of money? Even those of us who don’t make lots of money still do the work part. In fact, it’s even more necessary for us.”

“Anything you need, I can provide. I expect to provide.”

I’d left the door open while I peed so I could still hear him clearly. It felt nice having that level of comfort with a guy, but I wasn’t so sure about the provide thing he was talking about. “Hey, we just moved in together. Can we step back and keep this on the topic at hand?”

“Fine. But that discussion will come eventually. Sometime soon.”

My stomach twisted with both panic and anticipation. Dammit, what was this man doing to me?

“You make your own schedule.” His voice seemed close. I looked up to see him leaning in the doorway.

My brow knitted, still hung up on his last statement. I really needed coffee before embarking on such mind-spiraling discussions. “Because I make my own schedule doesn’t mean I can leave on a moment’s notice.”

“Sure you can. I own the club.”

“Funny how you pretend you don’t until it’s convenient for you to remind me.”

He grinned but didn’t dispute.

“And don’t think we’re done talking about the club management.” I wiped, flushed and washed my hands, flinging droplets of water on him as I pushed past him back to the bedroom.

He followed me as I went to my closet. “I didn’t think that for a minute. But right now we’re talking about Japan.”

“I have a meeting set up with Aaron Trent tomorrow. I can’t miss that.”

“Reschedule. He’ll make time for you.”

“That’s so tacky.” I pulled out a pair of plain cotton underwear. I hadn’t showered yet and didn’t feel like wasting a pair of nice ones. “He already thinks I rescheduled once.”

“Why? I thought it had been he who canceled?”

“Long story.” Hudson’s eyes stayed glued to me as I pulled on a sports bra. “And you’re distracting me from my point.”

“I think you’re the one distracting me.”

“They’re put away, you sex fiend. You can surely find my eyes now.”

He laughed. Yes, he definitely was in a good mood. “Tell Trent something came up and reschedule.” He handed me a pair of running shorts. “He’ll understand. I’ll make him if I have to.”

“You know I want to handle him myself.” I stepped into the shorts and found a tank to pair with them.

I grabbed some socks and turned to face him. He was staring at me—not my body—at my face, waiting for me to continue. I sighed. He was serious about the trip. And I was not. I gave it sincere thought for about for fifteen seconds.

The idea still seemed ludicrous. “It’s not only him, Hudson. I have other things I’m working on. And I don’t even have a passport.”

“I already have that arranged.”

“I don’t even want to know how you pulled that off.” I pushed past him again and headed for the bed. I sat on the edge and put on my socks.

Hudson appeared from my closet carrying my running shoes.

“Thank you.” He was always so considerate, but I knew his attentiveness this morning had motive. It occurred to me that I could just give in. But I could be stubborn too.

I picked up right where I’d left off with a new excuse. “Also, my brother’s coming out from Boston sometime this week. I need to get him the key to my apartment and let him harass me for some reason.”

Hudson bent to put on my left shoe while I worked on the other. “I can arrange for someone to meet him, you know. It doesn’t have to be you.”

Now that sounded like a good plan, even if I didn’t go to Japan. Even if I didn’t go to Japan? Dammit, he had me considering it.

I shook my head. “You seriously have a solution for any protest I make, don’t you?”

“I guarantee that I do. So why are you still protesting?”

“Because I have a life that involves more than you.”

“I hate that.”

I looked up from my tied shoe to see him giving me a pretty effective pout. “Don’t be cute.”

“I want you with me. I’ll use any tactic I can to make that happen.”

He held out his hand to help me up. I took it and was immediately pulled into his arms.

Yeah, that felt good. How had I gone all that time since waking without touching him? He’d become so necessary to my life, to my routine. Was it even possible to spend time away from him? And how much time were we talking about?

Always in tune with me, he spoke directly to my unvoiced thoughts, nuzzling his cheek against mine. “I may be gone for several days. I can’t bear to be apart from you that long. It kills me that you think you can.”

They were the kinds of words I’d always dreamed of being told. I was the clingy one. I was the get-too-fucking-attached chick. What was it about Hudson that kept my obsessiveness at bay? Did it mean I didn’t feel as deeply about him as I thought I did? That I didn’t truly love him?

No, I did love him. Truly. There was no doubt. It was because I felt secure about his feelings for me, god only knew why, that I was able to remain sensible.

But I also understood that look in his eyes, that yearning to be with someone who didn’t necessarily reciprocate. I’d been passed up and thrown away so many times. It hurt.

Even though Hudson was only going for a short trip and not forever, I got his need and I couldn’t stand the idea of making him feel that misery.

I also couldn’t imagine putting everything on hold and flying off to Japan at the drop of a hat. “I don’t want to be apart from you either, Hudson. I…can I think about it?” I bit my lower lip, waiting for his response, hoping he wasn’t too disappointed with my maybe.

He pressed his forehead against mine. “I suppose.”

Well, he took it better than I’d thought he would. “When do you need a decision?”

“Any time before the plane leaves the runway. Say, ten-ish.”

“Okay. I’ll think about it and let you know by this evening. Does that work?”

“It does.” He stuck his hands down the back of my running shorts and pulled me closer. “You know, every time you say you need to think about something, you end up coming around to my way in the end. When are you going to learn to just say yes to begin with?”

I laughed. “Not today.”

“It was worth a try.”

We held each other in silence for several long seconds. He was out of sorts—in a good way—his mood playful and easy, his touch soft and tender. It seemed every emotional scene we shared was followed by a reunion that brought us closer than we had been before. Our evening before had been one of our worst. But this, like the lovemaking that followed the fighting, was oh, so close.

Thinking about it brought warmth to my chest. “Thank you for last night. It was beautiful.”

“That it was.” He circled my nose with his. “Very much so.” It seemed he wanted to say more, but he didn’t. Instead, he kissed me sweetly.

When he was finished, he pulled away reluctantly. “That’s enough.” He swatted my behind, as if I were the one who’d started the embrace. Then he eyed my outfit as if taking it in for the first time. “So I’m guessing you aren’t going straight to the club.”

I scooped my hair into a ponytail and threw a scrunchie from the nightstand around it. “I thought I’d get a run in first. A real run, outdoors. Before it gets too hot.”

“Good idea.” He looked in the mirror, straightening his tie. “I have an early meeting myself.”

“I figured. You aren’t usually dressed this early.” He had yet to don his jacket and looked positively scrumptious in his fitted maroon dress shirt and skinny black tie. I may have even licked my lips.

“Trust me, precious, if I didn’t have other plans, I would definitely not be dressed.” He did that thing where he scanned my body with his eyes, lighting my skin on fire. “And you wouldn’t need to get your exercise with a run.”

“So sure you’d score, huh?”

He raised a brow. “Wouldn’t I?”

“You would.” He always would. He always did. Fortunately, when Hudson scored, I scored, so it was worth letting him be a winner.

Hudson grabbed his suit jacket, and we left the bedroom together. I snagged my key to the penthouse from my purse and slipped it into the cup of my bra.

His mouth curled into a half smile. “Do you hide everything there?”

I shrugged with one shoulder. “It’s pretty handy if you ask me. They should build pockets into bras. I guarantee they’d sell.”

“That can be our next business venture together.”

I rolled my eyes. Hudson was way more ambitious than I was. Probably part of the reason he was a multi-billionaire and I was living paycheck to paycheck.

“I’m ready to go down. Are you?”

He raised an eyebrow.

“Go down to the lobby, you pervert.”

“No, I need to answer a few emails first. Go on ahead.” He turned toward the library then changed his mind, swiveling back to me. “Hold on.”

He reached for my hand and pulled me in for another kiss, this one deeper yet still more tender than sexual. It was me who pulled away first and only because I knew if I didn’t that I might drown in him. He insisted on one more peck after that.

“What?” he asked when he’d finally let me go.

“You’re so…I don’t know…sweet this morning. What’s up with you?”

“I suppose I’m simply happy.”

“I’m glad. Really glad.” I pushed the button to the elevator then had a horrible thought. What if his unusual demeanor was meant to distract me from the David situation? “Hey, I meant it when I said we’re not finished with the discussion about management at The Sky Launch.”

“Persistent little vixen, aren’t you? We’ll have plenty of time to discuss it on our flight to Japan.”

I scowled. “Now who’s being persistent?” I stepped in the elevator. “We’ll talk later. About all of it.”

The door was closing when his hand stopped it. “Alayna.”

I pushed the Door Open button and looked at him questioningly. He continued to lean against the elevator door, his brows knit. “Why did you…come to me last night?”

His wording was tentative, and I suspected he was tiptoeing around the words I had used. He seemed to avoid the L word with quiet precision, I noticed.

Regardless, he wanted to know what had spurred my need for him the night before. It made sense—it must have seemed odd when I’d been so mad and then so desperate for affection. “It’s sort of hard to explain.”

“Would you try?”

I pursed my lips, wondering if I could put into words the strange epiphany that I’d experienced. “I was unpacking. And I don’t know why I hadn’t noticed it before, but I realized the books you ordered—and the DVDs—that they were for me.”

His brow furrowed even further. “I told you they were yours. You know I prefer to read on my Kindle.”

“No, I mean, that they were the books I wanted to read. That you’d thought very specifically about what I wanted. It made me feel good. Made me feel loved. Made me feel loved by you.”

“Oh.” He cleared his throat, and I swear his cheeks seemed pink. “Well, yes. Good, then.” He backed out of the doorway, stumbling and catching himself as he stepped.

“Wow. I had no idea I had the power to fluster you.”

His smile returned though his face still appeared flushed. “Don’t get used to it.”

My grin remained all the way to the lobby.





My smile was long gone by the time I’d returned to the empty penthouse.

Instead of bringing me into a calm, meditative state, my run only jumbled up my thoughts. There was so much to sort out, so many conflicting emotions to wade through. Hudson had handled the Paul situation fairly well, and he was going to fix it for me. He deserved me to give something in return. What compromise could I make regarding David? I didn’t want him gone, and I didn’t want to run The Sky Launch. If I went to Japan, would that show him the extent of my love and gratitude? It would be a real sacrifice for me—I really wanted to stay in town, set up an advertising plan with Aaron Trent, and start over with another event planner.

I had come to no conclusions by the time I’d showered and dressed. Then, as Jordan dropped me off at the club a little after eight, I received a text from Brian.

“I’m headed into the city. I’ll be at the Waldorf. What time can we meet?”

“What’s wrong?”

I jumped at David’s question. I’d known he still must be in the club—the alarm hadn’t been set as I walked in—but I hadn’t expected him to be standing at the top of the entry ramp.

Taking a deep breath, I tried to shake off the bulk of the weight hanging on my shoulders. “Nothing. Just overwhelmed with… stuff.”

He reached to take my laptop bag from me, his expression inquisitive.

I handed him my computer, deciding what, if anything, I wanted to share with him, because obviously stuff wasn’t going to cut it. Hell, maybe talking would help me put some things in perspective. “I moved out of my apartment this past weekend,” I said as we made our way toward the offices. “And my brother wants to meet with me to get my key. But we’re not getting along. Not since I started dating Hudson.”

“Hmm.” His shoulders tightened, his face contorted in…what? Jealousy?

Okay, perhaps David did like me more than I realized. He was so much easier to read than Hudson. How had I missed how deep his affection ran?

He held the door to the back hallway open for me. “So you moved in with Pierce?”

I brushed past him and led the way up the stairs. “I did.” Well, better that he knew the truth. He had to come to terms with my relationship with Hudson if I had any hope of helping him keep his job. “I know. It was fast.”

“That’s not what I was thinking.”

“What were you thinking?”

“I was thinking I should have been faster.”

His words stopped me mid-step. I turned back to see if he was serious.

He was. He did look at me like Hudson did. I’d never recognized the intensity because it was completely absent of the electricity and heat that Hudson’s stare always contained.

The color drained from my cheeks.

David cleared his throat. “Sorry. That was uncalled for.” He brushed past me, continuing on to the office. “Anyway, congratulations. I’m happy for you.”

I fell into step behind him. “I’m happy for me, too.” My voice had lost its earlier enthusiasm, still shocked from David’s proclamation. Maybe we couldn’t work together.

I couldn’t stand thinking about it. I changed the subject. “And I’m stressed. Hudson wants me to go to Japan with him tonight.”

David pulled out his keys and unlocked the office door. The room was dark, the computers off—he must have been on his way out when he met me at the entrance.

“Why are you here so late, anyway?” Usually closing managers were out by six-thirty, tops.

He shrugged. “Waiting for you. And, yeah, Hudson told me about Japan.”

I flicked the office light on. “What? When?” I’d only found out about Japan that morning. I didn’t even want to acknowledge the first part of his statement.

“About an hour or so ago. He wanted to make sure we’d be covered without you.”

Hudson had already talked to David that morning? This day was getting more interesting as it progressed. “I haven’t said yes yet.”

“But you will.” He didn’t bother to hide the ache in his voice.

I sank on the couch and rubbed at my forehead. “Is that the only reason Hudson called you?”

David sat on the front of his desk. “Actually, he didn’t call. He stopped by.”

“To tell you he’s taking me to Japan?” Hudson had said he had an early meeting. Why hadn’t he mentioned it was with David? Or was his encounter with David coincidental?

“No, to discuss some other things.”

Dread dripped into my veins. “Oh, really? Like what things?” I pretended to examine my nails, going for an aloof demeanor while really I was anything but. Which was silly, because there was no way Hudson would have talked to him when he’d promised me we could still discuss it first. Besides, David wouldn’t still be there if he’d been fired.

Still, I couldn’t help feeling anxious for David’s response.

He shrugged, and it felt as equal of a show of calm as the one I was giving. “He said he’s transferring the Party Planners deal to Fierce. Something about a conflict of interest.”

The knot in my stomach loosened, if only slightly. Of course. Hudson had to deal with Paul.

“He took all the copies of the contract.” David eyed me, searching for my reaction. “But he said you already knew all that.”

“Yeah, I did.” Boy, did I.

“Sorry, you lost your deal.”

I sensed David was testing me, making sure Hudson wasn’t jerking around with my business just because he could. It was sweet, actually.

Also, totally unnecessary. “Nah, it’s fine. The more I got to know about the company, the more I realized it wasn’t a good fit after all.”

David’s shoulders should have relaxed, if I was reading him right, but they didn’t.

“And that’s all you and Hudson talked about?” I studied his expression carefully. “There’s more, I can tell from your face.” The ball of dread returned.

David came over to the couch and sat on the arm, facing me, with one foot on a cushion. “Well, I’m not supposed to tell you this until you get back from Japan, but I don’t feel good keeping a secret from you. Plus, I’m really excited and have to tell someone.”

“What is it?” My voice was barely a whisper, my hands white as I wrung them in my lap.

“He offered me a promotion.” His eyes twinkled, his excitement evident. “General Manager at Adora, his club in Atlantic City.”

My vision went black for half a second, and I had to lean back into the couch for support. “What did you tell him?” There was no way he couldn’t see me shaking, couldn’t hear it in my voice.

“I said, hell yes. Adora? That place is world famous.”

Or maybe he actually was oblivious to my devastation. And I was oh, so devastated. Not just because the thought of losing David was terrible, but because of what Hudson had done, when he’d specifically told me nothing had been decided yet. I wanted to throw up.

I focused on the more immediate situation at hand—convincing David to stay. “But we’re only getting started here. The Sky Launch could be the next Adora. With you and me—”

“I’m sure it will be the next Adora. Bigger even, with Pierce’s money and your ideas. But I’m not a guy who builds things. I’m a guy who runs things someone else has built. Adora is the biggest career move I could ever hope for.” He looked down at me sheepishly. “I’m supposed to start in two weeks.”

“That’s so soon. And you’ll have to move to Atlantic City.” My throat clogged with tears.

“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re going to miss me.” His tone was hopeful.

“Of course, I’ll miss you, you dope.” I had enough control of myself to tack on a platonic addendum. “You’ve been such a great manager. It was really you who inspired me to want to stay in the nightclub business.”

“Really? I had no idea.” He moved to sit beside me. “I’ll miss you, Laynie. And not just because I have a big crush on you, but because you’re a good friend.”

His unabashed flirtation made sense now. He was laying everything on the line. Why not? He would be gone soon. Gone because of Hudson.

God, my head hurt. I sighed and threw a glance at David. “You don’t have a big crush on me.”

“You’re right. I’m totally in love with you.”

The wind left my lungs. I had to stand up and walk away, putting distance between us. The man I’d moved in with hadn’t even told me he loved me. And he’d gone and betrayed me so deeply. What was I even doing with Hudson? Was I crazy? Should I be running away with David?

The answer was, of course, no. No matter how much David felt for me, it didn’t make up for how much I felt for Hudson. Even after what he’d done.

Thank god, I didn’t have to say it out loud.

“I get it,” David said. “I just really needed you to know how I feel before I go.”

I turned back to face him.

“And now you realize that I really have to do this. I can’t stay here with you. And Adora…”

I nodded. I got it, too.

“But I’m only a phone call away. You can dial me up anytime you need anything. Like, if you have questions about The Sky Launch, or if you want to hear my voice.”

I leaned against the desk, my hands gripping the edging. “Did he tell you who was taking your place?”

“He hinted. We both know it’s you.” He leveled his stare at me. “Come on, we knew it was coming the minute you started seeing him.”

“No, I didn’t know it was coming. I really didn’t.” My relationship with Hudson had been complicated from the beginning, surprising at every turn. Still, in my wildest dreams, I had never imagined his intention was to put the club in my hands. I would have been far less shocked if he’d wanted me stowed away in his penthouse, barefoot and pregnant. And that was a pretty shocking idea in itself.

“I’m not saying it’s unwarranted. You deserve to run the club. Truly.”

David’s sincerity was touching. It also made me all the more pissed at Hudson. Even though David was happy about the promotion, even though it probably was for the best that he moved on elsewhere, away from me—it still wasn’t right how the situation had been handled. I’d been lied to and misled.

I had to go confront him. I straightened, tugging my dress into place. “Hey, I just remembered that I need to stop and pick up the new sample menu design.”

“I thought Graphic Front was emailing it.”

My mind was so unsettled I couldn’t get my excuses right. “They are. I mean, they did.” I paused, gathering my thoughts. “I want to see it printed. Feel the weight and all that. Anyway, I’m not sure when I’ll be back.”

David smiled. “I’m really not the one you report to anymore.”

I looked away, hiding my wince.

“Hug it out?”

This time I didn’t decline. I stepped into his embrace, finding it warmer than I remembered. “Thank you, David. For everything.” I buried my head in his shoulder. I wasn’t going to cry—I was too mad for that—but I did feel a burst of affection.

I stepped back before he took it the wrong way, before I got swept away with the need to be comforted. “And congratulations. I’m glad things are working out for you.”

I texted Jordan to pick me up. Then I grabbed my bag and pulled all my rage and heartache inside myself, holding the emotions in the pit of my stomach. Saving them for Hudson.





Chapter Eighteen





When I stepped out of the elevator at Pierce Industries, I didn’t even stop to check in with Trish, Hudson’s secretary, before I rushed into his office.

“Ms. Withers!” Trish followed after me.

Hudson sat behind his sleek black desk, the phone cradled between his cheek and his shoulder with his fingers perched on his keyboard. He glanced first at me then behind me at Trish. “Hold on a moment, Landon,” he said into the receiver.

He pushed the hold button. “It’s okay, Patricia.”

I didn’t wait for the click of the door to shut behind Trish as she left. “Finish your phone call and meet me in the loft.” I was heading for the elevator at the back of the office. “And so you know, we’re gonna fight.”

The private elevator went to Hudson’s loft—the bachelor pad where he and I had spent many of our first sexual encounters. I hadn’t been back there since he’d invited me to the penthouse, and while I would have expected a rush of nostalgia, I felt nothing but betrayal and rage.

In the loft, I only had time to throw my bag on the couch before the elevator returned with Hudson. He stepped into the loft, located me pacing, and took a seat in an armchair, his attention completely focused on me.

I’d composed a hundred different things to say to him on the way to his office, but now that I was in front of him, my anger had me tongue-tied.

But Hudson was as calm and cool as ever. “He wasn’t supposed to tell you until we got back from Japan.”

He. Hudson wouldn’t even say David’s name. At least he wasn’t pretending he didn’t know what I was pissed about.

It didn’t make me any calmer. “Lucky for me, he’s a good friend. Also, I never agreed to go to Japan.”

“Touché.”

“What the fuck, Hudson?” My emotions were boiling inside of me, threatening to explode.

He crossed one leg over the other, resting his ankle on his knee. “I offered David an opportunity, and he took it.”

“You agreed we could discuss it further.”

“I agreed we could discuss the future management of The Sky Launch further, and we certainly will.”

He was so even, so in control—it only fueled my rage. “This was part of that!”

“You should have been more specific.” He didn’t even blink.

God, I wanted to throw something—anything. Instead I threw my words at him. “You knew what I meant. You knew how I felt and you went ahead and ignored everything I said. I thought you cared about me, but you obviously don’t, because that’s not how you treat someone that you’re in a relationship with.”

He put his leg on the floor and leaned forward, finally animated. “Yes, I did know how you felt. And you knew how I felt. You wanted me not to fire him, I wanted him gone. Offering him a job elsewhere—a promotion, mind you at my biggest club in the country—was, I thought, a pretty damn good compromise.”

There was logic to his words, and his offer had certainly made David happy. But that didn’t change that Hudson had made the offer without my knowledge, behind my back. “Compromises are supposed to involve both parties. You alone can’t arbitrarily decide what the compromise is.”

“I didn’t, really.” He leaned back again, resuming his composed exterior. “David did when he accepted the job. I had no idea that he’d agree when I asked him, and if he hadn’t, then I would have come back to you to find a suitable solution to our problem.”

“You should have talked to me before you even offered the job to him!”

“I took the opportunity when I saw it. You weren’t around to confer with.”

“Don’t even pretend you didn’t go to David today with every intention of making him that offer.” Hudson’s giddy mood that morning, his need to understand my change of heart the night before—he was feeling out the situation. I could see it clearly now. “I can’t believe you don’t see why this isn’t okay!”

I was yelling. I wished I wasn’t, wished I could be as controlled as he was. It definitely had a chilling effect. But that wasn’t me, I was emotional and riled up and all the turmoil I had inside was spewing all over the loft.

Hudson stood and stepped toward me, one brow raised. “Are you upset because you assume I want you to take David’s place?”

It was part of it, yes, but so much more than that. I turned my back to him, not knowing how to answer.

“I do want you to, of course, and I have full confidence that you would do an excellent job. But if you are unwilling, then I hope you will be instrumental in deciding who will take his place instead.” His hand settled on the nape of my neck.

I spun toward him, hitting his hand away. “Dammit, Hudson. I don’t want anyone to take his place. I want to work with David. David Lindt, that’s all.”

“You’re defending him with the passion of a lover, Alayna. You’re making it hard for me to believe there really is nothing between you.”

This new insult was the lowest. It stung so badly I went numb, no longer able to feel anything but cold, cold, cold.

“This is so manipulative, Hudson.” My voice was strained, but low and quiet. “Everything you’ve done and said to me today is a total mind game. I thought you were done with that. I don’t even know how to react. Which is probably exactly what you were going for, so guess what—mission fucking accomplished.”

He advanced toward me. “It is not fair for you to throw my past behaviors in my face every time you disagree with my actions. I am in no way trying to manipulate you to do or feel anything. I’m merely staying committed to my plan—to you, Alayna. Everything I’ve done has been to protect our relationship and our future. That is all.”

“Really? Because right now the future of our relationship feels pretty vulnerable, if you ask me.” It was downright cold—as cold as I felt at the moment, but even seeing his face fall as if I’d struck him, I didn’t wish I could take it back. I only wished it not to be true.

He reached for me again, but I sidestepped him, putting my hands out in front of me as a barrier. “Don’t even come near me. You try to solve all our problems with sex, and this time is not going to be one of them.”

He ran his hands through his hair. “I do not try to solve our problems with sex. I simply recognize that when we’re fighting, the physical connection puts us back in tune with each other.”

“You mean it makes me easier to manage.” He opened his mouth—to protest, most likely—but I spoke on before he could say anything. “I can’t deal with this right now. I have to go.”

I nabbed my bag off the sofa and headed to the main door. He tried to catch me as I walked past him, but I slipped from his grasp.

He didn’t try again. “Alayna, do not leave things like this.”

“Right now the last thing I want to hear is you telling me what to do.”

“Alayna, please—” The ache, the pleading in his voice—it wrecked me.

But I needed time.

I paused, my hand on the doorknob, not looking at him. If I looked at him, I was afraid I’d fall into his arms. I needed to be in a place where I could think clearly. And his arms was not that place. “I’ll be at the penthouse later. That’s all I can give you. Right now, I need some space.”

The ball in his throat was so tight, I heard him swallow. “Fair enough.”

Then I was gone.





I knew before the elevator doors closed that I wanted to talk to Celia. I’d been blindsided, Hudson’s behavior baffling me so completely, twisting me in knots. I didn’t have the experience with him to sort it out. I desperately needed insight.

She didn’t answer on her first ring so I did the hang-up and return call thing several times. In the midst of my fourth redial, my phone buzzed.

“Did you get my text? I’ll be at the Waldorf this afternoon. Need to see you.”

Goddamn Brian. I hadn’t responded to his earlier message. How fitting was it that I had to deal with him today of all days?

“Text me when you’re in. I’ll come by.”

I pushed Send then tried Celia again. This time she answered right away. “Hey, it’s Laynie. Are you busy?”

“Uh, sort of. What’s up?”

“I, um, need to talk.” My voice cracked.

“Oh, no! What’s wrong? You sound like you’ve been crying.”

I hadn’t been crying—I was crying. “I’d rather talk in person. Are you free to meet up?”

The elevator doors opened in the lobby of Pierce Industries. Dammit. Now I was surrounded by people. I hid my hair over my face, wishing I had my sunglasses, and hurried to the main doors.

“I could do later. Like, this afternoon. Would that work?”

“I don’t know.” I couldn’t comprehend the next fifteen minutes, let alone hours ahead of now. “Let me think. I have to see my brother. Sometime this afternoon. Even though I don’t want to. I don’t know.” I was repeating myself, my mind a fog.

I stepped out onto the street and walked until the glass doors turned into wall. I slumped against the brick. “I’m not really able to make any decisions right now.”

“Okay, I get it. You’re upset.” Celia seemed distracted as she spoke. “You said your brother’s in town? Brian? Is he staying with you at the penthouse?”

“God, no. The Waldorf. It’s Brian’s favorite place in the world.”

“I’m doing a design install in the foyer at Fit Nation on Fifty-First. There’s a coffee shop next door. How about we meet there around two? You’ll be close to the Waldorf, as well.”

Even though it was hours away, I felt better. Not great, but better. “Perfect. Thank you, Celia.”

“Anytime.”

I glanced at the digital clock before pocketing my phone. It was a little after nine. It felt like I’d packed a whole day into a short morning. Whatever I would do for the next few hours was beyond me.

“Ms. Withers?”

I looked up to find Jordan standing at the curb with the Maybach.

“Mr. Pierce suggested I drive you somewhere. To the penthouse or the club, perhaps?”

That was Hudson. Always looking out for me, even when I wanted nothing of the sort. It was actually a relief to have Jordan there. I’d been so muddled that I hadn’t thought to text him for a ride.

With a reluctant gratefulness, I climbed into the back seat. “I don’t want to be at the penthouse. The club, I suppose.”

I spent the rest of the morning shuffling papers around in the office and staring at the blinking cursor on my laptop. I couldn’t seem to get my mind to concentrate on anything. In the past when I felt stressed and unsettled, I resorted to old habits, fell into obsessive behaviors. Those patterns calmed and relaxed me with their compulsive nature. But instead of feeling the need to act, I felt the need to shut down—curl up in a ball and sleep until I felt nothing.

Fuck, I was screwed up. Still. I’d felt cured with Hudson, but I still didn’t know how to handle emotions. I didn’t know what normal people did when they hurt. I regretted missing my group session the day before. I needed it now.

Or at least I needed Lauren—my favorite group leader.

In the evenings, Lauren volunteered to lead Addicts Anonymous and some other groups at a Unitarian church nearby. I’d attended faithfully for years, only recently slipping into a part-time goer. But I hadn’t found Lauren at Addicts Anonymous. I’d originally met her at Stanton Addiction Center, a rehab facility where she worked as a counselor during the day. I’d been a patient for a short time after I’d violated my restraining order with Paul. Brian, decent lawyer that he was, had been able to negotiate that instead of jail time.

It was a quarter to noon. If I hurried, I could probably catch her on her lunch break.

I texted Jordan and within twenty minutes I’d made it to the center.

I checked in at the front desk and got a pass to the staff wing. After finding Lauren’s office dark, I went to the lunchroom for employees and spotted her with a group of orderlies laughing around the pop vending machine.

“Hey, girl.” She stepped away from her friends when she saw me to give me a hug. “I was disappointed when I didn’t see you yesterday at group.”

I smiled tensely, eager to get her alone. “Sorry about that. Stuff came up.”

“The fact that you sought me out here leads me to believe that it wasn’t good stuff.”

“Some of it was. Very good stuff. And some of it definitely not good stuff.” I glanced toward an empty table in the back of the room. “Do you have time to talk?”

She held up the brown paper bag she’d been clutching. “As long as you don’t mind me chowing down while you do.”

“Chow away.”

I didn’t talk until we were seated at the table. Then, I filled Lauren in on the highlights of the past week—the shift in my relationship with Hudson, moving into the penthouse, seeing Paul again, the secrets I’d kept, and finally, what Hudson had done regarding David. I was quick about it, knowing that Lauren’s lunch was only an hour. When I was done, I felt worn out, like I’d been throwing up for the last thirty-five minutes.

Lauren took a napkin and wiped her mouth, her lunch long finished now. “Well, that’s quite a week of events. What have you learned by saying all of that out loud?”

This was one of her favorite therapy techniques—turning a venting session into an opportunity for self-examination. “I don’t know.” I was out of practice at this. I took a deep breath and thought a moment. “I see my culpability in Hudson’s betrayal. I kept secrets from him first.” It was difficult to admit, but crucial. How could I expect him to think that being honest and upfront was a must for me? I certainly hadn’t demonstrated the same to him.

“Very good. What else?”

God, wasn’t that one enough? I searched for more. “I’ve realized I don’t know how to handle my feelings. I used to cling and obsess when I felt off. What am I supposed to do instead?”

“Exactly what you’re doing. You deal with them constructively.” Lauren sat forward, her hands clasped on the table in front of her. “Listen, honey, being healthy doesn’t mean you don’t feel things anymore. You will always feel things—good and bad, depending on the day, depending on the minute. That’s called life. Being healthy is talking your emotions out, writing them down, realizing that you don’t have to do anything to change them. Sometimes you just have to ride them out.”

“Well, that sucks.”

“Doesn’t it?” She sat back in her chair. “There’s something else I want to point out that I don’t know if you’re seeing.”

Lauren usually avoided highlighting issues that her clients hadn’t stumbled onto themselves. She believed that if someone couldn’t yet see the forest, then they weren’t ready to deal with it. If she was pointing it out to me, it had to be vital. I wrung my hands in my lap. “What’s that?”

“Hudson—I don’t know him personally, but his behavior sounds familiar.”

For a minute I wondered if she’d encountered him at some point in therapy of his own. I knew barely anything about his treatment programs. I guessed it was possible.

But then I realized what Lauren was getting at. I felt the blood rush from my face. “You mean, he sounds like me. Like me in the past.”

“Jealous, manipulative, deceitful.” She ticked them off on her fingers, one horrible adjective per digit.

Hearing the words on her lips made my gut clench. “He’s really not like that. You’re making him sound worse than he is.” Reducing Hudson to such vile behavior was wrong. He was so much more.

“I’m not making him sound like anything. Those are attributes you used to use to describe yourself in therapy.” Lauren cocked her head. “Why do you think you were that way?”

A wave of memories cloaked me, things I’d rather not remember about myself, emotions I’d felt, motives for my behaviors. I always hated wading through the remembering to get to the learning. It made me nauseous and light-headed.

I closed my eyes to ground myself. “Because I felt unloved. Because I was desperate to get the guy I wanted. Because I didn’t think there was any other way to get noticed.”

“Do you think those might be the same reasons Hudson’s done what he’s done?”

I opened my eyes. His words from earlier replayed in my head. I’m merely staying committed to my plan—to you, Alayna. Everything I’ve done has been to protect our relationship and our future.

I had no doubt that he’d meant it. That he honestly believed he was doing what was best for us. It wasn’t the right action, but his intent was decent. Moving, in fact. Was that a good enough excuse for what he’d done?

Lauren read my thoughts. “Look, I’m not validating his behavior. Or yours. It sounds like you both have a lot of work to do before you know how to function together. I’m simply giving you some perspective. It seems you’ve been able to connect with each other because you both come from similar places. Maybe you should use that experience to understand where he’s coming from. It’s a start, anyway.”

My lips drew into a frown. “So what—do I just forgive him?”

“No. You could walk away.” She said it so easily, as if the task would be no big deal.

Leaving Hudson—I couldn’t even entertain the idea. It would destroy me.

Lauren studied me. “You probably should walk away. But I’m sensing that’s not in your plans.”

“No, I don’t want to leave him. And it kills me that right now he probably thinks I’m doing exactly that.”

She smiled. “Then there’s going to have to be forgiveness. It doesn’t have to be unconditional, though. Tell him you understand him. Thank him for his good intentions. Then explain to him what will happen if he does anything like that again.”

“That doesn’t sound too horrible.” Actually, it sounded like heaven compared to losing him altogether.

“Understand, though, that you’ll have to be able to back up anything you say. If you say you’ll leave him if he does it again, then you need to leave him.”

“I don’t want to think about that.”

She winked at me. “I’m sure you don’t. Also, he could put conditions on you. If he finds out you’re keeping more secrets, for example. He could walk.”

“Guess I better come clean on everything to him before any conditions are delivered.” I had to tell him I’d been meeting with Celia behind his back. Honestly, it was the lightest of the secrets I had carried and I had little doubt that he’d forgive me for it. Still, the air needed to be cleared completely.

Lauren’s brows rose. “You have more you aren’t telling him?”

“I know, I know. Don’t look at me like that.” I rolled my eyes, knowing how bad my situation looked. “You think we’re both fifty shades of fucked up, don’t you?”

“Nah, not that bad. Maybe twenty-five shades.”

I laughed, and she joined me. Damn, that felt good—to laugh and relax. I needed to find a way to do it more often.

Lauren stood, and I knew it was time to part. I hugged her and thanked her and promised her I’d be at group the following Monday. Then I left.

After talking to Lauren, I no longer felt the need to see Celia. I tried to call her to cancel, but even after several attempts, she didn’t answer. That was fine. I’d use our coffee date to tell her that I was going to come clean to Hudson. I might as well give her a heads up.

I got to the coffee shop ten minutes early, but half an hour later, Celia hadn’t shown up. I called her several times, texted her, but got no response. I waited another thirty minutes then decided to pop my head in at Fit Nation. She’d said she was working there—maybe she’d gotten caught up.

Inside, I headed straight to the welcome desk. “Hi, I’m looking for Celia Werner. She’s supposed to be doing some design work here. Have you seen her?”

The man who greeted me was about my age and built like a weight lifter. “I know Celia.” His eyes brightened as if he had a bit of a crush. Hell, she was a knockout. Probably all men reacted that way to her. “She hasn’t been by at all today, though.”

“Are you sure?” She’d specifically told me she’d be working there that day.

“Positive.”

“Huh.” A chill ran through me. Considering how little I really knew Celia, I didn’t have any reason to jump to worrisome conclusions. Maybe she did this often—flaked out on her jobs and her appointments. Maybe something had come up. I didn’t know anything about her personal life. But something about the situation was unsettling. Something I couldn’t quite put my finger on.

I left my number at the desk in case she stopped by later. Then I shook off thoughts of Celia and prepared myself for cleaning up my shit storm.

When Jordan picked me up, this time I was ready. “Take me to The Bowery.” It was almost three. I could send someone to take my key to Brian whenever he texted. I’d have plenty of time to pack my bags for Japan and gather my thoughts before Hudson came home. Then we’d talk, heart-to-heart, everything on the line. If he said the wrong things, I could still back out of the trip. But he needed to know that I was committed to our relationship too. He needed to know I was all in.

Except when I got there, the penthouse wasn’t empty like I’d expected. Heated conversation hit my ears the minute I stepped into the vestibule. My stomach twisted as I recognized who the voices belonged to—Hudson. And Celia.





Chapter Nineteen





I found them in the living room, standing so close to each other they would only have to lean in a little to kiss. I could only see Hudson’s face clearly from my angle, and he didn’t look about to make-out—he looked about to strangle.

A fireball mixed of jealousy, hurt and confusion sparked through my body. And betrayal. We’d vowed to not see Celia without one another. I’d betrayed him too in that department. Served me right to get a taste of what that felt like. It felt like shit.

“Why would Celia make it up?”

I’d been too wrapped up in the scene in front of me to realize Celia and Hudson weren’t alone. The voice that pulled my attention belonged to Sophia. Sitting next to her on the couch was Brian—shit! And Jack was at the window, his back to the room.

What. The. Fuck.

“Because that’s what she does.” Jack turned from the window. “Ah, and many of these questions can now be settled because the subject at hand has arrived.”

All eyes in the room turned toward me.

I addressed my question to Hudson alone. “What’s going on?”

“Alayna—” His voice was as tense as his body, but a flicker of light passed through his eyes at seeing me.

Celia stepped in my sight line, her expression hard. “I’ve told them. They know.”

“Celia, stop it,” Jack said.

“Know what?” The hairs on my arms stood on end, the electricity in the air prickling all around us.

No one answered.

Jack looked around incredulously. “Are you going to tell her, Celia? It’s only fair for her to hear it from the horse’s mouth.”

Sophia’s jaw dropped. “Are you calling Celia a horse?”

“Dammit, Laynie. I knew this was going to happen. I knew it.” Brian stood and began pacing.

“Shut up, Brian.” I took a step into the room. “What is going on?”

Celia exchanged glances with Sophia. “You need help, Laynie.” Celia took Sophia’s outstretched hand for support. “I want you to know, I’m not mad at you and I don’t blame you for anything—”

“What the fuck are you talking about?” While I still did not understand the situation, there was one thing that was suddenly clear—this was an intervention. An intervention for me.

“Fine.” Jack crossed the room to me. “Since you aren’t going to explain, then I’ll do it. Laynie, you know I love seeing you. I’m sorry it’s under these ludicrous circumstances.” He put his hands on my upper arms and even across the room, I felt Hudson bristle.

“Celia showed up at our house this morning throwing a hissy fit with these outrageous claims about you. Then she called Hudson and your brother here,” Jack paused to glance toward Brian, “and arranged for this whole extravaganza. Good thing I was around so I could come along and try to pound some sense into these people who are listening to her.” At the end of his speech he turned to the others, his voice and body animated.

“What is she saying about me?” In my bones I knew the answer without hearing it, but I held my breath, hoping to hell that I was wrong.

“That you’ve been harassing her.”

My knees buckled and Jack helped me into the armchair. “Oh my god.” My mouth tasted sour as I swallowed down bile. “Oh my god.”

Celia held up her cell phone. “I have the proof. She’s called several times and hung up. It’s on my call log.”

Click. Now it made sense—the reason she’d told me to call repeatedly, why she’d played with my phone at A Voce. She’d wanted the phone record. She’d played me. My head throbbed with the realization.

“Laynie?”

I looked to Brian, who had his arms crossed, waiting for an explanation.

Oh, how many times had I seen that look on my brother’s face? How many times did I promise that I would never hurt him like that again? Though I’d kept my vow, here he was with that same expression. It was unbearable.

I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “I did. But only because she told me to call her over and over.”

“That’s ridiculous,” Celia scoffed. “Why would I ask her to do that?”

“She said her phone wasn’t working.” It sounded ridiculous even to my own ears. “She said that if I wanted to get a hold of her I should keep calling until she answered.”

Celia didn’t let anyone have a chance to acknowledge my excuse. “She also followed me around town, to jobs I’ve been working. I’ve been working at Fit Nation and my bodyguard saw her at the coffee shop there today, alone, for nearly an hour. And when I called to check in, she’d left a message for me.”

“She set me up.” I said it to myself more than anyone else. “Stupid, stupid, stupid.” Mira had warned me about her. And Stacy from the boutique. Even Hudson had said I shouldn’t hang around with Celia. I hadn’t listened. So stupid.

“And the staff at A Voce can confirm that Alayna just walked up and joined me when I was about to have lunch the other day.”

“What, did you pay them off?” I spit the words out.

“I didn’t have to. It’s the truth.”

Our lunch that day had been uneventful. If she hadn’t paid them, then she’d probably told the hostess she was dining alone. Then when I showed up, it looked like I was invading her lunch. And I’d left before her—she could have cornered the waitress and complained about me, setting the scene for them another way.

Jack perched on the arm of my chair. “And what did you do, Celia? Did you notify security?”

“I didn’t want to be rude.” Her blue eyes sparkled. She was enjoying this game of hers. Was this whole thing a ploy to get Hudson by getting rid of me? Or was it revenge for the con he’d pulled on her years ago?

Or—the worst thought of all—had she learned manipulation from him? Had they played these games together?

I looked to Hudson. He’d said nothing since he called my name when I first arrived, his face steel, no emotion showing. I couldn’t tell whose side he was on. And that worried me—he should be on my side, shouldn’t he? Automatically?

“It’s bullshit.” I spoke to Hudson alone, not caring who else believed me. “She’s lying. We were having lunch together. She invited me.”

“She also harassed me in the restroom,” Celia said. “On your birthday, Sophia.”

“I did not!”

Celia put a hand on Hudson’s arm. “I told you that night, remember?”

“I don’t need a reminder.” He pulled his arm away from Celia’s grasp and my heart buoyed with the small victory.

She pretended his rejection didn’t faze her, turning to Sophia, her ally. “He refused to believe me then too.”

“He’s blinded by the sex,” Sophia said. “It’s not real.”

I ignored Sophia. “She told you I harassed her?” I tried to meet Hudson’s eyes, but he kept them fixed on the floor.

I thought back to the night of Sophia’s birthday, how Celia had been talking to Hudson when I left the bathroom. He’d been withdrawn afterward. Was this the reason why? Because she’d accused me of harassment? “Why didn’t you say anything to me, Hudson?”

He didn’t answer, but I could think of a reason he hadn’t told me—because I hadn’t said anything to him. God, the secrets we’d kept. Now they could undo us.

My stomach flipped as if I was going to throw up. “She approached me in the bathroom. I went in first, remember? And there was no harassing.” I snapped my fingers, suddenly remembering I had proof of the real conversation we’d had. “Mira was in a stall at the time! She’ll back me up.”

Celia’s face faltered for only half a second. “Mira’s always hated me. She’d lie to get me out of the picture.”

Jack chortled. “God, Celia, now you’re dragging Mira into this? How low will you go?”

Sophia scowled at her husband. “Stop attacking the victim.”

“Oh, Celia is anything but a victim.” Jack’s tone held a wealth of subtext. He obviously had his own issues with the Werner girl. On another occasion, I’d be itching to know what that was about.

Celia sighed—the kind of sigh that was for nothing but attention. “Please, don’t think of me as a victim, Sophia. I’m not complaining. I’m really not. I’m just…scared.” She wrung her hands in front of her. “I suppose it’s my fault. I stopped by the club one day—I was in the neighborhood and thought I’d be friendly. She asked me to coffee. I went, but I regret it now. That seems to have been the trigger point. She begged me not to tell you we’d met up.” She turned again to Hudson. “I should have told you immediately. I’m sorry.”

My only consolation at the moment was that Hudson refused to meet her eyes as well.

“This is ridiculous. You’re the one who suggested I didn’t tell Hudson.” Why was I even giving Celia the satisfaction of addressing her? “She’s twisting everything!”

Hudson stepped away, looking out across the room toward the windows.

Celia followed after him, putting a hand on his shoulder. Again he flinched away.

She straightened her spine. “I don’t know if you know this, Hudson, but when I talked to her that day, she was obsessing over some guy from the past—Paul something or other. She was trying to set up a deal with his company so she could be close to him.”

Rage spread through me like wildfire. “You fucking bitch.”

Jack put his hand over mine, trying to calm me.

Celia stepped closer to Hudson. “I’m only here because I’m worried Laynie won’t get the help she needs. You have to help her, Huds.”

All I could see was red. “The only help I need is a cleanup crew for after I destroy your pretty face.” I lurched from my chair. Immediately Jack and Brian were at my sides, holding me back.

“Laynie!” Brian admonished.

Jack was more soothing. “Stay calm. Getting violent isn’t going to fix anything, even though it might feel good.”

“Do you hear her, Hudson?” Sophia stood and faced her son’s back. “She threatened Celia. In front of everyone.”

“Mother, stay out of this.”

I held on to Hudson’s words like a lifeline.

“Hudson, you have to get rid of her. She’s dangerous. Celia tells me she has a record. Why on earth would you let her into your life when you knew these things about her?”

“Shut up, Mother.” Hudson spun, brushing past both women. He stopped in the center of the room, finally looking at me.

I clung to his eyes with mine, trying to get my balance as the world tilted around me. I couldn’t read everything in his expression, but I could see definitively the one thing he’d told me so many times—I’m with you.

Sophia’s voice sounded muffled and far away as I remained in the safety of Hudson’s gaze. “It makes sense why she’d be obsessed with Celia. She knows you belong together, Hudson, and she’s jealous. Celia was pregnant with your baby. She can’t compete with that, no matter—”

Jack let go of my arm. “Aw, shut the fuck up, Sophia. It wasn’t even Hudson’s baby. It was mine, you ignorant bitch.”

Then my connection with Hudson was lost as all hell broke loose.

Celia’s skin went ashen.

Hudson’s face blazed with anger. “Goddammit, Jack.”

If I hadn’t been so dizzy from the accusations that had occurred before, then I would have been more of a participant in the scene. Instead, I was frozen, watching in horror as the secret unfolded at lightning speed.

“It’s my business to tell,” Jack said, “and I’m tired of this lingering lie.”

“It wasn’t a lie we told for you,” Hudson said.

“I never thought it was. It was to protect Celia’s ass. And I’m sure some of it was you protecting your mother’s feelings. Heaven knows why you care about how she feels when she obviously cares nothing for how you feel.”

“I don’t understand.” Sophia sank into the sofa.

It was Celia’s turn to be comforter. She sat next to Hudson’s mother. “Sophia, I’m so sorry. It was a mistake. I was drunk. It was a long time ago.”

Jack laughed. “You weren’t that drunk. And I know what you’re all thinking, but she seduced me, not the other way around.”

“Your baby wasn’t Hudson’s?” Sophia didn’t want to believe it. I could hear it in her tone.

Celia continued to plead for forgiveness.

Jack headed to the bar and began making a drink as he spoke to no one in particular. “Hudson stepped up because he knew her father would freak about the age difference, though Warren’s had some pretty young little mistresses himself. Granted, it’s different when it’s your daughter. Anyway, Hudson said he felt responsible for some reason or another. Never could figure that one out.”

He turned to face the room, glass in one hand, decanter in the other. “But I’ll tell you what, and I can’t prove any of this, but I’d bet my life that the whole thing was a set-up. She knew Hudson would claim that baby. That’s the only reason she came knocking on my door to begin with. To trap him.”

“That’s low, Jack,” Celia seethed.

“You’re one to talk.” I said it under my breath, not wanting to draw attention to myself.

She caught my words anyway. “Let’s not forget why we’re here. Not to discuss the past but to discuss Laynie’s future.”

“I think that topic is on hold for the moment.” Jack brought the glass of amber liquid to his wife.

Sophia took it from him, her hand shaking. “You and…Celia?”

“Don’t act so surprised. We haven’t been faithful to each other for years.”

Sophia took a long swallow of her drink. Then she stood and threw the rest of it in Jack’s face. “You coldhearted asshole. I’ve always been faithful.”

Jack wiped bourbon from his eyes. “One word for you sweetheart—Chandler.”

“Chandler is yours. I don’t know why he doesn’t look like you. I’ll get a blood test to prove it if you want me to. And despite the myriad of affairs you’ve had over the years, I would never have thought you’d stoop so low to sleep with your son’s girlfriend.”

“She was never my girlfriend!” Hudson said at the same time his father said, “She was never his girlfriend!”

The scene had moved from shocking to uncomfortable.

Brian sidled up next to me. “Wow. This family is fucked up.”

It was strangely comical, those words coming from my brother’s lips. Our own family with our alcoholic father and distant mother and me—the sister with a mental disorder—had always seemed the definition of fucked up. The Pierces, though, made us look like the Brady Bunch.

I gave Brian a wry smile. “Tell me about it.”

Totally fucked up. And why I was still there was beyond me.

So I left.

My hands shook the entire ride down the elevator. I didn’t know where I was going, only that I had to go. Hudson and I could work things out later when it was only the two of us. There was so much to sort through, but I knew in my heart of hearts that we were okay, that we were as connected as our eyes had been when we stood in the living room with chaos surrounding us.

I paused in the middle of the lobby, wondering if I should call Jordan for a ride. But where would I even go?

“Alayna!” Hudson called after me. He must have taken the other elevator down.

He’d noticed I was gone. It warmed some of the chill that had settled over me.

“Why did you leave?” he asked when he reached me.

“Isn’t it obvious? That was a madhouse and I didn’t want to be there anymore.”

“Yes, that it was.”

“I, um…” There was so much to say, but only one thing important to me—to us. “Why didn’t you defend me up there? Are you that mad about the David situation? It’s me supposed to be mad at you, remember?”

He met me with silence.

“Wait—” The truth burned into me with sickening certainty. “You believe her.”

His jaw twitched.

“Hudson?”

I’d thought—when our eyes had met, when we’d connected—I’d thought it had meant he was on my side. I’d been wrong. And it was like a knife to the gut.

Hudson put his hands on my arms, echoing the way his father had grasped me not fifteen minutes before. His touch felt…wrong. Cold where it was usually warm.

“I believe in you.” His voice was soft. “And whatever you need, I want to give it to you. If you need help—”

“Oh, my god, I can’t believe this.” I backed out of his grip. “I can’t fucking believe this.”

Hudson clenched and unclenched his fists. “Tell me that you didn’t do it. Tell me you didn’t call her. Tell me you didn’t see her.”

But I couldn’t say that. I had called her. I had seen her. Even when I promised I wouldn’t. It was only my motive that was debatable and I couldn’t prove it.

I shook my head. “It’s not how it looks, Hudson. I didn’t stalk her or harass her or whatever she’s claiming.” I could go into details, explain everything. But it came down to the simple fact that either he believed me or he didn’t. “Are you on her side or mine?”

“I’m on your side. Always, your side.”

“Then you believe me?”

He stuck his hands in the pockets of his suit pants. “Did you call her?”

“Yes! I said I did upstairs!” I didn’t care that I was loud, didn’t care that the doorman was watching us. I pulled my phone from my bra and held it out toward him. “Here, you want to see? Take it! You’ll see all the times I called her since that’s what you seem to be concerned with.”

He ignored my outstretched hand. “I don’t want proof. I want to help you.”

“I don’t fucking need any help!” I threw my phone across the lobby floor. It shattered against the wall.

For three seconds, I stared at the mess. It occurred to me that was happening inside me. My heart was shattering into a dozen pieces. So much for being able to let go of my past. It would always come back to haunt me.

I turned and ran—ran across the lobby and out the front door.

Hudson was right behind me. “Alayna, come back here.”

I kept running but I was no match for him, especially when I was wearing heels. He reached me before I’d passed the edge of the building, grabbing me at my wrist. “I’ll cancel my trip. We’ll find the best treatment—”

“I’m not sick.” I yanked my arm from his hold. “Go to Japan, Hudson. I don’t want to see you.”

“I’m not going to Japan now.” He was smooth, in control. Like always.

I began walking away. “Go to Japan,” I called over my shoulder. “I don’t want to see you for a while, if not ever. Got it? If you’re at the penthouse when I get home, I’ll find somewhere else to sleep and I don’t mean for just one night.”

He didn’t follow me. I couldn’t decide if that made things better or worse.

Better, probably. Because every part of me was in deep pain. And that kind of ache can only be suffered alone.





I rode the subway for a long time. I was lucky to get a seat before the rush hour crowd hit, and I stayed planted there on the E line all the way down to the World Trade Center. After a while, I switched to the A line and eventually ended up at Columbus Circle out of habit. I didn’t go to The Sky Launch though. I wandered over to the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center and caught a foreign film. When it was over, I snuck into the next showing. Still, after having viewed it twice, I had no idea what I’d seen. My head—and heart—were too muddled for the subtitles.

I didn’t get back to The Bowery until after midnight. With my phone broken, I was out of touch. There was no way of knowing what I’d find there. Part of me hoped Hudson ignored me, that he’d be there waiting for me. But then I remembered what Lauren said about being willing to stand behind my conditions. If he was there, I’d have to leave, and as twisted and broken as I feared our relationship was, I wasn’t able to do that.

The penthouse was dark, the place quiet except for the sound of the grandfather clock. It felt so much like the first time I’d come in there in the middle of the night, except then things were new and the trepidation I had was fused with excitement. Now, I felt numb and empty. I knew without looking around that Hudson wasn’t there.

I made it halfway down the hall to the master bedroom when a light flipped on in the guest room.

“Laynie, is that you?”

It took several seconds to recover from the minor heart attack Brian had given me. “Yeah, it’s me.”

My brother came to the guest bedroom doorway wearing a white t-shirt and striped pajama bottoms. “Awesome. Are you okay?”

That was the question of the year. “I guess so.” I slumped against the wall and tilted my head. “What are you doing here?”

“Hudson said he had to go on some business trip, but he didn’t want to leave you alone. So he had some guy pick up my stuff from the Waldorf and moved me in.” He leaned his shoulder on the door frame. “I hope you don’t mind that I’m here.”

“I’m actually kind of glad.” The words were out of my mouth before I realized I meant them. Having someone else around helped lessen the emptiness. And it warmed me that it had been Hudson who’d arranged it. Even with everything that had gone down I was still on his radar.

Brian crossed his arms over his chest. “Personally, I think he should have canceled his trip.”

“He probably should have. But I told him not to.” I slid down to the floor, too exhausted to stand anymore, but needing to get more information from my brother. “Anything interesting happen after I left?”

Brian moved out of the doorway and sat down on the floor across from me. “Not really. More of the same. Accusations and liquor. You know, a typical family party.”

He said it all tongue-in-cheek, but that was exactly what our family parties had been like growing up. At least, the liquor part. There was always lots of liquor.

“Hudson’s mother’s an alcoholic.” I wasn’t sure Brian had figured that out.

“Yeah, I picked up on that. She has that weird yellow skin thing that Dad had. And she was shaky when I first met her. Does she acknowledge it?”

“No. No one does. She’s a different drunk than Dad was, though.” Our dad had been a happy drunk. He’d talk too loud and laugh a lot. When we’d been little, we’d thought it was fun. It took growing older to realize what his antics did to our mother.

“How so?”

“She’s mean. Hateful. Vindictive. Bitter.” I paused. “Did I say mean?” I rubbed my hand over my eyes. “God, this baby thing is probably killing her.”

“Right? What a way to find out your husband cheated on you.”

“Not even because of that. Jack’s infidelity is old news. That he was with Celia is a surprise. I thought he had better taste than that.” Maybe that was why Hudson hated it when his father touched me. He was afraid Jack was after me, too. If Hudson had only told me the truth about Celia and his father, I could have tried harder to…

I let the thought die. It was no good thinking about the things Hudson hid from me. It only led back to the things I’d hidden from him. If we’d both been honest from the beginning, maybe we wouldn’t be in the mess we were in now.

“Anyway, I meant because Sophia was so set on that pregnancy being evidence of why Celia and Hudson should be together. Like, she brings it up all the time. Nearly ten years later, she’s still pining over this miscarriage. For this match that didn’t happen.”

Brian chewed on his lip, something he always did when he was concentrating. “You know what I think? I think she knew all the time that there’d been something between Celia and Jack. You know how you just know things like that sometimes. She probably thought if Celia was with Hudson, then maybe somehow that would punish Jack or maybe even help her win him back or something. It’s obvious she loves the guy.”

I leaned my head back against the wall. “That’s very insightful. You actually make me feel kind of sorry for the lady.” I scowled. “Stop it. I prefer hating her.”

Brian laughed and I felt lighter with the sound. It was good to hear him be something besides angry. He was like Sophia in so many ways. Hardened because of the things life had dealt him. He was the one I felt bad for. “I’m really sorry you got dragged into all of this.”

He nodded in acceptance of my apology. “I’m really sorry I haven’t been here for you.” He kept his eyes on his hands, his fingers playing with the drawstring to his PJs. “I guess I was wrong to cut you off like I did. It didn’t help you like I thought it would.”

“I hate to say this, but it was probably the best thing you could have ever done for me.” Funny thing about 20/20 hindsight. “Despite how it looks at the moment, I’ve been doing pretty well.”

“That’s exactly how it looks. Good job, good boyfriend…” He met my eyes. “I know you didn’t do those things that Celia says you did.”

My brows rose. “You do? How?”

Brian gave me a no-nonsense look. “First of all, calling and hanging up? That’s so not your style. You’re much more creative than that.”

I smiled genuinely at the strange compliment.

“Second, you’ve never messed with women. And, third, no matter what shit you’ve pulled, you’ve never denied it. That was one reliable thing about you—you were always willing to admit your mistakes. Plus, you look…good. You’ve never looked this good before. Not since they died, anyway.”

It was the look of feeling loved. That was the change in me. I wondered how long it would last. “Thank you, Brian. It means a lot to hear you say that.” More than he could possibly know.

But just because Brian believed me didn’t mean I was out of trouble. “So what do I do now, Mr. Lawyer?”

“About Celia Werner? Nothing. She doesn’t have anything to press charges for and she says she’s not pursuing a restraining order.”

“Because a restraining order would keep her from Hudson too.” I frowned. “As long as he’s with me, that is.”

“Is that why she’s saying all this stuff about you? Is she in love with him?” His question was tentative, as if he were afraid the subject would hurt me.

“Maybe. I’m not sure if she’s in love with him or if she wants to mess with him. People warned me not to trust her. It makes me wonder if she has a rep for doing shit like this. I’m not sure.”

“All I can suggest is to stay away from her now.”

“No kidding.” Actually, Celia’s scam had me wondering about her and Hudson in a different way. It couldn’t be entirely coincidental that they were friends and both of them had instances of manipulating people. More and more I believed they’d played their games together—as partners or as competitors, I didn’t know. And I wasn’t sure I wanted to find out.

“Oh.” Out of the blue I remembered what Brian was in town for to begin with. I dug into the purse still hanging loosely on my shoulder and found my old apartment key. “I need to give you this.” I held it up for him.

He leaned forward but stopped before he took it from me. “You sure you don’t want to keep it? I could sign another year lease. In case things don’t work out here.”

“Which is very possible at this point.” I flipped the key along its ring. It felt heavier than it should, and I wanted it out of my hands. At the same time, I had to be smart.

Brian studied me. “I told him, you know. Hudson. That I knew you didn’t stalk that girl.”

My eyes met his. “What did he say?”

“Nothing. He’s a very hard man to read.”

I let out the breath I’d been holding. “Yes, he is.” What had I expected? For Brian to convince Hudson of the truth and that everything would now be hunky-dory? Even if Brian had changed Hudson’s mind, would I be able to forgive Hudson for not believing me when I said I didn’t do it? Lauren had said that if I wanted to stay with him, there would have to be forgiveness. How much could I forgive?

In that painful moment, when I wanted Hudson back so bad that every fiber of my being ached with longing, I would have forgiven anything and everything. And that wasn’t necessarily the best thing for me.

Good thing he was out of the country. Hopefully I’d be stronger by the time he returned.

I leaned forward and dropped the key in Brian’s palm. “No. I don’t want another lease. I don’t want you taking care of me anymore. It’s time for me to do it myself. If things don’t work out here—” My voice caught and I had to swallow before I could go on. “I’ll have to get something cheaper. Which is fine. I could find some place closer to the subway. Maybe I’ll get a roommate or something.”

Brian nodded. He could tell that moving wasn’t what I wanted, but there wasn’t any point discussing it. What mattered was that I had options. I’d be okay.

We sat in comfortable silence for several minutes, before I got the strength to try to make it to bed. “I’m gonna go collapse now.”

Brian stood first and held his hand out to help me up.

“Goodnight, Bri.”

I was at the end of the hall when Brian called after me.

“Yeah?” I turned to look at him.

“Let’s not be like them, okay?”

He didn’t have to specify for me to know exactly what he meant. “You mean the hateful, spiteful, backstabbing family thing isn’t appealing to you?”

“Not really.”

I stared at him in the dim light. He seemed younger than usual, more boyish than I tended to think of him. A week before, I thought he was out of my life. Now he was asking not to be.

My smile was weak but sincere. “Then it’s settled. We won’t be like them.”

Without even undressing, I fell onto the much too large, much too lonely bed. Burying my sobs in the pillow that smelled the most like Hudson, I cried until dawn when sleep finally swallowed me in its welcome black void.





Chapter Twenty





When I stumbled out of bed the next morning, I felt hungover. Emotionally hung over, I guess, since I hadn’t been drinking. I stripped out of the dress I’d slept in and replaced it with my robe. I found a pot of lukewarm coffee in the kitchen, and after heating up a mug in the microwave, I set out to find Brian.

He turned up on the balcony. He was sitting at the patio table flipping through a stack of papers. Something for a case, I supposed. Brian was the take-work-with-him-everywhere type of guy.

“Good morning.” He looked at his watch. “Or should I say good afternoon?”

“Sorry. I didn’t get much sleep last night.” I pulled my robe tighter around me and sat in the seat across from him.

“You look like shit.”

“Thanks.” I took a swallow from my mug, wincing when I burned my tongue.

“Are you supposed to be at work today?”

“Tonight.” I was meeting with Aaron Trent at eight that evening. Good thing I’d prepared earlier because I certainly wasn’t in the shape to do it now. “Thanks for asking, Dad.”

“Got to start practicing.”

Jesus, I was a lousy sister. I’d forgotten that his wife was pregnant. I hadn’t even asked him anything about it. “How far along is Monica, anyway?”

He smiled in a way I’d never seen him smile before, all proud and happy. “Four months. We find out the sex in a few weeks.”

“That’s pretty cool. And a little bit scary too.”

“Tell me about it.”

Brian as a dad. Wow. So exciting and weird and that meant I was going to be an aunt. That hadn’t clicked yet. God, I wasn’t ready to be an aunt. How could Brian be ready to be a father?

I took another sip of my coffee, this time blowing on it first. Yeah, I needed the caffeine to calm me down. That sounded about right.

Brian went back to shuffling through the papers in front of him and I caught the logo of a phone company at the top of one. “What are you looking at?”

“Celia’s cell log. She left a printout here.” He rifled back a page. “I was looking at the calls she made. She called The Sky Launch once. Last Friday. Here it is.” He put the paper on the table and turned it toward me, pointing to a familiar one. “Isn’t that the club’s number?”

“Yeah, it is. But she never called me at the club. Wait, I know that number, too.” I pointed to the one above it. “That’s Aaron Trent’s office.” Things clicked into place. “That bitch. She’s the one who canceled my meeting with him.”

“What are you talking about?”

Celia had known about the meeting with Trent and about Sophia’s birthday dinner. She had to have guessed that if Trent rescheduled that I’d end up at the party. She had caused a scene. How good was she?

Brian was still looking at me expectantly.

“Oh, it’s nothing now. I had a meeting and when it got canceled it stirred up a lot of crap between me and Hudson. Long story.” My eyes trailed down the list, spotting a number I knew by heart. It was all over the page. “That’s Hudson’s number.”

“She has quite a few calls to him.”

“I see that.” I swallowed. “I don’t know what to think about that.”

“None of them are very long. And she always called him.”

“Hmm.” That was comforting, wasn’t it? Except what did Celia Werner call Hudson about? Why so often? I didn’t like the unanswered questions.

I sat back and pulled my knee to my chest, resting my foot on the chair.

“So what now? Between you and Hudson Pierce?” Brian echoed my thoughts.

And wasn’t that the question—What now?

“I’m not sure.” I rubbed my cheek against the silk fabric draped over my knee. “I guess I’ll wait until he comes back and we’ll see how that goes. The time apart might be good for us. Give us some time to think.” Time to decide where I fit in Hudson’s life, where Celia fit in Hudson’s life. Where Hudson fit in my life.

“Good plan.” He paused. “You know, just because he doesn’t believe you doesn’t mean he doesn’t love you. Trust me. I speak from experience.”

I met his eyes. “Yeah, I guess you do.” I’d always known Brian loved me, even when he was a total shithead. And I’d always understood his motives. Why was it so hard for me to grasp that about Hudson? Because he’d never said he loved me? Because the idea was too good to be true? I wasn’t sure. Yes, there were definitely things to think about.

Brian tossed the cell phone papers down. “Anyway, speaking of phones, do you want me to go with you to get a replacement today?”

This was the one thing I’d already thought about. “No. I’m afraid if I have it I’ll call Hudson.” The tug of fixation already threatened whenever I thought about my laptop sitting in my bag in the bedroom. How I could internet-stalk him. How I could try to figure out where he was, what he was doing. I’d been so strong. The last thing I wanted was Celia’s fake accusation to find truth.

I peered at Brian, seeing if he understood. “I need to be completely cut off from him to get my head around everything, you know?”

“Not really. But if you say so.”

“Yeah. I say so.”





Brian left Thursday morning and the days after that became a blur. Without him around to pull me out of myself and put time in context, I lost track of the minutes and the hours that Hudson had been gone. All I knew was that every passing second felt like a decade, every night alone in our bed felt like a century.

David, thinking I was only out of sorts because I was missing Hudson, suggested I take some time off, but the club gave me a sense of purpose. After meeting with Trent, I continued working nights instead of days. At least then I could stand behind the bar and go on autopilot. I worked myself long and hard and when I got back to the penthouse in the early hours of the morning, I hit the treadmill until I couldn’t stand anymore. That was the only way to fall asleep—to get myself so exhausted that I slipped easily into a coma.

Without my phone, Hudson tried to contact me in creative ways—at the club, leaving messages with the doorman, calling the penthouse phone, which I never answered. I stayed true to my self-proclaimed edict that time apart would be good for us. Except, as the days stretched by, I hadn’t managed to figure anything out. I’d hoped to gain clarity in his absence. Instead, I just felt lost.

It was after one of the longer nights that Mira showed up, when I’d stayed so long closing the club that the sun was already planted in the sky. I’d changed into workout clothes and ran from the club to The Bowery. The traffic seemed light. It was Sunday morning, I guessed.

Mira was waiting in the lobby, sitting on a couch in the foyer with her hands resting on her swollen belly. At the sight of her, I felt warmth for the first time in days.

She stood when I approached her.

“He sent you to check up on me?” I was beaming. I missed Hudson so horribly and his attempt to reach out through his sister was a nice touch.

Unless he’d sent her to break up with me.

The smile left my face instantly at the thought.

“You’re not taking any of his calls, Laynie. What else was he supposed to do?”

“He already left notes with the doorman.”

“Did you read them?”

“Not so much. I was afraid of what they’d say.” Like that I needed to be out of the penthouse by the time he came home.

“Did you think he was breaking up with you?” She laughed. “No. Way. Even if he wanted to, I wouldn’t let him. And he doesn’t want to. Trust me.”

I hadn’t realized how worried I’d been about the prospect until Mira had relieved the tension with those few simple words. My shoulders relaxed, and my jaw didn’t feel so tight. Now I wished I hadn’t thrown away his messages.

But here was a message in the flesh.

I tilted my head toward the elevator. “Want to come up?”

“I was counting on it.”

We didn’t talk as we rode up to the penthouse, and all I could think about was how much I probably stunk from my run and how I hoped that Mira was really there to tell me Hudson would be home soon.

“Can I get you something?” I asked as we stepped into the vestibule.

“Um, mind if I raid your fridge? I just ate breakfast and I’m still starving.”

I dropped my purse and key on the floor. “Go for it.”

She knew her way around and I followed her into the kitchen. While she poked about in the fridge, I grabbed a couple of glasses from the cupboard. “Want anything to drink?”

“Water’s good.” She stepped away from the fridge, carrying a veggie tray and a block of cheese.

Before the door shut behind her, I reached in and snagged a bottle of water then poured half in each of the glasses. When I’d turned back, Mira had made herself comfy at the breakfast table. I grabbed a knife and plate for the cheese and joined her.

“So,” she said, chomping down on a piece of celery. “Lots of crazy went down here last week.”

“We’re jumping right into it then? No small talk first?” Personally, I was glad. I hadn’t wanted to be the one to seem eager for the dirt.

“Are you kidding me? I’ve been dying to talk about this with you. Do you not know I’m a gossip fiend?” Mira reached for the knife and began working at the block of cheese.

“You hadn’t known about Celia’s baby either?”

“Nope. No clue. I was always sure it wasn’t Hudson’s. I don’t know why—I was barely fourteen when it all happened, but he never seemed to be into her. They never even kissed or anything that I saw. And, trust me; I was the type of sister that saw a lot.”

I could picture Mira as a perky young teen, spying on her brother whenever she had the chance. “Somehow I don’t doubt that.”

“I didn’t ever think it was Dad’s though.” She took a piece of the cheddar and layered it on top of another celery piece. “I still can’t think about that. It’s gross.” She shuddered then bit into her celery/cheese sandwich.

Talk about gross.

I moved my eyes from her snack of questionable taste and pretended to study my nails. “How is your mother dealing with the news?”

Mira shrugged. “Who knows? Every time she starts to feel something other than bitterness she simply refills her bourbon.”

I nodded, surprised by her openness. “Good times.”

I hadn’t actually spent much time alone with Hudson’s sister. I’d assumed she was as closed-off as Hudson, hiding her true thoughts and feelings behind a veil of happiness where he hid his behind cold stone walls. Perhaps I’d been wrong.

“Mom will get over it. Or she won’t. Whatever.” She paused to finish chewing her celery. Then she frowned. “I don’t know why she was so attached to Celia to begin with. I’m sorry about that.”

“Whatever. You aren’t responsible for your mother’s bad taste.”

She giggled. “I know, but it’s embarrassing. Celia’s such a bitch.” Mira leaned back in her chair. “She’s always been…I don’t know…fake. I’ve never trusted her, but I still can’t believe she did this to you.”

It was my turn to shrug. “It was my own fault. Not because I stalked her, but because I didn’t listen to the warnings not to get mixed up with her.”

“I know you didn’t stalk her.” Mira rolled her eyes. “Please. Do you think I don’t? Why would you do that? It’s not like you at all.”

Her confidence in me was startling. As well as completely off base. I’d figured my obsessive days were out in the open now for the whole Pierce family. It was nice to know it wasn’t the case.

But I was tired of secrets and bitter about my predicament. “Joke’s on you, I guess. That’s exactly like me. I used to do that crap all the time. Stalk people, I mean. I have a record.”

Mira narrowed her eyes and studied me. “No wonder you and Hudson are so good for each other.”

My mouth curled up at her unexpected comment. It was exactly the reason I’d thought I wasn’t good for Hudson. Interesting that she had a different perspective.

“Anyway, you don’t do that stuff now, do you?”

“No.”

“See? And you now is who I know, so don’t correct me again.” She grinned as she snagged another piece of cheese, this time sans celery, thank god. “Plus, I was in that bathroom. You didn’t harass her in the least. I told Hudson that, by the way.”

She was the second person to have defended me to Hudson. While I was glad for the support, I wished I didn’t need it.

Still, I was dying to know. “Did he believe you?”

“Of course, he did.” Her brown eyes widened. “Is that what this is about? You don’t think he knows you didn’t do that stuff? He totally does.”

“Because of what you told him?”

“Yeah.”

“That’s what I thought.”

Her face flushed. “I mean, maybe it wasn’t me. He probably believed you without…” Her sentence trailed away. “Shit.” She ran her hand through her short hair. “He would have figured it out if you weren’t avoiding his calls.”

“My phone’s broken.”

“And the times he’s called at the club?”

“Okay, I’m avoiding those.” I folded my arms over my chest, suddenly feeling defensive. “It’s not because I don’t want to talk to him. It’s…it’s complicated.” I chewed the inside of my lip. Was it really that complicated? I loved Hudson, and Hudson…well, I knew he loved me, too. Was that enough? There was no way of knowing without talking to him.

And I’d been avoiding that like the plague.

I sighed. “There’s more than this. I did some things that I shouldn’t have done. And he did some things that he shouldn’t have done. There’s a lot of fixing and stuff to be said and I think the things we need to say need to be in person.”

“So go to him.”

I arched a brow. “To Japan?”

“Why not? What you’re saying makes sense. Big things need to be face-to-face. It’s easier to be honest. Harder to run away. Yeah, you should go to him.” Mira’s whole face transformed with her enthusiasm.

Though adorable, her notion was insane.

“Isn’t he going to come back soon?”

“It doesn’t sound like it. The people he’s dealing with are dragging their feet.”

“Oh.” My heart dropped into my stomach. If it truly was Sunday, it had now been five days since Hudson had left. I didn’t think I could stand many more.

But the alternative was crazy. “I can’t go to Japan. I don’t have that kind of money.”

“I’d foot the bill.”

“Oh, no. I’m not letting you pay for me to go to Japan. Get real.”

Mira scowled and put a fist on what was probably once her waistline. “I have about as much money as my brother, you know. A trip to Japan is a drop in a very large bucket, and I’m not trying to brag. I’m trying to be clear.”

I opened my mouth to continue my protest.

“But if that’s really an issue,” she said before I had a chance, “then charge it to The Sky Launch. Hudson’s money. He wanted you out there to begin with.”

It wasn’t a bad idea necessarily. Not the best, but not bad.

Except what if he didn’t want me there?

Or maybe that’s why he’d sent his sister. I eyed Mira suspiciously. “Did he send you to convince me to go to Japan?”

“No!” She seemed appalled. “Uh-uh. Do not give him credit for my idea.”

But I’d wanted to give him credit. It would make it less scary to show up unannounced.

“Think about it,” Mira said, her eyes all dreamy. “Wouldn’t that be an awesome surprise?”

I imagined the roles reversed, if he showed up and surprised me. “Yeah. It kind of would be.” More than kind of. “I miss him.”

That was all Mira had to hear. “Laynie, he’s dying without you! I can hear it in his voice. He’s a basket case. He can’t eat, he can’t sleep—”

“He told you this?”

“I can tell!”

I popped a piece of cheddar in my mouth to keep from laughing. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re a hopeless romantic?”

“It doesn’t mean I’m wrong about Hudson.”

“Maybe not.” Though I couldn’t imagine the calm, collected Hudson ever being anything close to a basket case.

Mira sighed. Then her eyes brightened. “You know, he told Celia he doesn’t want her in his life anymore.” She said it nonchalantly, but she was an easy read—she knew this was big news.

“What?” It was hard to hear myself talk over the pounding of my heart. “Are you serious?”

She nodded.

“Why didn’t you lead with that?”

“I guess I probably should have.”

Holy shit! This changed everything. Everything. “What else? Tell me all the details.”

“I don’t know what else. I wasn’t there. It was here, that day that everything else happened. Dad told me about it. Said she was crestfallen.”

“So this was before he believed that I was innocent?”

“Yeah.”

“Then why did he tell her he didn’t want her around?”

Mira leaned in—as far as she could anyway, with the round ball at her belly—her expression animated. “This is so third-hand gossip, but Dad said that Hudson told Celia that she was obviously not good for you and so he expected her to stay out of your life from now on. No phone calls, no stopping by the club, no stopping by the penthouse, no family functions. Completely out of your life.” She tapped her finger on the table enunciating completely, out and life. “And he said that since your life was his life, that meant he couldn’t be around her either.”

“No. Way.” She totally had me captivated. The girl certainly did have a flare for dishing out the dirt.

“Yes, way. Of course way. Why would you even doubt way? I keep telling you he loves you. You hang the moon for him. He’ll do anything to keep you. Can’t you see that?” Her hands flew as she talked, but I stayed glued to her face.

I blinked. Several times. “He chose me over Celia. Even when he thought that I’d gone all crazy again. That’s…that’s big.”

“Yes! It’s big! It’s huge!” She hit the table so hard the knife went flying to the floor. Ignoring it. she pinned me with her eyes. “Now what are you going to do to match that?”

I stood, needing to pace the room. “Okay.” I ran my hands threw the hair that had fallen from my ponytail. “I’ll go to Japan.”

A sound somewhere between a shriek and a gasp filled the room. The startling part was that it came from me. Did I really just say I’d go to Japan to surprise Hudson? Oh my god I did and I didn’t even want to take it back.

Mira jumped up with a squeal. “Yes!”

“It’s Sunday, right?” In my mind I was already packing, making a mental list of preparations. “I can’t leave until tonight. Someone’s renting out the club and I’m scheduled to get them set up. I could leave right after that though. Like eight or so.”

“That’s perfect.”

I stopped pacing. “This is going to sound ridiculous, but I don’t even know how to travel out of the country. I’ve been to Canada once. That’s the extent of my foreign travel.”

“I’ll take care of everything,” Mira said, laughing. “Do you have a passport?”

I nodded. “Hudson got me one. He left it on the nightstand. Do you need it?”

“No, you need it. Make sure you bring it with you.” Her eyes were moving like she was making her own mental list. “Do you have a credit card for The Sky Launch?”

“Yep.” I ran—actually ran—to the foyer where I’d dropped my purse.

“Here you go,” I said when I returned, handing her the American Express I carried for business expenses related to the club.

“Yay!” Mira pulled me in for a hug that I actually didn’t mind. “This is so exciting! I always wanted a sister! You guys will make the most beautiful babies.”

“Hey, slow down.” That made the hug come to a quick end. “No one said anything about…” I put my palms to my face. “I can’t even finish that sentence.”

“Sorry. I’m an optimist.”

I dropped my hands and pointed a finger at her. “Keep your optimism to yourself from now on, okay?”

She rolled her eyes. “Okay.” But she was twitching like she had more to say. “I mean, not okay. I have to know because I’m ultra nosy—do you want that stuff? You know, kids, marriage. The whole package.” She bit her lip. “With Hudson.”

I didn’t know what to say. The answer was tricky and the conversation already had me breaking out in a sweat. “Here’s the thing, Mira.” I still didn’t know what I was going to say. Then the truth spilled out. “I used to want it so bad that I thought every guy was the whole package, that every guy was The One. And I’d do everything to make them believe the same about me. I mean everything. Not so good things.”

A breath shuddered through my lungs. “So now I can’t even let myself think about it, not even to daydream for a few seconds or to test it out and see how it feels. So the answer is don’t ask me that. I can’t.” My voice cracked so I said it again. “I just can’t.”

Mira didn’t even blink. “Then don’t. I daydream about it enough for both of us.”

“Thank you,” I said.

“You’re welcome.” She smiled. Then she shooed me with her hands. “Now get packing, girl! We’ve got to get you to Japan!”





Chapter Twenty-One





“Should I change or stay in this?” It was the third time I’d asked Liesl this question in the last fifteen minutes. She’d answered each and every time, but I couldn’t remember what she’d said—my mind was a mess of exhaustion and nervousness. I’d managed to nab a short nap in between packing and figured I’d catch up on the rest during the long flight. Until then, I had espresso.

Liesl spun on her barstool and grabbed my shoulders, looking me directly in the eye. “Laynie, chill the fuck out. You’re making me insane.”

“Okay.” A thumping noise drew our eyes downward. It was the heel of my shoe, bouncing with the twitching of my leg. I put my hand on my thigh to still the movement. “Okay. Chilling.”

“Thank god.” She ran her eyes again over my short wraparound skirt and white button down blouse. “You look smokin’. But you should change into sweats for the flight so you can be all comfy and drool while you sleep and all that. Then change back into this in the airport bathroom.”

“Okay.” That’s right. That was the plan. I would have been in sweats already except that I was waiting for the club renter to show up.

Though I had plans to change the hours of The Sky Launch, we currently weren’t open on Sundays or Mondays. Occasionally a private party would rent the place for various functions. I didn’t know much about this particular rental situation. David had set it up. He would have handled the exchange too, except he’d left for Atlantic City after we’d closed that morning to check out Adora on the sly. I hated to admit it, but Hudson had made David’s life by giving him that job. It had been a good move.

Liesl turned back to the bar where she was creating some sort of counter artwork with olive spears. “Do you know where you’re going when you land?”

“Mira arranged for a car to pick me up and take me to his hotel.” Anxiousness pulsed through me again and I started pacing. “But what if he’s not there? What if I have to wait or what if I miss him? Or what if….” my stomach lurched at this thought, “what if he’s with someone?”

“He won’t be with anyone. He’s with you.”

“But how do you know?”

“I…” She paused as if she were going to say something and then changed to something else. “Just do.”

I scowled. That answer wasn’t satisfying.

“What? Are we in grade school?” She sighed. “I can tell by the way he looks at you. Everyone can. Come on, Laynie, he asked you to move in with him. After what? A week? He’s into you, girl.”

“All right, all right. You’re right.” I glanced at the clock above the bar. “The renters are supposed to be here in twenty. We should go down in case they get here early.”

“Um, okay.” Liesl suddenly looked as nervous as I felt. “Hold on a minute.” She shuffled the spears around then rearranged them in the same design.

Jesus, now she was the one making me crazy. “Leisl! They could be waiting at the door—”

“I’m coming, I’m coming.” She jumped from her stool. “Wait; one more thing.” She took her phone from her shorts pocket and typed a message to someone. “Okay. Let’s go.”

Internally, I rolled my eyes. “You didn’t have to come in tonight. I could have handled this myself.” I headed to the stairs at a fast pace but had to slow down to wait for Liesl, who was walking at turtle speed.

“I know. But I thought you could use the company. It’s not a good idea to be in the club alone.”

As if I wasn’t in the club alone all the time. Strange that she suddenly cared about that. “It was very thoughtful of you.”

“Uh-huh.” She bit her lip. “Um, are your bags packed?”

“Yep. Jordan will have them when he picks me up.” We continued the descent of the second flight of stairs and the main dance floor came into view. And my heart stopped. “What the…”

The floor was covered—absolutely covered—in red and white rose petals. The main lights had been turned off and candles were set on the tables surrounding the floor, illuminating the space with an ethereal white-yellow glow. It was beautiful and romantic.

Liesl made a small gasping sound. “Wowzers.”

It hadn’t been like that when I’d arrived only an hour before. Liesl had been with me the whole time, so it couldn’t have been her.

A figure stepped out of the shadows, his hands tucked casually in his pockets.

“Hudson?” Just like that, I forgot how to breathe. The sight of him…even in his rumpled attire, his suit jacket missing, his dress shirt untucked—he was stunning. “You did this?”

He nodded. His focus went to my friend. “Thank you, Liesl, for keeping her occupied.”

I turned to her, eyes wide. “You knew about this?” I still hadn’t fully grasped that he was the renter, that this whole arrangement was for me.

“Hey, he kept calling and you wouldn’t talk to him and then he trapped me into this whole surprise you thingamabob. He asked me to keep you busy upstairs while he did—” Liesl gestured at the room. “All this.” Her expression said she felt guilty about the betrayal. “He’s my boss, what was I supposed to say?”

“He’s not your boss,” I said, remembering his frequent claim to me.

At the same time, Hudson said, “I’m not your boss.”

My eyes flew to his at the dual mention of our inside joke. Then they were locked there, as if there were nothing else in the world to look at but him. As if the only things worth meaning could be found there.

And he gazed back at me with the same intensity.

Distantly, Liesl’s voice penetrated through the haze. “I’m going to slip out the back. ‘K, thanks.”

I’m not sure I even addressed Liesl. She was already gone—I was already alone. With Hudson.

Part of me wanted to run to him. But I couldn’t let myself. Even though I was ready to forget every bad thing that had transpired between us, I understood that if we didn’t fix things first, we could never last. So I walked to him instead, my legs shaking as I stepped down to the dance floor, and this time it wasn’t because of the espresso.

Though there were many things waiting on the tip of my tongue, he spoke first. “‘Bags packed’?” He stepped toward me, one brow raised. “Are you going somewhere?”

I could hear the tension in his voice. He thought I was leaving him. It made it that much sweeter to be able to say my next words. “Oh, nowhere special. Just Japan.”

“Because… I was in Japan?” His expression was so hopeful and adorable, I melted a little. Or a lot.

“Yeah.” I circled him, taking in the details of his setup. The tables draped with white cloths, the candlesticks letting off a vanilla fragrance. “I thought I could put my stalking skills to use to find you.”

“I would have liked to have been found by you.”

I turned back to face him, playing cool and flirty though my subtext was hot and needy. “Would you? I wasn’t sure.”

“Then you’re an idiot.”

“Thank you.”

“A beautiful idiot that I can’t take my eyes off of.”

I couldn’t stop looking at him either. Less than a week apart, it felt like I hadn’t seen him in a lifetime. We were still several feet apart. I took a step toward him, but the distance between us felt just as wide. There was no way I could get to him without…without saying everything.

“Hudson, I saw Celia behind your back.”

His eyes closed for half a second. “I’ve figured that out.”

“I should have told you.” I bit my lip, trying to come up with the right explanation of why I’d done what I’d done. “She was welcoming and supportive and I needed someone to talk to. It’s no excuse.”

His mouth straightened. “You could have talked to me.”

“We don’t always talk that well.”

“We need to work on that, then.”

My throat tightened. He still thought we had a chance. That made all the difference.

Yet there was still hard stuff to say. “You hurt me, Hudson.”

He took a breath so shaky I heard it shudder through him. “I know.”

“Do you?”

“Yes. I transferred David without talking to you.”

“Well.” There were other issues between us. I could let him off the hook on this one. “It turns out that’s probably for the best. It was a good compromise.”

“And I didn’t believe you.” He shook his head, looking down at the floor. “I should have believed you.” His eyes came back to mine. “I’m sorry.”

“Why didn’t you?”

He sighed. “I was more concerned with being the guy who would stand by you. I wanted you to know I’d help you, get you treatment.”

“I didn’t need treatment. I needed you to believe me and you didn’t.”

“We hadn’t had a good track record in being honest with each other. It was instinctual to doubt.”

My back stiffened. “Then it’s my fault that you took her word over mine?”

“I didn’t take her word over yours. I took the evidence and put it into a plausible scenario.”

It was my turn to look at the floor. “Right.” There was nothing wrong with what he said, yet it didn’t ease the ache in my chest.

“The thing you aren’t hearing, Alayna, is that I don’t care.”

My eyes raced back to his.

“I don’t care if you did stalk Celia or call her a million times or leave a dead chicken in her bed—I don’t care. I just want you. I want to be with you. If you were sick, then there was a chance that I would lose you. And I can’t. Whatever it takes to make that happen. Whatever I have to do. Whatever I have to say. I have to have you in my life.”

Goosebumps rushed across my skin. Hudson’s words were both freeing and binding. They relieved me of so many of the doubts that constantly pulled at me. His reluctance to believe me hadn’t been about trust, though I certainly hadn’t deserved his trust. It had been his way to hold on to me. Even at my most crazy, he would still be there for me. That was almost unbelievable. After years of thinking no one could ever want me past my mistakes, his declaration was more of a dream come true than any other aspect of our relationship.

At the same time, I now realized the extent of my failures in our commitment to each other. While he would stand by me through anything, I had pushed him away with secrets and lies. And when I had believed that he had resorted to his past behaviors, when I believed he had manipulated me—I’d only gotten high pissed. He’d been sick in the past, just as I had, yet I’d blamed him instead of offering understanding.

I fell to my knees with the weight of it all. Tears stung at my eyes. “I don’t know how to do this.”

“Do what?” He collapsed in front of me an arm’s length away. So near but, without his touch, so far.

“Have a relationship.” I swiped at the tears falling down my cheeks. “I keep fucking it up. I kept things from you. I accused you of manipulating me. I didn’t try to compromise about David.”

“I don’t care about any of that.” He nudged an inch closer, his expression desperate. “Just don’t give up on us. Please, don’t give up. I’m a shell without you, Alayna. I can barely breathe when you aren’t near me, when I’m not touching you. Right now, it’s all I can do to hold myself back from taking you in my arms.”

“Why are you holding back?” My need for him was astounding.

“Because I don’t want to resort to sex to solve this.”

“You listened. You always listen.” I choked back a sob.

“Alayna.”

Like always, the sound of my name on his tongue ignited me, and coupled with the distance between us, it increased my want, increased my anguish. “I need you, Hudson. I need you to touch me and bring me back into sync. I’m so far out of tune with you and it hurts—like part of me is missing.”

A weak smile crossed his lips. “You get it then.”

“I do.” I finally did understand it—how the physical connection between us was vital. It brought us closer, united us at a level so deep that our words and actions became meaningless in comparison.

His hand reached out, but he dropped it before touching me. “Are we…okay?”

“I’m not giving up, if that’s what you’re asking. I’m so lost without you. Find me, Hudson.”

“I already have.”

Then we were in each other’s arms, our lips crushing in a kiss that tasted of hope and love and salty tears. His hands on my back lit my body on fire. I needed my shirt off, knowing the feel of skin-on-skin would be my only salve.

Hudson recognized my urgency. Or perhaps it was his own desire that moved his hands to my buttons as I worked to undo his. Our kiss remained unbroken as we shed our shirts, then my bra. Then, with great reluctance, I let his mouth go so he could blaze a trail to my breasts. He cupped them both, first nuzzling and licking in the spot between them before moving his attention to one nipple. He tugged and sucked for long minutes until I was writhing and gasping. By the time he’d moved to the other nipple, I was aroused and near climax.

I’d been so immersed in Hudson’s adoration that I’d missed when he’d unwrapped my skirt until I felt his fingers on my clit through my panties, pushing at the bundle of nerves like it was a release now button. And it was—I was already on a hair-trigger. One simple swirl of his thumb and I was tumbling over.

Hudson held me upright as I spiraled into my release, his other hand ripping at my underwear so that by the time I began my descent, I was completely naked.

As my vision returned, I saw him fixated on the moisture between my legs. His eyes were scarred with lust, his expression wild. So hot. It was so hot. No one had ever looked at me like that before him. No gaze had ever come close.

It was too much in every good way. Too much and not enough. I needed him inside me. Craved his cock pushing into me, filling me. Completing me.

I clawed at the waistband of his pants, too insane with desire to productively work on their removal. Hudson took over and in a flash had lowered his pants enough to expose his hard, thick beautiful shaft.

I was already climbing on top of him when he stopped me with a curse. “Hold on.”

He stood and kicked his clothes off, the ache of his absence made dull with the sight of him stripped. That’s how I loved us best—completely naked, no barriers between us.

He fell back on his knees in front of me. My hands immediately grabbed for his pulsing cock. A trickle of pre-cum glistened on his crown, and I spread it down the length of him.

He groaned. “Come here.” Hudson kneeled up slightly and urged me to wrap my legs around him, my feet braced on the floor on each side of him in a squat. Thankfully, my sandals were platform. They gave better support.

His tip throbbed at my core and I clenched in anticipation, all thoughts of shoes flying from my mind. With gentle expertise, he pushed up and in. I slid down him, taking the length of his cock inside my wet core.

God, oh, god, there weren’t words—the ecstasy, the intensity, the absolute feeling of wholeness, of completion—it was perfectly indescribable. Perfectly perfect.

He bucked into me, and I threw my head back with a gasp.

“Watch, Alayna.”

His command drew my focus back to him. I followed his gaze down to the place where we were joined. He pulled out of me to his crown, his cock covered in my juices, then pushed back in, his rhythm steady and mesmerizing.

“Watch my cock pushing in and out of you.”

“It’s so hot.” Unbelievably hot.

He sped up and the sound of our slapping thighs increased the level of eroticism by ten. Already I was tightening again, nearing the edge.

“Alayna, are you with me?”

His question called my attention back to his face. His expression, still lusty and primal, was now highlighted with affection.

“Always,” I said. “I’m always with you.”

He reclaimed my mouth, plunging his tongue with a ferocity that echoed his movements below. I was breathless and panting when he released me.

“Our pasts will always threaten to come between us. But nothing can come between us unless we let it. Feel this?” He drove his cock deeper into me. “Feel me inside you?”

“It’s so good, Hudson. You make me feel so good.”

“I know, precious, I know.” He tightened his grip, pulling me closer to him so that his breath tickled my ear as he spoke to me.

My vision glazed, I was close.

“Look at me.” Again, his command pulled my eyes to him. “This is how connected we are, Alayna. Even when I’m not inside you, we are always this connected.”

His stark declaration was the final straw. “Fuck, Hudson, I’m going to come.” My legs were quivering from the effort of supporting myself on top of him. Now they tightened with my oncoming orgasm.

“Yes, let go,” Hudson coaxed. “I want to watch you give it all to me.”

I did let go, squeezing him with my cunt as my orgasm ripped through me with seismic force. My body jelly, Hudson eased us to the floor then pounded to his finish, burying himself to his balls while his climax erupted hot and long.

When he collapsed, he stayed inside me, stroking my hair and whispering. “You’re so beautiful, Alayna. Absolutely beautiful. I missed you. So much.”

I brushed my fingers along his cheek, scruffy with a five o’clock shadow. “Did you really?”

“Yes, really.”

“I missed you too. So much.” I kissed along his throat before sucking lightly on his Adam’s apple. Still in a euphoric, post-orgasmic stage, it was surprising that I suddenly remembered where I was supposed to be. “Shit! I need to call Mira and tell her to cancel my trip.”

Hudson smiled. “Already taken care of.”

“She told you? It was supposed to be a surprise!”

“Mirabelle didn’t tell me. Jordan. All he said was that he’d rearrange your evening plans. It would have been a surprise.” He circled my nose with his. “If I hadn’t surprised you first.”

“And what a happy surprise it was.”

“I’m lucky you didn’t kick me to the curb. You know, I’ve fantasized about taking you in this club since the first time I saw you here.”

For whatever reason, this made me blush. “I can’t say I haven’t had the same fantasy.”

He grinned and kissed me chastely, probably knowing as well as I did that anything deeper would likely lead to another round of sex. This suspicion was confirmed with his next words. “As nice as it is having the fantasy fulfilled, I’d much rather take you back to The Bowery and have you in our bed.”

“That sounds awesome. Because as beautiful as this all is, I’m sticky and I have rose petals stuck to my ass and thighs.”

Hudson laughed, his dick twitching inside me with the motion. “The side effects of romantic gestures.”

“You better get out before you get hard again.”

“Already halfway there.” He pulled out of me, and, sure enough, he was already sporting another semi.

He stood then helped me up after him, brushing petals off my backside. After we’d finished dressing, Hudson turned on the club lights so I could blow out the candles.

“Ready to go home?”

I shivered at the sweet sound of the word home. Our home. It had become such a lonesome cave in the days he’d been gone. Now it could be restored to its former glory. “As long as you’re there, then there’s no place else I’d rather be.”

Brushing a lingering rose petal from my arm, I looked around the room. “What about the mess?” Then before he answered, I said, “Let me guess—you have people.”

He shrugged. “We have people.”

I actually didn’t freak about his overt suggestion that we were tied even more deeply than we were. I’d told the truth to Mira when I said I couldn’t think about those things, but maybe I could be okay when other people thought about it.

Hudson retrieved his jacket from the dance floor railing. He pulled out his phone from one of the pockets and typed something in—a text for our ride, I guessed.

“Oh,” he said, digging in another of his jacket pockets. “I almost forgot. This is for you.” He handed me a phone, nearly identical to the one I’d broken.

“So sure I haven’t already replaced it, are you?” I asked with a laugh.

He winked. “You weren’t answering any of my calls or texts. I’d hoped it was because you were still phoneless.”

“I was phoneless so that I wouldn’t break down and call you.”

“Should I ask for an explanation?”

“No. It’s just me. Thank you for the phone. It was very thoughtful.” I wrapped my arm around his and together we walked toward the club entrance. “Hey, did you get Plexis back?”

“I did. But it wouldn’t have mattered if I hadn’t gotten you back.”

Damn, the stuff he said was sweet. Only two weeks before, he’d been completely cut off from me, sharing very few of his true feelings. To think I could have missed out on all the beauty he had to offer if I’d let him slip away. Thank god, I’d stuck around for the good stuff.

I gazed up at his profile. “You never lost me, remember?”

“That’s right. I didn’t.” We’d reached the door and he turned to look at me. Those startling grey eyes—I could stay in them forever. Not lost, exactly, but more like found.

“I love you, Hudson Pierce.”

He breathed it in, physically breathed in my words—I could see exactly how they affected him. He needed them like I needed his touch. They changed him in some way that wasn’t quite tangible but real all the same. It made up for the fact that he still hadn’t been able to return the declaration.

He shook himself. “Go on out. Jordan should be waiting. I’ll set the alarm and lock up.”

He needed a minute to himself. I got that. He had the same effect on me.

I walked out, finding Jordan waiting with the Maybach.

“Good evening, Ms. Withers. I’m sorry to say that you missed your flight.”

I winked. “Another time, I suppose.”

I slid in the car, crossing to the opposite window to leave space for Hudson. While I waited, I turned on the new phone Hudson had given me. I smiled at the front screen wallpaper—it was a publicity picture of us kissing from the fashion show I’d attended with him. Scrolling through my contacts, I could tell that he’d managed to transfer my number and all my personal data to the new phone.

After a minute, the phone buzzed to notify me of incoming texts. I had seventeen in all. I scrolled through them, finding most were from Hudson, one from Brian—probably from before he’d found out my phone had broken.

My brow furrowed as I saw two texts from an unknown number. I opened the first one. “The video file is too big for text. Text me if you want to see it in person.”

Confused, I scrolled to the next text from that number. “Btw, this is Stacy from Mirabelle’s.”

Ah, Stacy. She’d told me she had some proof about Hudson and Celia. Some reason not to trust her.

I laughed to myself. Too little, too late. Whatever proof Stacy had that Celia was a bitch was completely unnecessary. I’d learned the hard way.

Though it did pique my curiosity.

“Everything okay?” Hudson asked as he slipped in the backseat next to me.

“Everything’s perfect.” I dimmed my phone and stuck it in my bra. The outside world didn’t hold a spark of interest to me when I had Hudson beside me. I was beginning to see that he might be there for a long time. He was right—we were connected. Nothing could break us apart. I was convinced of that now.

I buckled my seatbelt then settled into the crook of his arm thinking perfect was something I could get used to.



Forever with You



Chapter One



I took a deep breath and stared at the door of apartment three-twelve. Whether or not I wanted to go any further, I hadn’t decided. Actually, I couldn’t remember deciding to come this far. But here I was—my heart pounding and hands sweating, debating the pros and cons of raising my fist to the wood and knocking.

God, why was I so nervous?

Maybe more deep breaths were in order. I took several—in, out, in, out—and examined my surroundings. The hall was long and empty. Gold-framed abstract art lined the walls. Though the building was nice and in a good part of town, the carpet was old and threadbare. Rose petals were strewn across the floor in front of the threshold a few doors down. Must have been left over from someone’s romantic gesture. Sweet.

To the other side of me, the elevator opened. I looked over and saw a couple walking in the opposite direction. The man, dressed in a nice suit, held his hand to the small of the woman’s back. Her blonde hair was tied up in a perfect bun. Even from behind, they were beautiful to look at. It was obvious they were in love.

Funny how I was seeing romance everywhere. Perhaps it was my state of mind.

I turned back to the door in front of me. It was plain and ordinary, but something about it felt ominous.

Well, might as well get this over with.

I pulled my bag higher on my shoulder and knocked.

Nearly a minute went by and no one answered. I leaned my ear against the door and listened. It was quiet. Maybe I had the wrong unit. I checked my hand where I’d scribbled the address in red pen, but it had rubbed off from my sweat.

It didn’t matter. I knew I was in the right place.

“Try the buzzer,” a man said from down the hall.

“The buzzer?” I asked, but he had already gone into his own apartment.

I hadn’t noticed a buzzer, but I searched the wall by the door frame anyway. There I found a small circular button. Strange I hadn’t seen it before. I brought a trembling finger up and pushed.

A loud bark ripped through the air, and I nearly jumped out of my shoes, my heart pounding in my chest. I wasn’t usually afraid of dogs, but I was already so anxious that it took very little to set me off. Movement sounded from inside and a voice talking sternly to the animal. Seconds later, the door opened.

Stacy stood in the entryway, her face more welcoming than she normally was with me. Her overly bright smile sent a chill down my spine. She was dressed casually in a faded t-shirt and jeans—not at all the attire I was used to seeing her in when she worked at Mirabelle’s boutique. She was barefoot and her toes were painted with a pale pink polish. She looked relaxed. Comfortable.

I felt just the opposite.

Her grin widened. “You came.”

“I guess I did.”

She didn’t move to let me in, so I stood where I was, awkwardly shifting my weight from one foot to the other. Did she hear my knees knocking? I was sure she must.

“Oh, sorry! Come on in.” She stepped aside and let me move past her.

I took a tentative step inside, scanning her apartment. It was nice. Not nice like Hudson’s apartment—Hudson’s and my apartment, rather—but nicer than the studio that I used to reside in on Lexington Avenue. The space was sterile and cold, though completely immaculate except for the kitchen table to my left. It was covered with stacks and stacks of papers, reminding me of the top of the file cabinets in David’s office back at The Sky Launch.

“This way.” Stacy gestured to a couch in her living room. It was a twin to the sofa in Hudson’s office—brown leather with oversized arms. I’d admired the design so much that I’d ordered a similar, less expensive one for the office at the club. Hudson and I had christened that couch, actually, with a round of heated sex. Stacy’s version was not the cheaper variety, and with as prudish as the woman seemed, I doubted that she’d christened it with anyone.

Weird, though, that we all had similar taste.

Actually, what was weird was that I was there finding out Stacy’s taste at all. Why was I there? The tight knot in my gut said this was the wrong decision. I should leave.

Except, I couldn’t. Something kept me there with an intense force. Like my shoes were metal and the floor a super magnet. I knew it was all in my head—that I could physically walk out the door anytime I wanted. Yet there I stayed, compelled against my better judgment.

I threw my shoulders back, hoping it would make me feel more confident, and took a seat. I sunk lower than I’d expected, my knees sticking up higher than my thighs. I looked and felt ridiculous. So much for being self-assured.

“So sorry,” Stacy apologized. “The springs are broken. Scoot down further and you’ll bounce back.”

Awkwardly, I lifted myself from the concave spot and moved further down the sofa. I sat slowly, testing for firmness. Thankfully, the springs were indeed intact. My poise, on the other hand, was not.

Stacy settled into the armchair next to me. A large gray cat rubbed against her leg, hissing in my direction. The unfriendliness of the cat reminded me of the barking from earlier. I looked around, but found no sign of a dog. Stacy must have locked it up in another room. It was odd that she’d have both pets in such a small apartment. I’d never figured her for an animal lover.

But I’d never figured her to wear jeans and a t-shirt either. It was all the unexpected that had me on edge, I told myself. That’s all.

“Can I get you anything? Water? Iced tea?”

“No, thank you.” I crossed my legs. “Actually, I’m sort of on a schedule. Do you mind if we get this over with?” It was a lie. I had nowhere to be. I didn’t even have a driver waiting for me. I’d taken the subway instead of asking Jordan to bring me. Jordan reported to Hudson, and I didn’t want him to know about this visit.

“Yes. Of course.” She stood and crossed to her television. I noticed her computer was plugged into it, and when she turned on the set, her desktop showed on the large flat screen.

Having lost its leg to rub against, the gray cat moved over to my leg.

Great. Now I’d have gray fur all over my black pants. How would I explain that to Hudson? Maybe I could change before he noticed.

Stacy chatted as she scrolled through files on her computer. “Honestly, I wasn’t sure if you’d come. You hadn’t seemed interested before. I was surprised to get your text.”

“Yeah, I wasn’t sure I’d come either. Curiosity won out.” Maybe it was because of the animal at my feet but I couldn’t stop thinking about the curiosity killed the cat adage.

Fuck, what was I doing? Was it too late to change my mind about this?

It wasn’t too late until she actually started the video. But I couldn’t turn back now, could I? I’d never be able to stop wondering what secrets Stacy held about Hudson.

Maybe I should have asked him about it instead of showing up here.

“Well, I set up in case you did come. I just have to load the file. Hold on. It’s here somewhere.”

It seemed to take hours for Stacy to search through her computer. Each second that passed felt like agony. Thoughts of what could be on her video nagged at the edges of my mind—Hudson betraying me in various forms. I tried to shake the images away, but they clung, nipping at me, begging for my attention.

I’d chewed half of my nails ragged before I finally sought to relieve the tension. “Perhaps you could tell me what’s on it while we wait.”

“Oh, I couldn’t do that.” She gave me another warm smile. “You won’t believe it until you see it. But trust me. It will change everything you know about Hudson. He’s a liar, you know.” She never smiled this much. It was as if she took pleasure in my discomfort. As if she were delighted to destroy my relationship with Hudson.

“He’s not a liar. I trust him.” I was the one who’d lied to him. Hudson had done nothing but proven himself over and over.

“You’ll see.”

Her certainty sent goose bumps down my skin. There was no way she was right. I knew Hudson. He didn’t have secrets from me.

“Ah! Found it!” Stacy said in a sing-song voice. “Are you sure you don’t want anything before I start this? Water? Iced tea?”

I gritted my teeth, the knot in my belly tightening with every passing second. “I said, no thank you.”

“Popcorn?” She laughed. “I always like popcorn when I’m watching TV. Popcorn and M&M’s.”

“Look, Stacy, this isn’t entertainment for me. You say you have something that will make me feel differently about Hudson. Do you think I’m looking forward to this?”

This was ridiculous. What was I doing here, behind Hudson’s back no less? I should be talking to him, asking him about this stupid video instead of sneaking off to watch it. I didn’t even know if I could trust the woman in front of me. Maybe this whole video thing was a trick.

I stood to leave. “I shouldn’t be here. I have to go.” I headed toward the door.

“No! Wait! It’s already playing.”

Again, curiosity got the better of me. I turned back to the TV. The screen was dark, but there was a muffled voice in the background. Little by little, the voice became clearer. It was Hudson.

“I want you, precious. Whatever it takes to make that happen. Whatever I have to do. Whatever I have to say. I have to have you in my life.”

The screen was still dark, but I recognized the words. He’d said them to me—earlier. At the club.

“Is this some kind of a sick joke?”

“Just be patient.” Stacy giggled.

The screen began to lighten and the picture came into focus. Hudson lay on a bed facing away from the camera, completely naked. I glanced at Stacy, furious that she had seen my boyfriend without clothing, but Hudson’s next words drew me back to him. “Whatever I have to say, precious. I have to have you in my life.”

They were familiar words, but I’d never seen this scene before. I didn’t know that bed or that room. I hadn’t been there when this had been filmed. I shook my head—no, no, no. Those were my words. Precious was my name. Whom was he sharing my words with?

The camera began to move, zooming around Hudson. I held my breath, waiting to see whom he was speaking to, not wanting the confirmation.

But as the camera zoomed closer, the focus blurred. So much so that it was impossible to make out what was going on or who was on screen. It was like looking through a dirty windshield or a cloudy contact lens. I blinked over and over, hoping to clear the blur, to bring the picture into clarity. I was desperate to see what was going on, desperate to see who was there. Even though I didn’t want to, I was compelled.

I went to the TV and slapped my hand on its side, trying to sharpen the image. “Show me, dammit,” I screamed at the picture. “Show me what you’re hiding!”

I hit the television again and again, my hands red from the force, my breath ragged from the effort. I had to see, had to know. My gut told me the truth—the video held the answers. What I needed, what I was meant to see was here on this screen. Beyond the blur was what I dreaded most, my deepest fears, my darkest imaginings—the thing that could ruin everything.

The thing that could tear me and Hudson apart for good.





Chapter Two





I awoke in a panic, sweat beaded along my brow, my heart racing. I knew it was a dream, but the feeling it left was intense and vivid. Stupid, really. It wasn’t real.

But it wasn’t the dream video that had me in a panic—it was what might be on Stacy’s real life video. She’d said it was some sort of evidence about Hudson and Celia. I’d blown it off earlier in the night, but maybe I shouldn’t have because now it was seeping into my subconscious thoughts.

I glanced over at Hudson asleep next to me. Usually we remained in constant contact while we slept. His missing warmth exacerbated the “off” feeling that still clung to me after my nightmare. Not wanting to disturb my lover, I ignored the pull to snuggle into him and instead climbed out of bed, grabbed my robe, and headed to the bathroom.

Splashing cold water on my face, I took deep breaths and tried to calm down. I’d never been prone to nightmares. Even when my parents had died, my dreams had remained sweet and calm. My obsessive mind did enough work during the waking hours—sleep wasn’t where I fleshed out my problems.

I wasn’t obsessing like I had in the past, though. And there were problems still to be worked out. Yes, I was happy and in love. But the past week had been heartbreaking and stressful with Hudson in Japan and our relationship in limbo. I’d kept secrets that I wasn’t sure he could ever completely forgive me for. And he’d betrayed me in his own ways—going behind my back to remove David as the manager of The Sky Launch. Then, the worst, he hadn’t defended me. He’d chosen to listen to the lies of his childhood friend who was playing her own game where I was the pawn.

I knew our love outweighed the heaviness of those mistakes. He proved he knew it too when he arrived at the club earlier that evening, surprising me with his declaration of commitment to our relationship. Though he still hadn’t said the three words I longed to hear, I didn’t need them. I felt his love in every fiber of my being. Felt it as he’d made love to me on the dance floor with care and attention that spoke volumes. We were together for the long run, through thick and thin—it was apparent now and with that knowledge there should be a freedom from anxiety.

Except we still hadn’t worked out all our trust issues, and that had me feeling edgy. Plus there was this video that Stacy claimed to have. What did it show? Did I want to see it? Was it simply a trick? Or was it actually significant?

It bothered me enough to make me restless and unsure. Make me obsess while I slept.

It’s nothing, I told myself. It won’t affect anything with Hudson.

But the unease that encased me said differently.

“What’s wrong?”

Hudson startled me, but the tempo of my already accelerated heartbeat barely registered the shock. I peered over my shoulder at him standing in the bathroom door. He looked as he always looked—sexy and aloof. The sight of his naked body caused my breath to intake—every time—even when thoughts of jumping him weren’t on my mind. I bit my lip as my gaze traveled down his body. Well, maybe thoughts of jumping him weren’t as far away as I’d assumed.

He came behind me, his gray eyes probing mine in the mirror. “Are you okay?”

It crossed my mind to lie, but I wasn’t doing that anymore. I’d gotten a second chance with this man, and if we were going to make things work, I’d have to be better at sharing.

I needed to tell him about Stacy’s video.

And I would. But I needed a few minutes to regroup. “I just had a bad dream, and now I can’t sleep.”

His brow creased with worry. “Want to talk about it?”

I shook my head. Then changed my mind. “Yes. But later.”

“Hmm.” He wrapped his arms around my waist and kissed my head. “How about I get a hot bath going for you in the meantime?”

“That sounds heavenly.”

He let me go and started to the task. I leaned against the shower stall as Hudson bent over the large soaker tub and turned on the faucets. It was impossible not to admire his hard body, not to want to lick along the muscles of his abs, to bite the tight curve of his ass.

He glanced up at me. “Those are naughty thoughts clouding those brown eyes.”

My lips curved up into what I hoped was a suggestive grin. “Are you joining me?”

“In the naughty thoughts or in the tub?”

I swatted at his luscious behind. “The tub.”

“I’ll join you in both.” It was three in the morning on a weeknight. He had work in the morning. And the man had jet lag from a week overseas. But he never faltered at caring for me. He was always there. Even when I kicked him away to Japan, he still made sure I was looked after—sending his sister to check in, calling the doorman to deliver messages. When would I stop being surprised by his attention?

Never. That’s when.

I undid my robe and hung it on a wall hook, enjoying the lust in Hudson’s gaze as I stood naked before him. I stuck a toe in to test the heat. The water was perfect—almost too hot, just like I liked it. I stepped in and leaned forward so that Hudson could slide in behind me. It dawned on me that we’d never bathed together. How could it feel like we’d been through everything yet there was so much we had left to experience? It was a comforting thought—to realize that we were still only in the new, that we could look forward to more.

When he was settled, I leaned back against his chest.

He nuzzled his nose along my cheek. “This is nice.”

“The temperature is perfect.” My muscles were already loosening in the warmth, the tension of my dream easing.

“I meant holding you.” Hudson’s voice was soft, as though his words were difficult to admit. “I’ve missed this.”

God, I’d missed it too. That was one of the reasons I felt so uneasy—I was still recovering from the time we’d been apart. My mind was still processing what I’d almost lost—everything.

I’d almost lost everything.

That was surely why I was so worried about Stacy’s supposed evidence. The questions that remained between us didn’t help my anxiousness. We still had so many things left undeclared.

We soaked in silence for long comfortable minutes. When the water began to cool, Hudson reached for a bottle from the built-in ledge behind the marble tub. He poured a dab of soap into his hand from my cherry blossom body wash—a new favorite scent of mine—and worked it into my skin with deep massaging strokes. When he’d finished with my arms, he nudged me forward to continue the treatment on my back. Then he pulled me against him and bent my legs so he could reach every part of my body.

Last, his fingers splayed along my belly and up my chest. He spent a sweet amount of time on my breasts, kneading them with just the right amount of pressure until my nipples perked up. He nibbled at my earlobe and one hand began its descent to my lower regions. The thickening of his cock against my lower back told me exactly what was on his mind.

But first there were things to say. I didn’t believe there was anything worrisome enough to crush our potential future together, but big enough that things had to be said.

I turned to straddle him, the water sloshing at my sudden movement.

Lacing his hands in mine to keep them occupied, I began. “We have stuff to work through.”

His eyes stayed pinned on my breasts, as he raised an eyebrow. “We do?”

“We do.” I bent my head to catch his gaze. “Who’s going to run your club?”

His smile was mischievous. “You.”

I smirked but didn’t agree. I also didn’t disagree. He claimed he wanted me to take over The Sky Launch, but I was convinced it was only an excuse to get rid of David Lindt. Hudson achieved part of his agenda—David was leaving in a little more than a week to take over one of Hudson’s clubs in Atlantic City. I’d been pissed, but as the idea had settled over me, I’d realized it had been the right move on Hudson’s part. Working every day with my ex wasn’t exactly a good idea. I wouldn’t want Hudson working with one of his exes, after all.

It didn’t mean I was ready to run the club myself.

I also wasn’t quite willing to give it to someone else.

Perhaps that would have to be tabled for a time when Hudson’s cock wasn’t pressing against my core. His cock could make me say yes to anything.

His fingers still linked with mine, Hudson began to seduce me with his lips, leaning forward to take my breast in his mouth.

I sighed with pleasure, my body yielding to him. My head, however, was still wrapped up in details. “And what happens next with Celia?”

His lips left my breast. “Really? You want to talk about Celia now?”

“I never want to talk about her. But I need to know that she isn’t a threat to me.” I swallowed the unexpected lump that formed in my throat. “To us.” I hadn’t realized how scared I still was about her possible influence on my relationship with Hudson.

“Hey.” Hudson cupped my face in his hands. “She’s not a threat. She has no solid proof of her claims, and she’s not pressing charges. Even if she did, I’d still be here with you. You know that.”

I nodded weakly. “But what about going forward?”

“Simple. We don’t see her. We don’t speak to her. We don’t answer her emails.”

“We don’t?” Of course I wouldn’t see her—I hated the bitch. But what about Hudson?

“Yes, we. I don’t have room in my life for anyone who is against us.”

Another wave of tension rolled off of me. “Your mother is against us too, you know.” I was pressing my luck. Sophia Pierce, monster that she was to both her son and me, would likely always be a staple in Hudson’s life. I would never ask him to cut her off. Though I disliked her, I recognized the importance of family.

“I know.” Hudson sighed, his hands leaving my face. “At least she hasn’t tried to sabotage us. If she does, I’m done with her. You’re the only one that matters.”

“Thank you.” I kissed him softly. “But I hope it doesn’t come to that. It would be nice to believe that there could one day be reconciliation where Sophia is concerned.” It had only been a few days since I’d reconciled with my brother Brian. It had relieved a constant knot in my belly that I hadn’t even been aware of. The same scenario wasn’t likely to happen with Hudson and Sophia, but, hey, what did I know?

My thoughts travelled back to Celia, her reasons for playing me still unclear. “But why did she do it, Hudson? Why was Celia against us?”

“Not us. Me.” His jaw tightened. “She’s mad at me.”

“Still? For what you did all those years ago?” My heart panged at his obvious torment. Hudson wasn’t proud of his past and how could he be expected to move on when it kept coming back to haunt him?

Then anger took over. “I don’t care what you did to her—she’s a bitch. It was awful and terrible and horrible to do what she did. Especially when she claims to be your friend. Is she still in love with you? Is that her problem?”

Hudson lowered his eyes. “If she thinks she loves me, hurting you isn’t the way to win my affection.”

“Well, she certainly acts like a jealous lover.”

“Without reason.” He brushed his hand across my cheek. “Celia and I have never had anything together. Nothing. Except for…” His voice softened. “Except for what I made her believe I felt for her.”

“She knows that wasn’t real.” I hated that this still tormented him. “And that was forever ago, now. If she’s trying to get you back, it seems she already did that when she slept with your father and trapped you into claiming to be the father of her baby instead of Jack. Why didn’t you tell me about that, by the way?”

“I should have.” His tone was filled with regret.

“Yes, you should have.” It would have made things much clearer to me about his relationships with both Celia and his father. And it had been yet another thing that stood as a wall between us—though most of the secrets keeping us apart had been mine. That was my regret.

Hudson released his hands from mine and swept them down my ribs. “It didn’t feel like it was my secret to tell.”

“Okay, that’s fair.” I shivered as his fingers kneaded the skin at my hips. He was getting restless, wanting more, wanting me. The time for talking was nearing an end. I had to jump to the meat of my concerns. “But some things have to change between us. We have to be able to share these things with each other. You could have at least told me you had good reasons not to trust her, reasons I shouldn’t trust her.”

“And you could have honored my wishes when I said don’t see her.”

“Yes, I could have.” I let out a sigh. “We both have to change. We have to put everything on the line, Hudson, as much as possible. We know now that we’re together, thick and thin, right? We have to trust that more than anything. We can’t be afraid of our secrets and our pasts. Both of us. Honesty, open doors, transparency.”

He cocked a brow. “Nakedness?”

Yep, I was losing him. “You’re such a perv.”

“I agree.” He leaned forward again to lick a bead of water from my nipple. “I am a perv where you’re concerned.”

I smirked. Which was difficult considering how his tongue on my breast made me crazy. “Hudson, stop. I’m serious.”

“I know.” He leaned back against the tub. “And I agree with everything else you said. We need to be honest.”

“Good.” I put my hand up to stop him before he resumed his seduction. “Hold on. I have one more thing.”

“Okay, what?”

He was getting impatient but trying not to show it. I almost decided to leave the rest of our conversation for later. But the memory of my nightmare and the cold foreboding feeling that lingered in my chest pushed me forward. “What happened between you and Stacy?”

“Stacy?” He seemed confused. “Mirabelle’s Stacy?”

“Yeah.”

“Nothing happened.” He was bewildered by my question. “What do you mean? Like did I date her? I took her to a charity event a year or so ago. But after that, nothing.”

“And I didn’t sleep with her,” he added before I had to ask.

That was comforting. But that wasn’t the reason she concerned me. “Is there a reason she’d have a vendetta against you? Or reason to distrust you?”

He shook his head slowly. “Not that I can think of.”

“She wasn’t one of your past victims?”

“Victims?” His eyes narrowed. “Is that what you call the people I played with?”

I cringed. “Maybe that wasn’t the best choice of words?”

“No. It probably is the best choice. That doesn’t make it pleasant to hear.”

“I’m sorry.”

His features darkened. “Don’t be. It’s my past. I have to live with it. Why are you asking?”

I took a deep breath. We were putting everything on the line, after all. This was part of it. “The last time we were at Mira’s, Stacy told me that she had some sort of video. A video that proved something or other about you and Celia. She didn’t have it with her, so I gave her my phone number so she could contact me later.”

“The last time we were at Mira’s together?”

“Yeah. She cornered me while you were finding me shoes. Do you know what she’s talking about?” I studied his face, trying to pick up on anything he might be hiding.

“No idea.” Either he was really good at acting or he truly had no clue. I’d never seen him so perplexed. “She didn’t tell you what the video was of?”

“No. Just that she had it and that it would show me why I couldn’t trust you.” I bit my lip. “And she texted me again tonight. Or sometime this past week when I didn’t have a phone, and I didn’t get the message until tonight.”

I expected him to ask why I hadn’t told him earlier, but he didn’t. “What did her text say?”

“That the video was too big to send over the phone but to contact her if I wanted to see it.”

He considered. “Do you want to see it?”

“No.” But I kind of did. “Yes.” Unless I didn’t. “I don’t know. Should I?”

“Well.” He rubbed his hands up my arms. “You know that Celia can’t be trusted already. And there is nothing that Stacy could have on me that you don’t already know. You know more about my secrets and my past than anyone. You know me, Alayna.”

“I do.”

“Then unless you don’t trust me…”

“I do trust you. If you say there’s nothing I should be concerned about…”

His eyes locked on mine. “There isn’t.”

I paused. The minute I said my next words, I couldn’t take them back. I’d have to put the video out of my mind and move on. It went against all my obsessive tendencies—could I do it?

I believed I could. For Hudson. I smiled. “Then I don’t need to see it.” It was easier to say than I would have imagined. And I meant it. I didn’t need the proof of other people to know who Hudson was, what he meant to me.

It was amazing how much better I felt having the subject of the video off my chest. It no longer felt like a weight on me, though there was still some lingering edginess that probably just needed time to distill.

Hudson leaned forward and kissed my chin. “Thank you.”

“For what, exactly?”

“For being open with me.” He tilted his head. “You didn’t have to tell me about that, and you did anyway.”

“I’m serious about being more open and honest.”

“I see that. I’m serious about it too. The only way we can move on is to decide that we’re committed to each other first and foremost.” His eyes rose to meet mine. “Are we?”

They were only two short words, but the weight of the question was heavy—heavier than when he’d asked me to be his girlfriend or to move in. And yet it was with ease and certainty that I responded. “I am.”

“So am I.” He captured my mouth with his, sucking lightly on my bottom lip before his tongue flicked inside, twisting with mine in an erotic dance of foreplay. I threw my hands around his neck, pulling myself closer into him. His cock thickened between us and my pussy clenched in reaction, wanting and needing him as much as his kiss said he needed me.

Without releasing my mouth, Hudson moved a hand to my breast. He was such an expert at handling me in the way I needed, his touch never too gentle, always just the right amount of rough. I cried against his lips as he squeezed my tit, driving me mad. I was so concentrated on his attention to my chest, I didn’t notice his other hand traveling lower until his thumb was rubbing against my clit. I jolted at the exquisite pressure, my knees clutching his hips. I was already feeling the tight sensation in my lower belly building toward eruption. So soon, too soon.

I was on top, and wanting to delay my explosion until we could go together, I pushed away his hand from my core. Hudson’s eyes closed slightly as I circled my grip around his thick erection. I stroked him once before shifting my weight forward onto my kneecaps. Positioning myself over him, I slid down his hard length, moaning as he filled me.

I sat atop him, sitting still for several seconds as my body adjusted to his size, my walls expanding to make room for him. Damn, he felt good. Just like that, without any movement—he felt made for me, as though his penis had been carved to fit my pussy and mine alone. I shuddered at the carnal thoughts that intensified the heavenly sensation of him inside me.

He shifted beneath me, his impatience evident. So I moved, riding him. Slowly at first, then more determined. My hands braced against his shoulders, pushing me off with the force I knew Hudson desired, the force I desired. It wasn’t long before his hands were wrapped around my ass, augmenting my movement. And then, he held me still as his hips thrust up and forward in a circular pattern, driving into me with long deliberate strokes.

“Do you always have to take over?” I asked, breathless. Not that I minded. I enjoyed being on the other end of his control.

His lip curled at the edge. “If you want us both to come, then yes.”

I laughed, the action causing him to twitch inside me, bringing me to the brink. When I could speak again, I asked, “And who is it that wouldn’t come if I stayed in control?”

“You.” His fingers tightened at my hips and, as if to prove his point, he pushed deeper into me, brushing against a spot—that spot, the one that always did it for me, the one that only he could find and that he found each and every time.

My orgasm came suddenly, taking me by surprise. I gasped, digging my fingernails into his skin as I rode the wave of ecstasy that passed through my every nerve, shooting down my limbs and clouding my vision.

Hudson’s tempo didn’t abate as I crumpled on top of him. He continued to thrust towards his own climax, driving toward that intangible goalpost. And then he was crossing the finish line, grinding against my clit as he spilled into me, causing another shudder from my already limp body.

While he settled, he kissed along my neck, along my jawline, finally making it to my lips where he sweetly lingered, adoring me with his mouth until our heart rates returned to a more normal pace.

Then he pulled away and met my eyes. His brow furrowed. “Alayna.” Hudson cradled my face. “What is it, precious?”

It took me a beat to understand his question. Then I realized that tears were leaking down my face. And then they were more than tears. Uncontrollable sobs broke through me as though a great well of grief had been released.

Embarrassed and unable to explain my outburst, I pushed away and climbed out of the tub.

“Alayna, talk to me.” He was behind me, wrapping a towel around my body as he dripped onto the floor.

I shook my head and ran to the bedroom.

Hudson followed. He grabbed my upper arms and turned me toward him. “Talk to me. What is it?”

My body heaved with the anguish. It wasn’t a new pain, but one that had been with me for the better part of a week. I just hadn’t fully expressed it yet—not to Hudson, not to myself.

“You. Really. Hurt me,” I managed. The words were broken and hard to get out between sobs.

“Just now?”

“No.” I swallowed and tried to calm myself enough to speak. “You really hurt me. With Celia. When you believed her. Instead of me.” The pain was so raw, so fresh. Even though he’d made amends and we were together, the remnants of that betrayal still clung to me. I’d tried to move on before the scar had formed, and now, unexpectedly, the wound reopened.

“Oh, Alayna.” He pulled me into his chest. “Tell me. Tell me all of it. I need to hear it.”

“It hurts, Hudson. It hurts so much.” I took a ragged breath. “Even though you’re here. Now. And we’re together. There’s a hole.” My sentences were short and broken. “A deep, deep hole.”

His body tensed around me and I felt the degree to which he shared my grief. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. If I could take it back, if I could change how I reacted…I would have chosen differently.”

“I know. I do. But you didn’t choose differently. And you can’t take that back.” My voice strengthened as the ache inside surfaced. Like I was throwing up. Once it started, there was no stopping, and the process was uncomfortable and suffocating.

I pulled away from him, still in his arms, but no longer buried in him. “You can never take that back.”

“No. I can’t.” He pushed my wet hair off my shoulders.

“And that changes things. It changes me.”

He paused, worry etching his face. “How?”

“It makes me vulnerable. Exposed.” I suddenly became aware that he was wearing nothing. It was fitting. Because, even though I was wrapped in a towel, I’d never been more naked in front of him. “And you know now. That you can hurt me.” I choked as my tears returned. “You can hurt me real bad.”

“Alayna.” He pulled me back into him, his voice thick with emotion. “My precious girl. I never want to hurt you again. Will you ever be able to…forgive me?”

I nodded, unable to respond verbally. Yes, I could forgive him. I already had. But it didn’t change how much it hurt. It didn’t change how much healing still had to occur.

Hudson rocked me in his arms as I cried, intermittently kissing my head and apologizing. After a while, he swept me into his arms and carried me to the bed. He curled up with me, holding me against him.

When I’d finally finished with the tears, I sat up against the headboard with a hiccup. “Huh. I don’t know where that came from.”

He sat up next to me, wiping my cheeks. “You needed to let it out. I understand.”

“You do?”

“I do.” He put a tentative arm around me. “Is it okay that I’m here?”

“Yes! Please, don’t leave.” I clutched him, afraid that he would go.

“As long as you want me, I’m here.”

“Good.” I relaxed, letting my heartbeat return to a normal pace. “All that?” I gestured abstractly, referring to my sob scene. “That was just…”

“Healing?”

“Yeah. Cathartic. The last step of all that before stuff. I think I have some closure now.” I felt cleansed—inside and out. I smiled as I traced Hudson’s lips with my finger.

“I admire your optimism, but old pain has a way of showing up from time to time, even when life is going well.” He caught my finger in his hand. “I’m sure we’ll both feel this way every now and then.”

I took a long breath in. I couldn’t stand that I’d hurt him too. It almost pained me as much as his betrayal.

“Don’t dwell on it.” His voice was soft. “We have the future to make up for the hurts we’ve caused each other.”

Right then, I was ready to dedicate my life to making up. Was I really thinking of us as forever? Well, at least long term.

I twisted my lips at the thought. “This is a new beginning for us, isn’t it?”

He leaned forward to brush my nose with his. “No. This is better than a beginning. This is what happens next.”

“I like that.”

He leaned in and kissed me, sweetly and luxuriously, with promises of all the other things that would happen next. As if there was nothing in the world to do but lavish me with love.





Chapter Three





Hudson called into the office the next morning, deciding to work from home. I’d already made arrangements to be gone from the club for the next several days so I didn’t bother going in either. We spent our time in the library, each of us working on our own projects, not talking much, which was fine. Exhausted from jet lag and lack of sleep, Hudson was in a mood. Even grumpy, I was glad for his presence. It was comforting just to be with him.

I did leave the apartment but only to get a wax and attend my group therapy that evening. When I returned, Hudson was passed out in our bed. I let him sleep.

Before I joined him, I got a run in on the treadmill and texted Stacy. Thanks, but no thanks, my message said. I probably didn’t need to respond at all, but it gave the issue finality. I slept soundlessly the whole night through.

The next day was a holiday—the Fourth of July. Hudson surprised me by taking me to brunch at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park. Afterward, we walked through the park, holding hands and enjoying each other’s company. We were good—it felt right being with him. Easy.

Yet there was a tangible fragility between us. We were cautious with each other, handling one another with kid gloves. Hudson’s lingering fatigue didn’t help the situation.

Later, getting ready for the evening’s fireworks display, Hudson came up behind me as I primped in the bedroom mirror. He wrapped his arms around my waist and kissed along my neckline. “We’ve been pussy-footing around each other all day,” he said at my ear. “I’m warning you now that I’m done. It's time for me to start treating you like what you are: Mine."

My breath caught sharply.

“And yes, that means that you’ll be fucked later. Hard.”

Just like that, our tentativeness was over. And I needed a change of panties.





Except for a few casual strokes and caresses, Hudson kept his hands to himself during our ride to the Firework Cruise. I had a feeling the minimal contact was purposeful. He was building the anticipation.

And, god, was it working.

The air between us was charged. His sexual promise remained ever present in my thoughts, turning me into a powder keg waiting for that one spark to light me on fire. He, on the other hand, seemed completely unaffected—as though he hadn’t uttered those carnal words to me only an hour earlier.

It was late evening, the sun just beginning to set, when we arrived at the pier. Hudson didn’t wait for Jordan to open our door. He stepped out of the Maybach and reached for my hand to pull me out behind him. He was striking in his tan pants and dark suit jacket. He’d forgone the tie, leaving his white shirt unbuttoned to expose the top of his chest. The wind blew across the river that shared his name, mussing Hudson’s hair into sexy chaos. As always, he took my breath away.

The moment was short lived. Cameras clicking and people shouting Hudson’s name interrupted the reverie. Having been to only one other event with him where media was present, I wasn’t used to the attention.

But Hudson was.

Like he had the last time when I’d gone with him to his mother’s charity fashion event, he put on a show, pulling me into his side to pose for the cameras. He tactfully ignored many of the questions, only answering some with a simple yes or no.

“Is it true you’ve bought back your old company, Plexis?”

“Yes.”

“Are you planning to break the company apart?”

“No.”

“Is this your current girlfriend? Alayna Withers, is it?”

“Yes.”

“What about Celia Werner?”

This was one Hudson didn’t answer. The only betrayal that he’d even heard the question was a twitch of his eye. The man had stoicism down to a science.

I did not. The mention of Celia’s name threw a shiver down my spine. It hadn’t only been his mother who thought he and Celia should be together. Even the press had thought they were more than friends. Hudson, not caring what people thought or said about him, never bothered to correct the assumption.

I realized then that the media would never let her out of our life. She’d always be asked about, always be linked to him in the tabloids. I’d have to get used to it if I planned on staying with Hudson long term. And I planned on exactly that.

But just because I had to live with it didn’t mean I couldn’t fight back.

Forcing a smile, I did something that surprised even me—I spoke to the onlookers. “Don’t you think it’s rude to ask that when I’m standing right here?” I paused but didn’t let the reporter get a word in before continuing. “He’s with me now. Bringing up another woman in front of me is completely distasteful. If stirring up gossip is the only way you can write a decent story, I feel quite sorry for you. Don’t bother rebutting. We have a party to attend.”

Hudson’s eyes widened. “You heard the lady.” He took my hand and pulled me with him toward the dock where The Magnolia, a two hundred and fifty foot yacht, waited for us.

I squeezed his hand. “That wasn’t so bad.” I needed his reassurance. Needed to know I hadn’t pissed him off.

“It was mostly terrible,” he hissed.

Immediately I felt guilty for my outburst. “I shouldn’t have said anything. I’m sorry.”

“Why? You were the only reason it wasn’t all terrible.”

“Well, then.” My smile widened. “Maybe I should talk to the press more often.”

“Don’t push it.” Hudson’s smile was brief. He quickly returned to his somber mood. After our pleasant day together, I had hoped that his crabbiness was over. Not the case. It was understandable. Dealing with the press and having to attend a big social event were not Hudson’s favorite ways to pass the time.

I, on the other hand, didn’t mind parties. Though I would have been just as happy to watch the show on TV from our bedroom. Or skip the viewing altogether. “Why are we going if you hate these things so much?”

He paused, mid-stride. “Good question. Let’s not go.”

“Hudson…” I tugged at him. Now that I’d gotten all dolled up, we might as well go through with the evening. Besides, even though he didn’t want to be there, I sensed he wouldn’t abandon the Firework Cruise so easily.

He sighed and let me pull him toward the ship. “I’m here because Pierce Industries sponsors this event. I have to go. If I don’t, it reflects poorly on the corporation.”

I put on an exaggerated frown. “Poor Hudson Alexander Pierce. Born into responsibility and obligation. Oh, and money and opportunity.”

He looked at me, an eyebrow raised. “Really?”

“A little, yeah. If you’re going to throw a pity party, H, I’m not planning to attend.” Frankly, I was tired of his cranky mood. I wanted fun Hudson for the evening.

The edges of his mouth relaxed ever so slightly. “I’m not throwing a pity party. It’s impossible for anyone to feel sorry for me when you’re at my side.” He pulled me closer to him so his arm could circle my waist.

“Yeah, that’s why people envy you.”

This got me a smile. “If it’s not, it’s the reason that they should.”

At the end of the dock, a man dressed in naval attire stood waiting by the plank leading to the yacht.

“Good evening, Mr. Pierce. We’re ready to cast off whenever you are, sir.”

Hudson nodded. “Then let’s go.” He motioned me ahead of him, but I heard the man, who I assumed was the captain, whispering something else to Hudson behind me.

I stepped off the plank onto the boat deck then looked back to see Hudson’s expression had grown grim.

“I’d rather not cause a scene,” he said, his voice low. “But have the crew keep an eye out for any trouble.”

“Yes, sir.”

Hudson climbed aboard, putting his hand at the small of my back when he’d reached me.

“Is everything okay?”

“Fine.” His tone was terse.

Dammit. Whatever the captain had said to him seemed to have undone the progress I’d made at ridding Hudson of his bad mood.

I knew from experience that pressing the matter would only make him grumpier. But I couldn’t help myself. “Hudson, honesty and transparency…remember?”

He glared at me for three solid seconds before his features softened. “It’s nothing. An uninvited guest arrived. That’s all.”

I suddenly felt guilty for teasing him about his obligations. Even on a holiday night when he should be enjoying himself, he couldn’t relax. He’d always have to take care of something, manage someone. No wonder these events were such a pain in the ass.

Making up my mind to try to give him the best night possible, I let the subject of the uninvited guest go, even though I was itching to know more of the details. The last thing Hudson needed was me badgering him.

Instead, I worked again to make him more amiable. I leaned into him and whispered, “By the way, I meant to tell you that I got waxed yesterday.” Since he’d been asleep when I got home, I hadn’t gotten a chance to show him. Which was probably best since the recommendation was to wait twenty-four hours after waxing before having sex.

“Waxed?” Hudson said too loudly, his brow furrowed in confusion. Then understanding set in. “Oh.” Immediately his expression lit with interest.

Behind us, a crew member that was helping the captain draw the plank into the ship looked up, obviously also getting my meaning.

Hudson glared at the man, and ushered me further onto the deck with him. “Tell me more.” This time his volume was appropriately quieter.

“I’m talking waxed. Like, all the way. Bare.” Normally, I kept a little more than a landing strip. This was the first time since I’d been with Hudson that I’d gone clean.

Hudson’s eyes narrowed as he adjusted himself. “Are you trying to make this the most uncomfortable night of my life?”

“I was trying to give you something to look forward to, Mr. Grumpy Pants.”

“Mr. Strained Pants, I think you mean.”

I laughed. “Is that going to be a problem?”

“For you.” He pulled me against him so that I could feel his erection against my belly. “It’s going to be a long evening. By the time I finally get to be inside you, I’m going to need to be there for a long time. And I don’t expect that I’ll be able to be gentle.”

Okay, wow. “No complaints here.”

“Good girl.” He stared longingly at my lips, but he didn’t kiss me. Finally, he said, “I’ll try to improve my mood. Let’s go. The sooner the socializing is over, the sooner I can bury my face between your thighs.”

Hudson led me up the stairs to the main deck. I’d never been on a yacht before, but I was pretty sure this one was more luxurious than most. I looked up the side of the boat and counted four decks, plus the mini one that we’d entered on. The deck furniture was simple but in good taste. Amazing taste, actually. At least what I could see of it. Most of it was covered by bodies. Dozens and dozens of bodies. There were at least forty people already in full party mode on this deck. Above me, more people leaned on the deck railings. And we hadn’t even gotten to the inside yet.

I followed Hudson through the throngs of people and inside to a grand lounge. This area was even more packed then the decks. “How many people are here?” I asked.

He nodded at a server across the room who immediately headed our way. “There were two hundred invited. They were each allowed one guest. We only take this many people out for the annual Macy’s fireworks. There are fourteen staterooms, so we’d never actually travel with this many aboard.”

Hudson took two champagne glasses from the server and handed one to me. He clinked his glass to mine before taking a swallow. “Except for a few other important people, we’ll be the only ones sleeping here tonight.”

“Hopefully there won’t be much sleeping.” The bare skin between my thighs was aching for the attention it had been promised.

“You’ll pay for your teasing later.”

Just then, the boat launched smoothly into the river. I grabbed Hudson’s arm to adjust to the motion as the crowd erupted into cheers. The place was utter chaos. Definitely not my boyfriend’s usual type of scene. No wonder he’d been anxious.

We made our way up the grand staircase to an upper level, stopping every so often so that Hudson could greet a guest. He introduced me to all of them, sometimes as his girlfriend, sometimes as the promotions manager of his club. I guessed he chose my title depending on how it would benefit me and my career. Always looking out for me.

The next room we ended up in looked like a large living room. A bar curved around the wall and an abundance of couches and armchairs filled the space. A giant flat-screen TV graced one wall. It was turned onto the telecast of the pre-fireworks show though no one seemed to be paying attention. This room was also crowded, but I heard my name called through the buzz of conversation.

I turned toward the voice and found Hudson’s sister sitting on a couch in the corner. She stood as we approached her, and I bent to embrace the petite woman I’d grown to love nearly as much as her brother. It was amazing how tightly she could hug with her pregnant belly between us.

When she released me, I checked out her dark blue maxi maternity dress. “Mira. You look adorable!”

“Ugh, thanks. I feel like a whale.” She reached to give Hudson a hug, which he tolerated. “Hello, brother. Glad to see you back in the States, though you ruined all my amazing planning.”

Before Hudson had shown up at The Sky Launch on Sunday night, I’d planned to fly to Japan and surprise him. Mira had helped make all the arrangements.

“Not that I’m complaining,” she added before Hudson could respond. “You did good. I’m proud of you.”

Hudson glowered at his little sister. He wasn’t the type to accept praise. And Mira was the type to give it anyway.

I decided to come to Hudson’s rescue before Mira could continue. “Did Adam abandon you?” I looked around for her husband.

“Nah, he’s finding me something nonalcoholic to drink. It’s surprisingly difficult.”

“Ah.” More like he was probably hiding from the crowd. Adam was another antisocial member of the family. At least Hudson knew how to fake it.

Mira sat back down on the couch, hitting the spot next to her. “Come. Sit. How did you manage to get a holiday off from the club?”

I shrugged as I took the seat next to her. “I’m sleeping with the owner.”

“Nice.” She shook her head like she was frustrated with herself. “I’m such a dummy! You were supposed to be in Japan. I guess you already got your shifts covered.”

“Yes. David and another manager are covering the next few days.” I should have felt guilty mentioning David. I didn’t. In fact, for some reason I decided to poke at Hudson. “But I won’t be able to count on David after this week.”

Hudson scowled down at me.

“Why?” Mira asked.

I set my empty glass on the end table next to me. “Hudson transferred him to Adora in Atlantic City.”

Mira looked from me to her brother. “Seems like there’s a story there.”

Hudson perched on the arm of the sofa. “You actually have him for two more weeks. I asked him to stay a little longer while we look for his replacement.”

Well, that was news. Good news. It gave me longer to figure out my role at the club.

Mira’s face twisted in confusion. “Look for his replacement? Why Laynie, of course. Duh.”

“Um…” I’d brought it up. I should have been prepared to be put on the spot. I did want the position, and each day I grew more and more comfortable with the idea. But I still wasn’t ready to make the commitment.

She must have read the complexity of the situation in my face. “Another story, I’m supposing.”

“Yeah. Let’s not go there.” I patted Hudson’s knee. “This guy’s cranky as it is. Jet lag and everything.”

“Got it. You look gorgeous, by the way. That’s not one of mine though.” She pursed her lips.

“Whoops.” Pretty much my whole wardrobe these days was from Mirabelle’s boutique, but wanting to be patriotic, I’d chosen a simple red flare dress with a nearly bare back from my club wardrobe.

She smirked. “You’re coming to my Grand Reopening, right?”

I’d only recently found out she was remodeling. I had no idea an event was attached. But this was the social butterfly, Mirabelle. Of course there’d be an event attached. “Sure. When is it?”

“You didn’t tell her?” She reached over me to swat Hudson.

“It slipped my mind.”

“Hudson, you are such an ass!” To me, she said, “The twenty-second. It’s a Saturday.”

“I’ll have to make sure someone else closes the night before, but that shouldn’t be a problem.” I was already thinking in terms of being responsible for The Sky Launch. Who was I kidding? I’d totally decided the job was mine.

“Oh!” Her eyes widened. “Will you be one of my models? Please say yes. Please, please, please.”

“Um, sure?” It was nearly impossible to say no to the girl, but modeling was not something I had any interest in. Wearing pretty clothes, on the other hand… “What does it involve? Like, do I have to walk a runway?”

“Don’t be silly. I didn’t remodel that much. Okay, it’s a small runway but not like what you’re thinking. It’s almost nothing. I’m simply showing off a few of my favorite looks for publicity. So I just need you to stand there and look gorgeous in one of my outfits while people take pictures of you.”

Except for the pictures part, it sounded fabulous. “Okay. I’m in.”

“Awesome! Can you come by sometime to get fitted? Like next Monday? Around one?”

My schedule was up to me and I didn’t have any appointments set since I had planned to be overseas. But going to Mira’s meant a good chance I’d see Stacy. She hadn’t responded to my text, but did that matter?

“Why are you hesitating?” Mira looked offended.

“Sorry. I was running through my schedule in my mind. Yes. I can be there then.” What was Stacy going to do anyway? Force me to watch her video? That was ridiculous.

“Yay!” Mira made pom-poms with balled-up fists and shook them in the air.

Beside me, I felt Hudson tense. Then a familiar voice said, “Ah, here’s where the party is.”

“Jack!” I stood to give Hudson’s father a hug, careful not to knock the drinks he held, one in each hand. “I didn’t realize you’d be here.”

“He wasn’t invited.” Hudson bit out.

Aha. The uninvited guest from earlier. As if Jack would cause a scene. Or maybe it was Hudson that would disturb the peace. He seemed less than pleased to see his father aboard the yacht.

Jack only smiled at Hudson’s displeasure, his eyes gleaming like they often did when he was about to be contrary. “I’m a Pierce. My invitation’s standing.”

Leaning toward me, Jack said, “Hudson isn’t speaking to me.”

The last time Jack and Hudson had seen each other was the day that Jack admitted fathering Celia’s baby. It had been a secret that Hudson had been determined to keep from his mother. He was not happy that Jack had spilled the beans. “Oh, I suppose he isn’t.” And while I was thinking of the horrid woman… “Is Sophia with you?”

Jack scratched his temple. “She’s not speaking to me either.”

“Serves you right.” Mira’s words were more sassy than chiding. The girl didn’t have it in her to be volatile.

Jack nodded toward his daughter. “Can’t figure out what I have to do to get this one to stop speaking to me.”

“Daddy!”

He winked at Mira. “I’m teasing, pumpkin. You’re the light of my life, and you know it. Here, I brought you a virgin daiquiri.”

Mira harrumphed but took the drink from her father’s outstretched hand. “I’m not exactly happy with you these days myself, you know.”

Jack sighed. “I know. Chandler’s keeping your mother company tonight so she’s not alone. You’re a sweet girl to be worried about her. I’ll try to make it up to you sometime.”

“It’s not me you need to make up to,” Mira said under her breath.

Either not hearing or decidedly ignoring his daughter, Jack turned his attention back to me. “How are you?”

“I’m good. And I’m so glad to see you. I wanted to thank you. For being my support when all that went down.” Jack had been one of the few people on my side when Celia had accused me of harassing her. Bringing it up now, I felt that small pang of betrayal. Hudson was right—it wasn’t so easy to forget that kind of pain.

“It was nothing, Laynie. I knew whom we were dealing with. I would have thought others here would have too.” He didn’t bother to look at Hudson, but his words hit their mark just the same.

I hadn’t meant for the conversation to go that direction. Despite the hurt he’d caused, Hudson had valid reasons to think Celia’s accusations might be true. “To be fair, you don’t know me quite as well as others here do either. But anyway, thank you.” I took Jack’s hand in mine and squeezed.

“Alayna…” Hudson warned.

I let go of Jack’s hand and turned to look at my man who was now standing. His stance was foreboding, even with his hand tucked casually in his pocket. His jaw flexed and his eyes darkened with warning. It was surprisingly hot.

“Jealousy doesn’t look good on you, son.”

I disagreed. Jealousy did look good on Hudson. Quite good indeed.

A low grumble came from the back of his throat.

Jack cocked his head. “Did he just growl?”

Though Jack was clearly not Hudson’s competition, I understood his reasons for feeling that way. It wasn’t worth it to try to convince him otherwise. “Obviously I’d love to talk more, Jack, but it doesn’t seem like it would be a good idea.”

He took a sip from the clear drink in his hand as he eyed his son. “No, it doesn’t.” Again, he addressed me, his free hand on my shoulder. “I’m glad you’re still here. In his life, I mean. Even though he’s a stubborn oaf that blames me for all the wrongs in my relationship with his mother—”

“Are you saying that you aren’t at fault?” Hudson challenged.

Jack’s face lit up. “He’s speaking to me!”

Hudson wiped his brow. “Ah, Jesus.”

“Anyway, I’m glad you’re with him, Laynie. He needs you more than he probably realizes. And there’s no doubt he recognizes your worth. That boy has real feelings for you.” His eyes drifted to Hudson. “Look. He’s blushing.”

“He is!” Mira exclaimed excitedly. She was a hopeless romantic and never pretended otherwise.

“I am not.” But Hudson’s protest only darkened the red in his cheeks.

Jack laughed. “See? His love for you is written all over his face.”

Hudson stepped forward and put his arm possessively around my waist. “Could you stop pawing my girlfriend?”

Jack rolled his eyes but removed his hand from my shoulder.

The whole scene was amusing, not to mention a big a turn-on. I didn’t at all mind when Hudson got all alpha male on me. In fact, I may have even provoked it in him. “I’ll have to tell you more how appreciative I am when we get together sometime.”

“No, no, no. Not happening,” Hudson fumed.

Jack chuckled. “Look at you rile him up on purpose. You’re a wicked little woman, Alayna Withers.” He looked us over, as if taking in all of who we are and what we meant to each other. “Perfect.”

“That’s it. We’re done here.” Hudson turned me away from his family.

“Talk later,” I called over my shoulder.

“Monday!” Mira reminded after me.

Yes, Monday. At the boutique. With Stacy.

A knot formed in my gut. The thought crossed my mind without permission—what was on that video? Was there actually something I should be concerned with?

I wouldn’t watch it, whatever it was. I’d said I didn’t need to.

But wondering about it still—that I couldn’t help. I was only human, after all.





Chapter Four





Hudson escorted me out to the deck and I let thoughts of the video float away in the breeze.

I turned into him and surprised him with a deep kiss.

“What was that for?” he asked when I came up for air.

“No reason.” Except that I needed it. He seemed to need it as well. “You know there’s no reason to be jealous of me and your father, right?”

“Uh huh.” He pushed out of my arms and took my hand, leading me up the deck.

“He’s attractive. I won’t deny that.”

“Not helping.”

He was in front of me and couldn’t see my smile. I was only teasing him, but he needed to know that I’d never betray him with Jack. “There’s nothing between us. No chemistry at all. And if you stopped wanting me, I’d never retaliate against you like that. I’m not Celia.”

He spun toward me. “I know you’re not Celia. You don’t think I fucking know that?”

His heated reaction threw me off guard. “I…didn’t…”

He pulled me back into his arms, clutching me tightly. “And don’t talk about me not wanting you. Ever. It’s not even a breath of a possibility.”

I wrapped my arms around him, shocked by his desperate tone. “Okay. I won’t.”

He kissed my temple. “Thank you.” He held me like that for a long beat before he relaxed his grip on me. “The fireworks are getting ready to start. I have a spot reserved for us at the bow.”

“The bow?” I was so not a boat person.

“The front of the yacht. We’ll have an excellent view.” Though his eyes were perusing my body, and I wondered if he wasn’t talking about the view of the sky.

“Awesome.” I let my own eyes graze his perfect form before shaking myself out of my lustful stare. “I need to use the restroom before the show starts. I’ll meet you there?”

He reached in his pocket and pulled out a key. “Use the one in our stateroom. No lines. Number Three. It’s just in there.” He nodded toward an entry back into the ship. “Oh, and when you come back, I’d like you not to be wearing any panties.”

I grinned as I took the key from him. “You got it, H.” I knew what that was about. He’d felt threatened by his father and by talk of not being together. Having me at his beck and call was another way for him to feel reassured. Silly man with his insecurities. How did he not know that I completely belonged to him?

It only took a few minutes to find our stateroom. It was beautiful and grand like the rest of the ship and as large as our bedroom back at The Bowery. I didn’t linger, eager to get back to the show and, more importantly, Hudson. I used the bathroom, leaving my underwear hanging off the side of the tub, and returned to the deck just as the sky lit up with the first explosion of light.

Hudson was waiting for me at the front—the bow—of the ship. He’d acquired a spot at the railing between two small caterer stands where partiers could set empty glasses. Though there were still people everywhere, it gave us a little bit of seclusion, as bodies weren’t pressed right up against us like they were around the rest of the yacht.

Not that I minded a body pressed up against mine. As long as it was Hudson’s.

His eyes lit up when he saw me. I handed him the stateroom key, which he pocketed, then he held out his hand for mine. “Come here.” He tugged me in front of him.

I waited for his arms to circle around me, but instead he grabbed my ass through my dress, squeezing my cheeks. A breeze blew over the river and the feel of the air against my very bare pussy, plus Hudson’s massage of my behind, had me feeling aroused.

“Good,” he whispered. “You obeyed.”

Ah, so the butt rub was simply a panty check. Whatever the reason, I’d take it.

Hudson propped his leg on the lower rail and continued caressing my behind while, overhead, the sky lit up again and again. Each time the sparks caused cheers from the crowd, drowning out the sound of the music blaring from inside the ship. I’d never been so close to the Macy’s Annual Fireworks, and I was mesmerized. They shot above the river from at least seven different barges, simultaneously turning the darkness into a flash of color—magical.

Things got even more magical when Hudson’s arms wrapped around me. And then his hand made its way under my skirt, hiking the fabric up around my waist, flirting with the skin above my pubic bone.

I was exposed to the night. Though Hudson’s propped leg covered the view on one side of us, the crowd on the other side of me only had to move their interest from the sky to us, and they’d see.

I inhaled sharply. “What are you doing?”

“Setting off fireworks.” His mouth was at my ear, rumbling with the rockets in the sky.

Fuck, I didn’t care who could see—I was turned on.

My eyes burned from the blaze overhead, my nerves lit from Hudson’s touch, my lower belly sparking with need.

“Spread,” he commanded.

I obeyed, lifting my left foot onto the lower rail, mirroring his stance. It gave more privacy, blocking the view from the other side of us. Yet it wouldn’t take a genius to figure out what he was doing to me—all anyone had to do was pay attention.

With full access, Hudson stroked over my pussy, sweetly grazing the newly exposed area. “Ever since you told me you were bare, I’ve been thinking about touching you.” His breath at my neck drove a shiver down my spine.

Then his fingers slid between my lips, finding the sensitive nub, and I thought I might burst—burst with the fireworks above me. He settled his thumb on my clit, circling with expert pressure. “God, precious, I couldn’t keep my hands off you if I tried. You’re so slick already.”

“Hudson.” It was barely a word, more of a cry, really. Louder than I’d intended, drawing a glance from a couple not far from us.

Hudson’s hand froze. “If you want to come, Alayna, you have to promise me you can be quiet.”

“Okay.” Anything. Anything to make him keep touching me.

He started his movement again, his thumb dancing over my clit as his fingers went lower. “Do you know what it does to me to see you come apart?” he taunted, his touch now spiraling around my hole. “Do you?”

How did he think I could talk? “No,” I managed on a breathy exhale.

“It drives me fucking insane.” He jabbed two fingers inside. At least, it felt like two fingers. It was difficult to be certain. All I knew for sure was that it felt amazing.

He plunged again as his thumb resumed whirling over my clit. Swirling and plunging, he fucked me with his hand, right there, in the open air, as the crowd around us stared upward in a patriotic daze.

So. Fucking. Hot.

The tension was building, tightening in my womb.

Then his lips were moving at my ear again. “Sometimes it’s all I think about. Taking you to the edge. Watching you spill over. It’s the most goddamned beautiful thing there is.”

I was close. So close. About to explode. I leaned back against him, rubbing his erection with my ass. I felt incredible. Sexy. On fire. Small grunts formed at the back of my throat.

“Bite on your hand to stifle your screams if you need to.”

I wanted to challenge him—to say, oh you’re so sure I’ll be screaming—but then he bent his fingers and stroked against a particularly sensitive spot. A moan escaped from my lips.

“Hand,” he ordered.

Just in time, I flung my hand to my mouth, biting down on my finger as I came. My orgasm flared through me, erupting in tandem with a spectacular sequence of fireworks. I couldn’t tell what parts of my blinded vision were from the display and which were from Hudson. It was glorious.

But I wasn’t nearly sated.

I wanted more. Wanted him.

I spun into him, kissing him with frenzy. My hand rubbed his cock through his pants. He was so hard. He wanted me as much as I wanted him. More, maybe.

The fireworks show wasn’t over. I didn’t care. “Take me to bed,” I demanded against his lips.

It was Hudson’s turn to groan. I swallowed the sound with another wet kiss, licking into his mouth with deep strokes. God, he tasted good. I couldn’t get enough of him, was ready to fuck him right there on the deck.

Somehow Hudson found the strength to untangle from my embrace. “Jesus, woman.” His eyes were nearly black with desire. Then he turned toward the entry to the staterooms, pulling me behind him.

The crowd cheered at that moment. For the fireworks, of course, but it drew my gaze up.

That’s when I saw her.

On the upper deck, looking down at me was Celia Werner. My mind flashed back to my dream and the terror that accompanied it sparked through me. Her eyes met mine, piercing through me, and I suddenly understood the phrase “shooting daggers.” Anger emitted from her cold stare. Hudson had said it was he that she was mad at, and maybe she was mad at him. But she hated me. It was evident in her entire posture.

A chill ran down my spine as, again, I realized she’d always be there. She’d always be threatening at the periphery of my life with Hudson.

The realization only fueled my need for Hudson to be inside me.

I pushed Hudson onward, determined to recapture the mood from a moment before, to remind myself that I was the one with him, not her. Me. Only me.

As soon as we were in the hallway leading to the staterooms, we were kissing again. He pushed me against the wall, his hands reaching under my dress to fondle my naked ass.

Desperate to make his groin meet mine, I curled my leg around his thigh. He relaxed his pressure so that I could jump up and wrap my legs around his waist. He sucked and licked along my neck as he carried me to our room. There, he braced me against the other wall so he could fumble with the key and the lock, swearing as he did until we were finally inside with the door shut behind us.

Panting, we both broke into a laugh. Hudson’s serious demeanor made outbursts like this rare, and I swam in the sound of his unbridled amusement.

Until our eyes met.

Then we were lip-locked once again.

With me still wrapped around him, he sat—more like fell—onto the bed. I didn’t hesitate, scrambling down to the floor to my knees so I could undo his belt. He toed his shoes off and lifted his hips so I could pull his pants and briefs down.

As soon as his cock sprang free, my eyes were glued. I wanted to lick it, to take it in my mouth, to feel it filling me, twitching in me. But there were still clothes in the way, and I needed to be naked. Needed him naked.

I reached my arms up so Hudson could pull my dress over my head. The backless nature of the outfit hadn’t allowed for a bra to be worn. Thank god. One less item to be removed. While he worked on unbuttoning his shirt, I circled my hands around his penis. Damn, it was steel. I only had time to stroke him a couple of times before he was pulling me with him onto the bed.

Both of us naked, we pressed into each other with a frantic need to be skin-on-skin in as many places as possible. Our hands explored like it was the first time, like we might never have the chance again—caressing and touching while we kissed with fevered passion. Hudson’s fingers eventually made their way to my lower regions where I wanted him most.

He slid through my wet folds once before tearing abruptly away. “Turn around and kneel above my face. I have to lick you.”

I shook as I clambered into the position. Hudson had gone down on me plenty of times, but never with me hovering over him in such a carnal way. It felt dirty and base and so, so sexy.

When I was bent over his face, he put his hands on my thighs and slid my knees further apart so that my cunt was a half an inch above his mouth. I was squirming before his tongue ever touched me. And he took his time before it did, blowing across my clit first, sending delicious little sparks through my limbs.

I peered down at the erotic sight of him between my legs and watched as he buried his nose in my lips and inhaled. “You smell so fucking good,” he groaned.

Holy. Fuck. I almost came right there.

Then—finally—his tongue flicked across my already excited clit. My body lurched and I cried out, fingernails digging into his hips. Amazing…so amazing.

How could it always be so amazing?

As I struggled to hold on, to not go over too quickly, I saw his cock twitch below me. There was no question that I had to have him in my mouth. Immediately. I grasped my hands around the base of his shaft and slid his crown past my lips like I was sucking on a Popsicle. Only Hudson was much yummier.

His whole body shifted underneath me, his grasp on my thighs tightening. “Fuck, yes! Suck it.”

It was what I loved the most about sucking Hudson off—that I could have power over him. I was always the one who fell under his spell. I enjoyed the way he molded me, manipulated my body, bent me to his will—I craved it. But when I had his cock in my mouth, I finally understood why he liked being in control. It was quite heady to be the one making him twist and writhe. Making him succumb to me.

And while I bobbed over him, he continued to suckle at my core. The ecstasy warred with my solemn intention to give to the man who was always giving to me. My insides tightened and I felt close to coming, but I held on, focusing on him. He thickened as I hollowed my cheeks and increased my tempo. My free hand ran up and down the inside of his thigh, then moved to cup his balls. He groaned and that was when I knew he was as close as I was. It was a battle—who would get there first? And who would the winner be? The one who came or the one who didn’t?

I considered it my victory when he pushed me away. “That’s enough. On your back. I need to come inside you.”

I swiveled to do as he commanded. I bent my knees, planted my feet on the bed, and spread my legs as Hudson scooted toward me. But instead of covering me with his body, he stayed kneeling. Lifting me under my ass, he urged me up into an arch. One hand moved to support me under my thigh. The other moved to rub my still-throbbing clit.

Talk about a view. I had the perfect vantage point to see his cock knocking against my bare pussy.

“I’m so turned on right now, Alayna. It’s going to be rough.”

He was asking my permission. Crazy, because I trusted him implicitly with my body. Trusted him with all of me.

My eyes met his. “Please.”

He groaned. Then he plunged in, deep and hard, just as he’d promised.

I cried out, fisting the sheets. I had already been on the brink and the minute he entered my channel, my orgasm ripped through me.

Hudson wasn’t slowing at all as I clenched around his cock. He drove into me with single-minded fury, over and over. His thighs slapped against mine, the sound driving me mad, stirring up another climax within me. He talked to me—crazy sex talk that I could barely make meaning of in my haze. Each word punctuated as he thrust in, in, in. “You’re. So. God. Damn. Hot. You. Make. Me. Come. So. Hard.”

And then we were both coming. So hard. He pushed into me with a long groan. My eyes were glued to him, and I watched his entire torso stiffen as his hips bucked against my pelvis. Then my own vision went white, clouding with the intensity of my release. His name was on my tongue, both a curse and a prayer as I surrendered to the convulsions that begged to overtake me.

God, oh, god.

It seemed ages before I recovered enough to speak—to think. When I could, Hudson had already fallen on the bed beside me. He was equally affected, I knew. If he weren’t, he’d be holding me. Instead, we lay side by side, our shoulders the only parts of our bodies touching, yet the connected feeling was palpable.

I took a final deep breath. “That was incredible.” Incredible was an understatement. There weren’t words for what it really was. I looked over at the glorious lover beside me. “Seriously. How does sex with you just keep getting better and better?”

Hudson didn’t pause in his answer. “We’ve learned to trust each other.”

“Is that what it is?” It meant a lot that he trusted me after the things I’d done. In many ways I didn’t deserve it. But I would never betray him again. I’d grown past that.

“Yes. That’s what it is.” He turned his head toward me, his eyes narrowed. “Did I hurt you?”

“In only the best ways.” He had been rougher than usual. But I’d loved every second of it, even though I now felt raw and a bit tender. “I had no idea you were so into a shaved pussy.”

He smiled, his shoulder lifting as if in a half-hearted shrug. “I’ve never really cared. It’s you I’m into. Shaved, bushy—I’ll take you.”

I giggled. “I’ve never been bushy with you.” Bushy had never been my style. But if it was something Hudson wanted…

“But you could be and I’d be turned on.” His eyes darkened and I could tell he was imagining it. “Jesus, now I’m hard again.”

“Are you kidding me?”

“No. I’m not.” He nodded down toward his penis.

I had to look. Sure enough, it was hard. “You’re such a horn-dog.”

“Perhaps.” Except he’d always said it was me that made him crazy, no one else.

Could that be true? Could it really only be me that turned him on to no end, transforming him into a greedy lover?

It had been true for me. Until him, sex had been fun, but that’s all. Sometimes it could even begin an unhealthy obsession. But my addictions had never been about the physical. With Hudson it wasn’t exactly about the sex, either. It was more about wanting to be as close to him as possible. And, because it was Hudson and he communicated best with his body, being as close to him as possible involved being naked.

He’d never let anyone in before. Maybe sex really had only been for sport in the past. With us, it was speech.

Which might have something to do with why we still had such trouble talking to each other.

We were working on that though. So I brought up the subject that I knew neither of us wanted to broach. “I saw Celia.”

Hudson groaned. “And now I’m soft.”

My eyes flicked downward. “No, you’re not.”

“It feels like I should be. Come on—Celia?”

“Sorry. I thought you should know.”

“I suppose I should.” He sighed. “Did she bother you at all?”

“No. I didn’t talk to her. It was as we were coming down here. I think she was watching. On the deck above. When…you know.” How come I could do completely nasty things with the man and still be so embarrassed about mentioning them outright?

“When I made you come all over my hand?” Leave it to Hudson to say it bluntly.

It was quite the turn-on, actually.

“Yeah, then.”

“Hope she enjoyed the show.” His expression was proud.

Like I’d said before—total horn-dog.

I started to tease him back but then I realized he hadn’t been surprised by her presence. “It wasn’t Jack you were referring to who was the uninvited guest, was it? It was Celia. How did she get here?”

Hudson ran both his hands through his hair. “She came with one of the men in my advertising department. He’s always been interested in her and she’s never given him a second look. I’m sure she used his crush simply to get on-board tonight.”

It was obvious he didn’t want to talk about her, but he was willing so I pressed on. “Why does she want to be here so badly?”

“Maybe she wanted to see if we were still together. I don’t know. You know more about that kind of obsession than I do.” He didn’t say it to be hurtful. It was honest. I did know about that kind of obsession. Very well.

I let myself remember the reasons I’d been attracted to the men I’d stalked. “Somehow your attention validates her. Makes her feel alive.” I felt my tone get heavy with years of sadness. Recalling those emotions of my past was not pleasant.

Hudson narrowed his eyes, trying to read me. “Do you think I’m being too cruel to her by cutting her out of my life?”

“No.” Though if I were right—if she really did feel the way I suspected she did about Hudson—then I understood the pure devastation that she had to be going through at his dismissal. “Does that make me a shitty person?”

“No.”

Whether he was right or wrong, I accepted his absolution without debate. Besides, just because I understood how she might feel didn’t mean I could soften the blow in any way. Even if she had Hudson, she’d never really think she did. I’d never believed the men who were with me were really with me. Believing Hudson actually cared for me had taken a great deal of healing on my part. Those were steps Celia would have to take on her own.

But if Celia truly were obsessed with Hudson in the ways I used to be…

I shuddered to think of the lengths she might go to in order to win him. I voiced the nagging concern that had been tugging at me the entire night. “She’s never really going to be out of our lives, is she? She’s always going to try to destroy us.”

Hudson rolled to his side to face me. “It doesn’t matter.” He cupped my face, lining his eyes with mine. “You belong to me, precious. You belong with me. I won’t let anything come between us. I won’t let anything hurt you. Especially not her.”

The man couldn’t say I love you, but somehow he knew how to make declarations that struck right into the core of my heart. And his eyes—they backed up every word he said. I had no doubt that he would fight for me, fight for us. He hadn’t before. Now was a different story. Warmth spread from my chest throughout my body and I felt dangerously close to tearing up.

But I didn’t want to get emotional. I wanted to tell him how I felt in the way he understood best. With my body. I flashed a suggestive smile. “Now I’m turned on again.”

Hudson’s jaw relaxed and he pulled me flush with him. He leaned in until his mouth was a mere inch from mine. “So we can stop talking about her?”

He smelled of sex and champagne and Hudson, and my desire flamed instantly. “We can stop talking period.”

He covered me with his body, teasing me with flicks of his tongue along my jaw. At my neck, he nibbled and sucked, likely leaving a glaring hickey. Which was fine. Perfect, actually. He could mark me in any way he wanted. I was his. I wanted to be known as his.

I arched my back and pressed my breasts to his chest. God, I loved the feel of his skin against mine. My hips writhed underneath him, urging him to stop teasing and get on with it already.

He lifted his head to meet my eyes. “Stop rushing me,” he chided. He was always very conscientious about varying the moods of our lovemaking. The last time had been driven and furious. This time would be slow and sweet. Always, it was he that decided how it would go.

I didn’t prefer one tempo over another. Didn’t care if he made it fast or if he took all night. But as it was occurring, whichever way we were fucking, I always thought it was the best.

At his own pace, Hudson took me to where I wanted and needed to go. Loving me thoroughly with his body. Loving me entirely without words. Loving me completely.

And as we spun into the intoxication of our passionate interlude, I said to myself, this time. This time is the best.





Chapter Five





The boat docked while we’d been lost to each other in our stateroom. The drunken crowd had dispersed and The Magnolia was quiet—as if we were the only ones on Earth. Enveloped in Hudson’s arms with the gentle rocking of the water underneath, I slept better than I had in ages. I guessed he did too, if his mood had anything to say about it. His jet lag seemed to have finally been relieved. Oh, the power of great sex and a good night’s sleep.

We left before dawn, slipping off soundlessly. Jordan was waiting at the Maybach when we reached the top of the boardwalk. This time there were no reporters, no flashing bulbs—it was just the two of us and our driver as Hudson and I climbed into the back of the car.

Once on the road, I sidled up to Hudson, or as close as the restraints of the seat belts would allow. With his improved spirits, it was time to talk about the future. “I’ve been thinking about who’s going to manage The Sky Launch.”

“You.”

My head was tucked under his chin, but I could hear the smile in his voice.

I chuckled. “No pressure.”

“Yes, pressure. Lots and lots of pressure.” He stroked his hand down my hair. “I want you to run the club. I’ve always wanted you to run the club. I’ve told you that.”

I sat up to look at him. “I know. And that’s what I’ve been thinking about.”

“Go on.”

“I want to do it. I do. And I think I have the ideas and the marketing sense to pull it off.”

“You do.”

I’d only received my MBA a little more than a month before. I’d never been in charge of an entire business by myself. Hudson was being overly optimistic about my qualifications, especially when he intended to have very little to do with the day-to-day operations. “I adore that you think so highly of me, H, but I’m still lacking practical experience. Which was what I was looking forward to learning from David.”

Hudson rolled his eyes—an odd gesture on such a solemn face. “David would have held you back. You have more genius in your little pinky than—”

I cut him off with my finger to his lips. “Stop it. Your perception of my abilities is tainted.”

He kissed the top of my finger before he covered my hand with his and moved it to his lap. “It’s not.”

“Anyway.” There was no use arguing the subject. It was partly what had kept us at a standstill since he’d first brought up the idea. He believed I could do more than I believed I could do. It was endearing and empowering, but also overwhelming.

Still Hudson’s faith in me had worn me down. “I want to run the club. And I’m telling you yes to running the club—”

His eyes lit up. “Yes?”

“But on one condition.”

“That I also give you my body and soul? If you insist...”

I smiled but otherwise ignored his flirting. “I want to hire another full-time manager to share the load. Someone with the experience I don’t have.”

He considered. “I don’t see a problem with that. But I’d still want you to be the point person. And, hell, I’ll still throw in my body and soul.”

“Fine. That’s what I want.” I corrected myself before he could turn my words on me. “I mean I want to be the point person.”

“You don’t want my body and soul?” He twisted my words anyway. Of course.

“Shut up,” I scolded. “I already have that.”

“That you do.” He wrapped his arm tighter around my waist and kissed me on my forehead. “Go ahead and put an ad out today. Unless you already have someone in mind?”

“That’s just it.” It was hard for me to ask this. I’d been so insistent about me doing my job without Hudson interfering, but now I needed him to.

“What?”

I pulled away. It felt too odd to be in his embrace while discussing business. Too much like some form of nepotism. “Well, there’s no one at the club qualified. No one who knows more than I do. And if I put an ad out and got resumes…I just don’t think I’m going to find the type of person I’m looking for. Especially not as quickly as I need them. But maybe you, with your connections and everything…”

“You want me to find someone?”

I bit my lip. “Yes.”

“Done.”

“I haven’t even told you the type of person I’m looking for.”

He sighed. “Then tell me.”

This was hard for him too. I recognized that. He wanted to assume he knew what was best for me. Maybe he did. But if I was going to be his point person, I needed to have some control. “I’m thinking someone who has a history of managing a club or a restaurant, even. Someone with a resume. Someone who would know the right numbers for what should be incoming and outgoing and could handle the staff. I’d want to do most of the marketing and behind-the-scenes business while he or she would work more of the day-to-day operations. Or night-to-night operations, I guess is a better way to put it. Would you be able to find someone like that?”

“When would you want them to start?”

“Immediately. That way David could help with the training.”

“Like I said before, done.”

“Really?” I had expected more of an I’ll-see-what-I-can-do response. Hudson was powerful, but part of his effectiveness came from not making promises he couldn’t keep.

“Yes, really. I already have someone in mind. I’ll set something up.”

There. I’d done it. I’d agreed to run the club and it was happening under my terms. “Perfect.”

Hudson traced my cheek with his finger. “You know all you have to do is ask and it’s yours.”

A sudden wave of anxiety rolled through my belly. I turned to face the back of Jordan’s head. “Actually, I don’t know that, and honestly, that sort of makes me uncomfortable.”

Hudson put his hand on my neck. “Why?”

There were lots of reasons. But I settled on the most obvious. “I don’t want to be the floozy manager who only gets things because she’s fucking the owner.”

My eyes were still on Jordan. He was so good at his job—he didn’t even flinch at my crass language.

Hudson, it seemed, preferred that the conversation remain between us. He leaned in to whisper in my ear. “First of all, I love that you’re fucking the owner. Please don’t stop. Second, that’s not why you get things. You get things because you’re qualified. If you’d shown up to the interviews after the symposium, you would have had people fighting for you. But third, and most importantly, you get things from me because you’re my other half. Everything that is mine is yours. My connections, my money, my influence—it’s all half yours.”

I shivered. While I adored the sentiment—craved it, in fact—it also made my panic buttons go off. Those were the kinds of words that could make me think things I shouldn’t think. That I was more important than I was. That we were closer than we were. They were trigger words for me, and though I’d been healthy with Hudson, it had only come from diligence on my part.

But how I wanted to wrap myself in his declaration…

I swallowed. “I don’t know how to respond to that.”

Hudson nuzzled his nose against my earlobe. “You aren’t ready for that, I know. But I needed to tell you. As for your response, how about you say you’ll run our club?”

“I’ll run your club.”

“Ah—”

I knew my mistake immediately. Funny, how strongly I wanted to correct myself. I turned to meet his eyes. “I’ll run our club.”

“Now kiss me because you’ve made me a very happy man.”

He didn’t have to ask me twice. He didn’t even really have to ask me once, because his lips were covering mine as I opened my mouth to agree. His tongue slid in immediately, and he kissed me thoroughly until the car came to a stop in front of The Bowery.

Reluctantly, I released myself from his embrace. “Thank you, Hudson.” For the chance to run the club, for helping me be successful at it, for loving me in the best way you know how, for finding me in the first place.

He swept my hair away from my shoulder. “No. Thank you.”





I spent the rest of the day at the club. After I’d realized I wouldn’t be in Japan, I’d arranged to meet with Aaron Trent to discuss an advertising plan. Our meeting was at one-thirty that afternoon and preparations took all morning. Throwing myself into work was energizing. I loved marketing and scheming. For the first time since I’d learned David was leaving, I felt really good about The Sky Launch’s future and my part in it.

Because of all my prep, and because Aaron Trent had the best ad team in town, our session went well, and we finished up earlier than I’d expected. It was just after three when our meeting concluded. Suddenly exhausted, I curled up on the couch in David’s office to chill out.

“Great meeting,” David said, as he entered the office. “I’m bummed I won’t get to see the fruit of all your work today.”

“Don’t worry. I’ll keep you updated.” I stretched my arms in front of me. With the things Hudson had me doing the night before, it was no wonder I felt tired and sore. The memory brought a smile to my lips.

“What’s up with you today?”

I looked up to see David perched on the far arm of the couch, his eyes pinned on me. “What do you mean?”

His brow creased. “I don’t know if I can explain it. You’re different today. More on fire, if that’s possible.”

I thought for a moment. I’d always been passionate about my job, but that morning’s decision had instilled me with renewed vigor. “Well, I did tell Hudson this morning that I’d take your place when you leave.”

He beamed. “Finally! Now I can actually feel good about leaving.”

“Whatever. You’ve been excited about Adora since Hudson gave you the job.”

“Mostly because I’d thought Pierce was going to fire me. The promotion instead was a nice surprise.”

My smile faded. I’d convinced myself that David was eager to leave The Sky Launch. It made it easier to accept that he’d been pushed out because of my jealous boyfriend. Though I’d rather continue the illusion, the truth was more important.

I shifted my body to face David. “So you only agreed to take Adora because you thought you’d be fired from here if you didn’t?”

“Come on, Laynie. Let’s be honest. Pierce wasn’t going to let me stay here.”

David’s words may have been true, but I hadn’t gotten a chance to fight as hard as I would have liked to for him to stay. If he didn’t want to leave, if he really wanted to stay on at The Sky Launch, I’d go back to Hudson and duke it out. “But if he did—if that wasn’t the issue—would you have still said yes? Or would you have stayed here?”

David took a deep breath. “I’m not really sure, to be honest. Adora is the pinnacle of nightclubs. I’d never have an opportunity like that on my own. And I think I’ll do a good job there. There’s a whole team of managers I’ll be joining. I’ll have flexibility and support that I’ve never had before. It’s sort of my dream job.”

I relaxed some.

He moved from the arm to the cushion. “But it’s hard to leave the things you love. The move means leaving my home and my friends. This place.” He met my eyes. “You.”

“David…” I knew he had feelings for me, but now he was alluding to love. Dammit, that was closer than Hudson could get to saying I love you. I didn’t want to hear it.

He ignored my warning. “Don’t laugh, but I used to have this fantasy that we’d eventually run this place together.”

I couldn’t help but smile at that. “I used to have that same fantasy.” I’d pictured that we’d get married and be this really cool duo who ran the hottest club in town. That dream vanished when I met Hudson.

“Really?”

“Yes, really.” Immediately I regretted the confession. David’s expression said it meant more than I wanted it to mean.

I swung my legs around so I was no longer facing him. “I mean, seriously. This place needs two managers. It was silly that you did it alone for so long.”

“I wasn’t really alone. The staff is full of great assistant managers.”

I smirked. “That’s not the same. Full-time commitment is what you need. I asked Hudson to find a partner for me today.” I looked down at my lap. “I don’t want to do it alone.”

David scooted closer. He lifted my chin with his finger. “Say the word and I’ll stay.”

“I can’t ask you to do that, David.” My voice was practically a whisper.

“You could.”

“No, I couldn’t. And you know why.”

He dropped his hand to his lap. “I do. But in answer to your earlier question—if it weren’t for Pierce, I’d never leave. You can pretend to interpret that any way you need to, but you know what I’m really saying.”

“I…I’m…um.” I bit my lip. David had been such a great friend when I’d had very few. And for a while, he’d been more. I was heartbroken that he was leaving. But I in no way returned the feelings he seemed to be declaring.

“You don’t have to respond. I get it. You’re with him.” He wouldn’t even say Hudson’s name.

“I am with him. Completely.”

“And if you’re ever not…” David had told me before that he’d be there if I decided things with Hudson weren’t working out. It was a ridiculous thing to promise. Especially because I was over him, and, even without Hudson, I wouldn’t fall back to David.

But I wouldn’t be that blunt about it to his face. He was already leaving. I didn’t need to hurt him further. So instead, we sat in awkward silence for several thick seconds while I debated what I could say that would be a gentle letdown.

Fortunately, I was saved by the ringing of my phone. I rushed to pick it up from the side table next to me, not even bothering to look at whom the call was from.

“Laynie!” Mira’s voice bubbled through the earpiece. “Are you busy? Can you talk?”

I stood and distanced myself from David. “Of course I can talk. What’s up?”

“I was wondering if I could ask a favor.”

“On top of being a model at your event?” I was only teasing. I’d do practically anything for the girl. She’d welcomed me into her family even before Hudson had. I owed her.

“A different favor. Man, I’m kind of needy these days, aren’t I?”

“How about I refrain from answering that until you tell me what the favor is?” Absentmindedly, I paced the room as we talked.

“Fair enough. Dad wants to have lunch with me tomorrow. And I don’t really want to be alone with his sorry ass. And I’d love to see you. So would you consider joining us?”

“I’d love to!” Thinking about Jack put a smile on my face. There was no way Hudson would approve of me seeing him on my own, but what could he say if I was with Mira? I’d be honest about it, tell him upfront and it would be fine. “But why don’t you want to be alone with him?”

“He’s trying to make up for all the crap with Celia. He doesn’t get that I’m not the one he needs to make up with. I don’t really give a flying fig what he did or didn’t do or should have done. I just want him and Mom to grow up and act like adults for half a second. I mean, wouldn’t that be so nice?”

Sophia and Jack grow up? “Keep dreaming.”

“I know, I know. Anyway, we’re meeting at Perry Street at one. I’ll call and add you to the reservation. Yay! You turned something dreadful into something I’m looking forward to!”

“I’m looking forward to it, too.”

I hung up and stuffed my phone in my bra then glanced over and saw David working at his desk. Or, rather, pretending to work. He kept sneaking looks at me and I wondered if he wanted to say more than he had. I hoped not.

Instead of waiting to find out, I announced that I had a few errands to run. They weren’t pressing, but after his declaration, the office felt stifling.

I stepped out into the summer heat and pulled my sunglasses on. Since I’d left spur of the moment, I didn’t have a chance to call Jordan for a ride. The stops I wanted to make were nearby anyway. I could walk everywhere I planned to go. Besides, it was a beautiful day and it was nice to be out in the fresh air.

I didn’t notice my follower until I’d nearly reached the first place I needed to go—a graphics shop a few blocks away from Columbus Circle. Perhaps I’d been too preoccupied with thoughts of David and the club. And Hudson—always Hudson. Otherwise, I’m sure I would have spotted her earlier. When I finally did notice her, I knew immediately it wasn’t a coincidence that she was walking down Eighth Avenue at the same time I was. I also knew that she meant to be seen. I was an experienced stalker, after all. With a little effort, it’s not that hard to remain unnoticed.

Celia wasn’t trying to remain hidden at all.

She stopped when I stopped. Started again when I started. All the time her eyes were pinned directly on me. My heart beat furiously, but I remained cool, keeping an even pace to my steps. When I went into the graphics shop, she thankfully didn’t follow. But she took her place outside the front window so that I could see she was there.

Celia hadn’t exactly done anything to me, hadn’t spoken to me, but her presence wrapped me in a blanket of fear. I knew without a doubt she was making a statement—I’m here. I see you. You can’t escape me. Was this what Paul Kresh had felt when I’d followed him around for weeks at a time? It was an awful feeling and the regret for my past actions had never been so heavy.

There was a line at the counter, so I was able to take a few minutes to collect myself before my turn at the cashier. My thoughts raced to Celia’s motive. Maybe she wanted to talk to me. But she could text or email. And if she’d wanted to talk, why hadn’t she approached me?

No, she had a different intent with her stalking. First on the boat, now here—would she ever leave me alone? Was this another trick that she meant to somehow turn back on me later? Or did she simply mean to scare me?

If scare was the goal, she’d achieved it. But unlike the last time she’d screwed me over, I was prepared. Now she didn’t have my trust. After I texted Jordan telling him where I was and asking him to meet me, I used my phone to click a picture of her—I wanted proof. She saw me take the picture, I was certain, but she didn’t leave or seem concerned. Next, I called Hudson’s office.

“He’s in a meeting,” Trish, his secretary, informed me. “I’ll have him call you as soon as he’s finished.”

That wasn’t good enough. I knew he’d want me to interrupt him for this, but Trish would never do it herself. Hoping he’d check his cell phone, I shot him a text. I’m on my way to your office. I need to see you.

I was calmer when it was my turn at the cashier. I collected the table cards I had ordered, took a deep breath, and headed out of the store. I was terrified to walk out with Celia so near the entrance, but I wouldn’t let her see that. Thankfully, just as I put my hand on the door to push it open, Jordan pulled up. Celia took off at a brisk pace down the sidewalk. If all it took to send her away was Jordan, I’d never go anywhere without him again.

I slid in the car before Jordan had a chance to get out and open the door for me. “Up ahead, on the sidewalk,” I said pointing toward Celia’s back. “Do you see her?” She was walking fast and I wanted someone else to see her before she disappeared in the New York City crowds.

Jordan was quick with a good eye. “I see her. Was she following you?” He didn’t seem to be surprised.

“Yes. How did you know?”

“I spotted her this morning when I dropped you off at the club, but I wasn’t certain it was her. We need to tell Mr. Pierce.”

“I plan to right now. Can you take me to his office?”

He answered with a nod.

I sat back and buckled my seatbelt as he pulled out into traffic. Celia was still in sight and I watched her as we drove closer. She stopped walking when we passed, and even though she couldn’t see me through the tinted windows, she smiled and waved.

It was a good thing I was a pacifist, because otherwise I’d have started planning her murder.





Chapter Six





Hudson hadn’t responded to my text by the time I’d arrived in the lobby, so I sent another. I’m getting in the elevator. I’ll be in your office in 2.

I still hadn’t received a reply when I stepped onto his floor, but I breezed by Trish as if Hudson were always available for me.

From the way he usually talked, he was always available for me.

“Excuse me,” Trish called after me. “Mr. Pierce is still with his appointment—”

“He knows I’m coming,” I called over my shoulder.

The door opened before I even touched the handle. Hudson stood there, concern etched on his brow. “It’s okay, Patricia.” He ushered me in.

As soon as the door shut behind me, he cupped his hands around my face and searched my eyes. “I got your text. What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”

“No, not hurt.” I was shaking, and now that I was with Hudson, I wanted to cry.

“Alayna, what is it?”

I pulled my phone out and began to cue Celia’s picture. “I need to show you something. Can I—”

A rustle behind us caught my attention. I peered around Hudson and saw a woman standing by his desk. Her auburn hair was tied loosely at her nape, the color accentuated by the pale cream of her suit.

My back straightened, warning bells sounding in my head. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you weren’t alone.”

Hudson put a hand at my back and gestured toward his guest. “Alayna, you remember Norma.”

“Yeah, I do. Norma Anders. We met at the Botanic Gardens event.” The same knot of jealousy I’d felt at meeting her formed now. Or rather, her presence tightened the knot that had been in my belly for the past half hour.

Norma had an obvious interest in Hudson. It bothered me. She worked with him daily, touched him casually, used his first name—he rarely let people use his first name, particularly not his employees. And here she was alone with him in his office midday. And he had ignored my texts.

“We did meet then.” Norma looked me over, sizing me up. When we’d met before, she’d barely given me a second glance. She’d been too focused on my man. “It’s good to see you again, Alayna.” Her terse tone said otherwise.

She delivered her next line to Hudson. “If you two need to talk alone, we can step out.”

We? My eyes traveled the room and I noticed another woman sitting in the other armchair facing Hudson’s desk.

Ah, he wasn’t alone with Norma. A wave of relief ran through me, followed by a wave of guilt. I was being ridiculous and paranoid. The events of the day had me off balance. Hudson was simply meeting with two of his employees. No midday trysts. Nothing inappropriate at all.

Still, the knot persisted. I was eager to talk to Hudson about Celia, but it would have to wait. I stuffed my phone back in my bra. “No, no. I apologize for bursting in. It’s not like me to interrupt.”

Hudson scooted past me toward his desk. “Actually, Alayna, this is perfect timing.” He nodded to the woman still sitting and she stood. “This is Norma’s sister, Gwen. She’s one of the managers at Eighty-Eighth Floor.”

“Oh.” Not an employee after all. The Eighty-Eighth Floor was a popular nightclub in The Village owned by a rival businessman.

It took a second longer than it should have for me to click things into place. “Oh!”

I kicked myself into gear and approached Gwen, my hand extended toward her. “Alayna Withers,” I offered as she shook my hand.

Her grasp was firm. A good first sign for a possible co-manager.

“Nice to meet you.”

She had a good smile too. Nice teeth, not too flirty. Her features were very similar to Norma’s, except lighter. Her skin tone was pale, her hair either dark blonde or light brown depending on the lighting. Her eyes were blue. She was pretty like Scarlett Johansson—the type of pretty that some people might overlook and other people would over-acknowledge.

I wondered which kind of people Hudson was in this instance.

I quickly chided myself for the thought. What was wrong with me? It had been typical for me to be unnecessarily jealous with past boyfriends, but I’d never been that way with Hudson.

Hudson stepped nearer to introduce me more properly. “Alayna’s currently the Promotions Manager at The Sky Launch, but, as I told you, she’ll become the General Manager once the current manager leaves.”

“Hudson told me you’re looking for an Operations Manager.” Gwen addressed me confidently and completely. It was refreshing considering her sister’s knack for forgetting I existed.

I nodded. “Is that something you might be interested in?”

“Definitely.”

A co-manager who worked at Eighty-Eighth. With all the insider information she’d have, plus the experience…I had to admit, Hudson had done good.

And he knew it. Though his face remained businesslike, his eyes twinkled with the pride of a job well done. “She has all the qualifications I believe that you’re looking for, Alayna. Perhaps you want to set up an interview for yourself?”

“Yes. Definitely.” I pulled my phone from my bra. When I unlocked it, Celia’s picture was there, ready to show Hudson. I froze at the sight and another chill ran through me.

“Alayna?” Hudson prompted softly.

“Sorry. Rough day. I’m a bit flustered.” I flipped through my schedule for the next day. I had lunch planned with Mira and Jack, but my evening was free. “Would you be able to come into The Sky Launch tomorrow? I think calling it an interview is a little too formal. I could show you around and we could talk then.”

“Sounds perfect. I’m off tomorrow so I’m wide open.”

It crossed my mind that I should ask why she wanted to leave Eighty-Eighth Floor, but it could wait until we met again. My earlier anxiety was overtaking me and all I cared about was finishing the conversation and getting Hudson to myself. And not for the reasons I usually wanted him alone.

“Great. Then you can come by at eight.” I entered the info into my calendar. “You can see the club when it’s open.”

“I’ll be there.”

“See, Norma?” Hudson winked at his employee. “The kids didn’t need us after all. They worked everything out on their own.”

Hudson’s playful jab at Norma fueled my angst. Why had she been invited to this meeting anyway? Just because Gwen was her sister, Norma didn’t have to be included. And how had Hudson even known that Norma had a sister that managed a club? Were Norma and Hudson closer than he’d led me to believe?

At the height of my obsessive disorder, I suffered greatly from paranoia. Sure, it returned from time to time, but not to any significant extent since I’d met Hudson. Was I being paranoid now or were my questions valid? And if it was just paranoia, why was it returning now?

It was Celia and her fucking mind games getting to me. It had to be that. I couldn’t backslide because of her. Otherwise she’d win and I wasn’t having that. I had to get a grip.

I stepped out of the way while Hudson ushered the Anders sisters out of his office. Mentally I tried to calm myself, taking deep breaths and reminding myself to communicate rather than jump to conclusions. Perhaps I needed to pencil in another group therapy session for later in the week. Anything to end the rising panic.

When we were alone, I couldn’t hold back any longer. “Why exactly was Norma here?” I added a smile and a light tone so that it didn’t come off harsh, but how could it sound like anything other than an accusation?

Hudson locked the door before turning toward me. “She arranged to have Gwen meet with me. I’d never met her and Norma wanted to be here to acquaint us. Why do you ask?”

“Just curious.” I leaned against his desk, needing the support. “How did you know that Gwen worked at Eighty-Eighth?”

He walked over to me in several easy strides. “Norma’s mentioned it.”

“Just in casual conversation. Between a boss and his employee?” I folded my arms in front of me. Not the best pose for remaining aloof.

Hudson put his hands on my elbows. “Alayna, you’re acting unusually jealous. While it’s always a turn-on, I have a feeling it’s a symptom of something else today. What’s going on?”

I shrugged, not wanting to jump into the Celia issue until I’d cleared up the Norma issue. “It just seems strange that you would know such personal details about one employee when you have hundreds—thousands—of people working for you.”

“Hundreds of thousands.”

I didn’t even crack a smile. “Even stranger then.”

Hudson released me and put his hands in his pockets. “What exactly are you asking me, Alayna?”

I already hated myself. The person standing here facing the man I loved was not the person I wanted to be. I didn’t want to question or worry or be paranoid.

But my gut was twisting and churning and the words flew out of my mouth like vomit. “I’m asking why you know personal details about Norma Anders’ family.”

“You’re asking what kind of relationship I’ve had with Norma. The answer is strictly working.”

“Have you ever kissed her?” My voice shook and I had a feeling if I uncrossed my arms, my hands would be trembling as well. My mind was already filling with images of them together. It was crazy what I could conjure up—detailed scenes of passion. The only thing that could possibly stop the flood of imagination would be his assurance that it never happened. Even then, there was a chance the images would remain.

“I don’t make it a habit to kiss people I have working relationships with.”

He’d kissed me when I worked for him. “Yes or no, please?”

“No, Alayna. I’ve never kissed her. I’ve never fucked her. I’ve never anything with her.” His tone was smooth but emphatic.

I returned his level expression even though I was an irrational mess inside.

My seeming composure egged him on. Or he sensed that I was a thread away from falling apart. He ran a hand through his hair. “Since she’s in the Financial Division, Norma handled the transaction when I purchased The Sky Launch so she knew I had the club. The other day she asked if there were any management positions available there. I told her no, but that I’d keep Gwen in mind. I didn’t want to tell you about her because I was afraid if you knew, you’d take that as a reason not to be the manager yourself. It’s as simple as that.”

“That makes sense.” And the slightly manipulative way he kept it from me was totally typical Hudson. In my heart I knew he was telling the truth, but my head—it was in overdrive.

So which did I believe? My heart or my head?

He met my eyes and held my stare for several seconds. “There’s nothing with her, Alayna. I’m with you. Always. Okay?”

My heart. I believed my heart. Always.

This was Hudson. He loved me, even if he stubbornly couldn’t say the words. I trusted him. What had he ever done to tell me otherwise?

I shook my head, ashamed of myself. “I’m sorry. I’m being stupid.”

Hudson tugged me into his arms. Finally, I felt calm. I breathed him in—the scent of his soap and aftershave filled me with a soothing balm. There was nowhere that I’d rather be than right there in his embrace.

He ran his hands up and down my back and kissed along my temple. “I know you wouldn’t be like this if something hadn’t happened. And you came in here upset. What’s going on, precious?”

I clung to him, my hands digging into his jacket. Now that he was holding me, I didn’t want to let him go. This was where I was safe.

“Alayna, talk to me.”

I turned my head so my words wouldn’t be muffled in his clothing. “It’s Celia.”

Hudson pushed me away to meet my face. His eyes were wide with concern. “What did she do?”

“She’s following me.”

His brows furrowed. “What do you mean, following you?”

“Like, showing up where I am and going wherever I go. Following me.” I showed him the picture on my phone and explained how I’d spotted her tailing me while I ran errands and added that Jordan had seen her that morning. Plus, she’d been on the boat the night before.

I feared he’d say I was overreacting, that he wouldn’t believe me like the time before. I had a picture, but what did that show? Would he think I was the one who’d followed her?

But his response this time made up for his previous doubts. “Fucking bitch!” He spun away from me and ran his hand through his hair. “I swear to god if she does anything to you…”

Tears sprung to my eyes, half from terror, half from relief that he was on my side. “What does she want from us? From me?”

Hudson circled around to the other side of his desk. “It doesn’t matter. She can’t do this. I’ll call my lawyer. We’ll get a restraining order.” Before I could interject, he’d pushed his intercom. “Patricia, get Gordon Hayes on the phone.”

“Yes, Mr. Pierce.”

I shook my head and sunk into one of the armchairs. “It’s not that simple.”

“I don’t care if it’s simple or not. I’m getting a restraining order.”

I’d never seen him so worked up. His calm aloofness had vanished and in its place was a wild passionate man.

It was me who was the voice of reason. “Hudson, you can’t get a restraining order for simply being followed. She had a measurable distance, didn’t approach me, didn’t threaten me or pull any crap at any of the places I stopped. We have nothing on her.”

His eyes were pinned on the phone, as if he could make it ring by staring at it. “That’s ridiculous. She has you scared. I can see it on your face.”

“Yes, she has me scared. But there’s nothing you can do about it.” Again, I was reminded that I had done this same thing to other people. Paul Kresh had filed a restraining order against me. It had been the first one I’d received. He hadn’t been the first person I’d stalked. “Trust me. I’m well-versed in the art of terrorizing someone while evading police involvement.”

“Don’t talk like that.” Hudson’s tone echoed the pain I felt.

“It’s the truth. I used to do this to people, Hudson! It’s horrible. How could I be this horrible to other people?” The tears that had been just at bay broke through.

Hudson rushed to me and pulled me from my seat into his arms. “Hush now, Alayna.” He stroked my hair as I sobbed on his shoulder. “This isn’t the same. You were searching for love. Celia’s actions are quite different.”

I pushed him away. Though I wanted and needed his touch, I didn’t feel like I deserved it. “Are they? Isn’t she doing this because she wants your love? How is that different?”

He sighed and perched on the edge of his desk. “I don’t believe that’s why she’s doing this. She means to keep me unhappy. She knows that hurting you would destroy me. This is payback for my past. This has nothing to do with yours.”

I swiped the tears off my cheeks. Dammit, Celia had screwed with both of us so easily. Here we were, regretting our pasts, hating ourselves, undoing years of progress—fucking bitch was right.

I sat down again and laid my head against the chair back. “I really don’t care why she’s doing it. She’ll keep on doing it, though, because she’s winning. You’re down on yourself and I’m a mess. I’m paranoid and anxious and I’m afraid I’m reverting back to my old self.” My voice cracked as a new set of tears threatened to fall.

Hudson moved to kneel in front of me. He put his hands on my upper arms as if he meant to shake sense into me. “You aren’t. You have valid reasons to feel this way today. She’s thrown you off balance, but you’ll get ahold of yourself. You’re stronger than her.”

I wiped at my eye with my knuckle. “I’m strong with you.”

“And I’m not leaving you. I’m here. We’re in this together. Do you hear me?”

I nodded weakly.

The phone beeped. Hudson stood and reached across the desk to push the intercom. “Did you reach him?”

“No.” Trisha’s voice filled the room. “I’m sorry but Mr. Hayes has gone home for the evening. It’s after five.”

Hudson glanced at his watch. “Shit,” he muttered. He paused and I suspected he was toying with calling his lawyer’s cell. “I want him on the phone first thing tomorrow.”

“Yes, sir. Anything else before I leave?”

“No. Thank you, Patricia.” He turned the intercom off and turned back to face me. He studied me for long seconds. “She won’t win, Alayna. You kept it together in front of her, didn’t you?”

“Yes.” There was no way in hell I’d have let her see that she got to me.

He beamed with pride. “Of course you did. You’re incredible like that. Stronger than you give yourself credit for.”

I didn’t feel incredible. But his assurance bolstered me.

Hudson leaned against the desk, his expression glazed. I recognized it as his calculating look—the one he got when he was considering a big business deal. “Celia has no idea if she hit her target or not. That puts us at an advantage.”

I hated to interrupt whatever he was planning, but I couldn’t stop the thought that bubbled to the front of my mind. “What if she doesn’t stop at stalking?”

His eyes came back into focus. “Jordan is ex-military. Special ops. He can protect you. You can never go anywhere without him in the future. Promise me.”

“I rarely go anywhere without him now. Today was a fluke.”

“Just promise me.” His tone was insistent.

“I promise.” I’d known Jordan was more than a driver but hadn’t known the specifics of his background. Knowing it now wasn’t what prompted me to agree—I’d have agreed to anyone being charged to me, just to ensure I’d never be alone with Celia again.

“Good. I’ll hire another bodyguard for when Jordan’s not available. I know you didn’t want one—”

I cut him off. “I’ll take it.”

He nodded a thank you. “I’ll bring someone in to check the security cameras at the club and make sure they’re sufficient. The penthouse is already monitored. And I’ll talk to my lawyer—”

I interjected again. “He can’t do anything.”

“I’m talking to him anyway. I want to know our rights. If I have to throw money at the situation, I will.”

I chuckled. I’d never heard Hudson talk so candidly about what his wealth could buy. It was a foreign concept to me—that solutions to problems could simply be bought. It’s why I’d always feared someone else would be more suited for Hudson than me. Someone like the blonde we were currently discussing. “Celia has money, too.”

Hudson shook his head dismissively. “Money is only good in the right hands. I have no doubt that my power extends beyond her and the Werner family.”

I nodded as I brought the knuckle of my index finger to my mouth and sunk my teeth into the skin. It was either that or let out the scream that had been building the last few minutes. Though Hudson was performing with the take-charge attitude I needed, he couldn’t make the promises I wished he could make.

He read my anguish. “Alayna, I’ll take care of this.”

“I know…”

He leaned forward and pulled my hand from my mouth, lacing my fingers through his instead. “But…?”

“She’s never going to be out of our lives, is she?” Even if she were on her best behavior, she’d still be there. Her life was so intertwined with Hudson and his family. I couldn’t imagine any scenario that would remove her from being a constant presence.

Hudson rubbed his thumb gently across my skin. “She will. I’ll figure something out. Do you trust me?”

“Yes.” With my whole heart.

“Then believe me—I’ll take care of her.” He squeezed my hand once more before he let it go. “In the meantime, stay with Jordan. No more outside runs for a while.”

Running was one of my favorite ways to calm myself. It was a necessity for my mental health. The treadmill worked, but it wasn’t the same as being outside with the sun beating down and the breeze blowing across my sweaty body. “I’ll just have Jordan run with me. I’m sure he won’t mind. I know he’s in good shape, and if he’s Special Ops, he must do some running.”

“No. Not good enough. He can’t be on his best game when he’s exerting himself physically.”

“I don’t know,” I mumbled. “You’re on your best game when you’re exerting yourself physically.”

“What was that?”

“Nothing. I just don’t want to live in a prison.” I hated giving up one of my only sources of solace because of Celia.

“Alayna, please.” His eyes were soft but determined. “Just until I get a better plan together.”

What was I thinking? Hudson was my true solace. I could give up everything else if I had him. “Okay. Fine. I’ll keep my runs to the treadmill. For now.”

“Come here.” Hudson pulled me out of my seat and into his arms. “I only want you safe. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you.”

I nuzzled into his neck, breathing in his scent and warm words, hoping they’d envelope me in calm.

But as soon as I’d start to relax, a new haunting thought would make its way to the forefront of my mind. I let myself ask the worst. “Do you really think Celia would do something besides scare me?” I’d suggested she might earlier, but I didn’t know if I really believed it. I’d never done more than stalk. Well, nothing harmful, anyway.

Hudson’s grip tightened around me and he buried his face in my hair. “I don’t know what she’d do. I’m not willing to find out.”

The edge in his voice coupled with his uncertainty caused another spike in my blood pressure. “Hudson, I’m scared.”

He pushed me away enough to cup my face in his hands and meld his gaze with mine. “I’m not, Alayna. Not in the least.” It was a one-eighty from his last declaration, and I suspected his words now were only for my benefit, that he was more worried than he was letting on. He couldn’t fool me.

But it felt good to hear him try.

“Trust me.” He placed a kiss on the tip of my nose. “I’ll take care of it.” He kissed the side of my mouth. “I’ll take care of you.”

He licked along the seam of my lips. When I parted my mouth, he eased inside, mesmerizing me with sensual strokes along my teeth and tongue. He kissed me slow and deep and with careful attention. With his lips he did the thing his words had failed to do—he made me feel better. Or he distracted me, at least. Either way, he gave me what I needed.

In fact, I needed more.

I pushed into him, lifting my breasts to meet his chest.

Hudson smiled against my mouth. Then he wrapped up the kiss with a final peck on my lips and pulled away.

My fingers curled into his jacket, drawing him back to me. “Don’t stop. I need you.” I pressed my body against his, my desire growing with an intense urgency.

“Alayna…” His eyes traveled to the phone on the desk behind him. He wanted to be making calls, setting things in motion. It’s what he needed to do to feel better. To feel safe. I got that.

But what I needed to feel safe was much simpler. More tangible. More within reach. “I need you, Hudson.” I moved my hand to stroke against the ridge in his pants. “Please. Please make it better.”

“Dammit, Alayna,” he growled. “You’re making it hard for me to do what I should be doing.”

I continued rubbing his crotch. “I’m trying to make it harder.” God, I’d never had to beg, but if he wanted me to, I would. “Hudson…please!”

“Fuck.” In one swift motion, he turned me so that the desk was pressed against my behind. He leaned down, and with the length of his arm, pushed aside the files that lay on top. Then he lifted me so that I sat on the edge of the mahogany surface. “Take off your panties,” he commanded, as he undid his buckle.

He didn’t have to ask me twice. Hudson had his cock out by the time I’d slid my panties off and kicked them to the floor. I watched as he stroked himself, his shaft thickening with each pump.

I ran my hands along his chest and squirmed, spreading my legs further apart. I ached to have him moving inside me—ached with an intensity that I couldn’t recall having ever felt before. I was desperate. Frantic. “Hudson.” I couldn’t stop pleading. “I need—”

He cut me off. “I know what you need. Trust me to give it to you.” With one hand still wrapped around his cock, he placed his other hand between my folds and swirled his thumb across my bud.

I moaned and tilted my hips to increase the pressure.

Hudson leaned his forehead against mine. “You’re so eager, precious. It’s going to hurt if you don’t let me get you ready first.” He slid his finger along my lips and back to dance across my clit.

“I don’t care if it hurts.” It hurt not having him inside me. I tugged at his tie. “Come on!”

He swore under his breath. Then he let himself go. Tangling his hand in my hair, he pulled me roughly toward his lips. “It’s hard enough to control myself around you as it is. If you give me permission, then you better believe you’re going to get fucked.”

I wanted to reply, Thank god, but his mouth had claimed mine with frenzied passion and speaking was no longer an option. At the same time, he drove his cock into me with a deep, forceful jab. I cried out at the pleasure/pain. I’d been wet, but he’d been right—I hadn’t been quite as ready as I could have been.

And it didn’t matter. I loved him inside me, and my snug channel let each of his short stabs rub against every wall. I cried into his mouth at each stroke. God, oh god, oh god.

Still it wasn’t enough. I wrapped my legs around his waist and bucked against him, meeting his thrusts. I closed my eyes. I was aroused and insane with needing the release I knew would come if I could just get there.

He let go of the lip he’d been sucking on. “Jesus, Alayna. Slow down.”

“No. Can’t. Want you.” I couldn’t even speak in complete sentences.

“I know. I know what to give you.” He nipped at my jaw. “But if you don’t let me take care of you, you aren’t going to get where you want to go.”

“Need,” I corrected. And I couldn’t slow down. I was crazed.

Hudson huffed my name in frustration. Wrapping a handful of hair around his fingers, he pulled my head back until I gasped. His strokes slowed to a steady pulse. “Listen to me. Are you listening?”

I nodded.

“Look at me.”

I opened my lids and met his gaze. Immediately, his gray eyes soothed me.

“You need to let me take charge, Alayna. You need to trust me. I’m going to take care of you.” He wasn’t talking about achieving an orgasm. He was speaking about much more. “Okay?”

I did trust him. Implicitly. I’d told him over and over.

But even with my declarations, I was still recovering from his recent abandonment and the pain of it lingered. Saying I trusted him was easier than actually letting myself go to fully act on that trust.

He was calling me out on that now.

And I wouldn’t let him down. “Okay,” I said.

“Good. Now let’s do this.” With one hand still pulling my hair, he moved his other to my clit where he rubbed with expert circles. “Hold on to the desk.”

I moved my hands to grip the edge of the desk. He picked up the tempo of his thrusts, his tip knocking against the same spot on the inside that his thumb massaged on the outside. The sensation in that one concentrated area built quickly. Soon, I felt the tightening in my lower belly, and my limbs began to tingle.

And Hudson was feeling it too. “God, Alayna. Your pussy feels so good. So tight. You make me so hard. I’m going to come so hard.” He quickened the pace again, and the sound of our bodies slapping and his sex words pushed me higher and higher and higher.

When I was about to orgasm, he urged my hips up and drove into me with staccato jabs that sent us over together with a shared moan. He rubbed into me for several long seconds, spilling everything he had, my own fluids mixing with his.

“Better?” he asked before I’d even caught my breath.

“Yes. Much.” But even as I was still soaring on the tails of my climax, I recognized that I’d just done the thing I’d always accused him of—used sex to solve a problem. “I, um, I’m sorry about—”

“Shh.” He put a finger to my lips and smiled. “It’s nice to be on the opposite side for once.”

“Well, thank you.” I kissed his finger then laced my hands around his neck.

“Anytime you need it, I’m happy to fuck away your woes.”

I laughed. After cleaning up and putting my panties back on, I left him to begin the tasks he felt were necessary for our protection.

Celia was nowhere in sight as I climbed into the back of the Maybach, but I shuddered, still feeling her eyes on me from the last time I’d been in the car. Hudson believed he could rid her from our lives. And I had total faith in him.

But I loved the man more than I’d loved anyone. It was totally plausible that my faith was biased.





Chapter Seven





Instead of going back to the club, I decided to call it a day. Besides, Hudson and I had planned that morning to be home to eat dinner together, and even though the new developments of the afternoon were keeping him at work late, I didn’t want to waste the cook’s efforts.

At the penthouse, I put our dinner trays in the warmer and sat at the dining room table nibbling on my salad while I tried to concentrate on a new book. I’d picked Lady Chatterley’s Lover by D.H. Lawrence, hoping it would help me focus on the romantic and sexual aspects of my life rather than the dread Celia had instilled.

But reading required more attention than I was able to devote to the task. Giving up, I tossed the book on the table. A blank business card poked out between the pages at the bottom. I hadn’t seen it before—throwing the book must have jostled the card from where it was lodged inside. I flipped the book open to the page the card marked and then turned the card over to see if the other side was also blank.

It wasn’t. And the name on the back almost made me drop the card.

With a hand on my chest, I talked myself down from my panic attack. Hudson had ordered the books from Celia and her design company—it was only natural that she’d stick her business card between the pages.

Except the books were new. And the page that the card had marked had a quote highlighted in yellow: “She was always waiting, it seemed to be her forte.”

Had Celia marked that quote? And had she meant it for me or for Hudson? And whoever the intended target was, what did she mean by it?

“Good book?”

I jumped at Hudson’s voice behind me. I’d been too absorbed in the book and Celia’s mark on it to hear him come in.

He leaned down to kiss my neck. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”

“It’s not that. Look.” I showed him the card and held the book up for him. “I found this business card in this book—it’s one of the ones you got me. And this quote is highlighted.”

I felt Hudson’s body heating with rage. He crumpled the card in his hand and threw it across the room. “Goddammit!”

“What does it mean?”

“Who knows?” He took a deep breath and reined in his fury. “You know what? Don’t even think about it. That’s what she wants. She wants it to mess with you.” He grabbed the book from me and took it with him to the kitchen. “Have you eaten?”

“I waited for you. It’s in the warmer.” I sat quietly until he returned with our dinner plates. “You took her key away, right?”

Hudson set our plates down. “She didn’t just leave that in your book now. This has to be from before. When she had the boxes delivered.” He disappeared again into the kitchen.

That hadn’t been an answer to my question and his avoidance made me nervous. I waited until he came back, this time with a bottle of wine.

“Hudson—her key?”

“Yes. I took away her key.” He poured me a glass and then one for himself. He had his half finished before I’d even taken one sip. “The day after she made the delivery.”

He hadn’t told me about seeing her then. But I’d seen Celia many times without telling him so I supposed it was fair.

Instead of dwelling on why he’d never mentioned it, I thought about what else he’d said—that she must have put the note in the books before they’d been delivered. There were hundreds of books. How had I happened to find the one with the note? Unless there were more. “So there could be secret notes and messages in all of the books.”

Hudson took another swallow of his wine—a swallow that finished off the glass. “I’ll replace them all.”

“You don’t need to do that.” Truthfully, I was already planning to search them. Curiosity was pretty much my middle name, after all.

Hudson refilled his drink. “I’ll do it anyway.”

He had made up his mind and when he made up his mind, there was no arguing with him.

I glanced at the clock on my phone. It was after eight. “You got home late. Does that mean you came up with ideas on how to deal with her?”

Hudson didn’t look at me as he took a bite of his fish. “I have something in the works,” he said when he’d swallowed. “But I’d rather not talk about it, if you don’t mind.”

“Um, yes, I do mind. This affects me and I want to know what’s going on.” If he thought he was doing this on his own, he had another think coming.

“You know what you need to know. I’ve hired security, the new cameras are being installed at the club tomorrow, and I have some preliminary ideas to try to make Celia lose interest in her game.” His entire demeanor was dismissive.

And my demeanor was getting pissed off. “Ideas that you aren’t going to share?”

“No. I’m not.”

I set my fork down, a little more forcefully than I’d intended. Or maybe exactly as forcefully as I’d intended. “Hudson—transparency, honesty—remember? Are you hiding something from me? Is it illegal?”

“No. And no. And you said you trusted me.” He raised a brow. “Remember?”

“I do trust you. But we’re supposed to be in this together and this is not together. This is you keeping me in the dark while you go play superhero. Or I assume you’re playing superhero, because I don’t really know.”

He sighed and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, he looked at me directly. “We are in this together, Alayna. And I’ll tell you. Just not now.” He covered my hand with his own. “I’d rather spend my evening with you. Alone.”

It hadn’t occurred to me that he needed a rest from the subject. It was how he dealt with things—internally and on his own. We both needed to learn to work things out as a couple. But he’d said he’d tell me later. Maybe tonight I could let it go too.

I turned my palm up to lace my fingers through his. “Okay. No more talk of Celia.”

We exchanged smiles. Then Hudson let go of my hand to continue his meal.

We sat in silence for several long minutes. Hudson finished most of his plate while I poked at my food, my appetite long gone. I could agree not to talk about Celia, but that didn’t mean I could stop thinking about her. She’d penetrated so deeply into our relationship—did she realize that she consumed our thoughts? That our time together was now so intertwined with her that we were practically a threesome?

Hudson swirled his wine in his glass and watched me. “Now you’re quiet.”

I chuckled. “I don’t know what else to talk about.”

He ran his hand across his face and I knew he was thinking the same thoughts I’d been thinking—about how we couldn’t even have a simple meal without Celia there. He opened his mouth to say something, and for a moment, I thought he was going to go ahead and let her win.

But then his face changed and he became resolved. “Well, let’s see. I know how today went. What’s on your agenda for tomorrow? You’re interviewing Gwenyth, right?”

“Her name’s Gwenyth? Hmm.” That was the first time I’d heard her full name. And it bothered me. Hudson was not one to use nicknames.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Nothing.” I was probably making a mountain out of a molehill. But I couldn’t help myself from pursuing it. “I’ve heard you call her Gwen.”

He shrugged. “That’s what she goes by.”

“You never call people by their nicknames.” My irritation was showing.

And so was his. “Are you suggesting it means something that I use hers?”

“No.” Why did this bother me so much? “I don’t know.” It was Celia. The mood had been set and now, even as we tried to move past it, we struggled.

It was my turn to sigh. “I’m just tense. I’m sorry.”

“I know. I am too.” Hudson took another swallow of his wine. “I don’t know why I call her Gwen. I knew her as that first. I suppose it’s in my brain now.”

“You don’t need to explain.” But I was glad he had.

I took a sip from my own glass, trying to focus on something that wasn’t going to piss either of us off. He’d asked about my agenda for the next day...fuck. I remembered something we needed to talk about. But it was definitely not going to be a pleasant conversation. Might as well get it over with.

“About tomorrow…” I began tentatively. “I do have plans I should tell you about.”

“You better not be planning a run in Central Park. Your new bodyguard will tackle you down.” His tone was light, but his eyes said he was serious.

“I said I wouldn’t run outside. Trust me works both ways, you know. Do I get to meet this bodyguard? Is he also very attractive but unavailable because he’s gay?”

Hudson smirked. “That’s not even a little funny.”

I knocked his knee playfully under the table. “It totally is and you know it.”

“I’ll introduce you on his shift tomorrow. He’s not gay. And I trust you so I’m not worried about whether or not he’s attractive.”

“Good boy.”

“Now what do you need to tell me?” He took a bite of his risotto and pinned his attention on me.

I paused, hating to destroy the lighter mood. “I’m, um, having lunch with Mira tomorrow. And Jack.”

Hudson froze, his fork mid-air. “What did you say?”

The look on his face said he’d heard me fine. But I played along, trying to sound more confident the second time around. “I’m having lunch with your sister and father.”

“Like hell you are.” His eyes blazed with fury.

His reaction wasn’t a surprise, but I fought not to get immediately defensive. “I’m guessing it’s the Jack part that has you upset and not the Mira part.”

His jaw twitched. “I’m not upset about any of it because you are not having lunch with my father.”

With as much lightheartedness as I could muster, I said, “I’m not sure you can tell me what I am and am not doing.”

“Oh, yes, I can.”

I groaned, running my hands through my hair. “Hudson, this is ridiculous. I’ve told you before, I’m not Celia. I’m not going to sleep with your father—even if he comes on to me. Which he won’t because your baby sister will be there.”

He wiped his mouth with his napkin and tossed it on his plate. “Why do you even need to spend time with him?”

“I don’t need to. I didn’t plan to. Mira didn’t want to be alone with him, and so I offered to be a buffer.”

“She doesn’t need a buffer. Cancel your date and have coffee with her later. Just Mira.”

I considered for about half a second. Then I abandoned that and started to get angry. “I don’t want to cancel. I want to have lunch with Mira. And Jack. I like him. Not because I’m into him, but because he’s your father. And I don’t have a father anymore and bonding with Jack makes me feel good.” My voice cracked, but I kept on. “Maybe he’s not a great replacement, but he’s the closest thing I have. Plus, knowing him helps me feel closer to you. And when you keep things from me, H, I need all the access to you I can get.”

“Alayna…”

Immediately I felt bad. “That last part was uncalled for. I’m sorry.”

Hudson pushed his chair away from the table. Then he reached over and pulled me into his lap.

This was better. The tension that had hung thickly in the air began to dissipate.

He ran his hand up and down my arm. “I’m not keeping things from you, Alayna. Really, I’m not. I just want a night without…her.”

“I know,” I said, burrowing deeper into his chest.

“And please, don’t use my father to get close to me. He’s not the road to my heart.”

“Where is the road to your heart?”

With one finger, he lifted my chin to meet his eyes. “Don’t you know? You’re the one who paved it.”

I bit back tears, not wanting to spoil the moment with crying. “Don’t think I’m going to cancel my lunch because you’re being sweet.”

He laughed. “Don’t worry. I don’t think that at all. Have lunch with him if that’s what you want. At least I know you’ll be safe from Celia with him around. They aren’t friendly anymore. And I wouldn’t deny you something that makes you feel good.”

Desperate to hold on to his lighter mood, I chose to respond playfully. “It’s not your right to deny me anyway.”

He pretended to sigh. “I hate that.”

A rush of emotion swept through me. God, this man…he stopped his whole world to look out for me, to take care of me, and now he’d accepted my decision to meet with his father—a decision that had to be tearing him apart inside. Maybe he wasn’t perfect, but he was pretty darn near.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and held on to him tight. “I love you.”

“And that’s why I’m letting you win this conversation.”

I pulled back to meet his eyes, my brow raised. “Letting me?”

“Please, indulge me a little.”

“How about this—” I shifted so I was straddling him. “How about we cease conversation altogether and indulge in an activity where we can both win?”

“Can we both win twice?”

“Honey, we can win three times if you’re up for it.”

The growing bulge beneath me told me what he thought about that before he even spoke. “Now that sounds like a plan.”





Mira tapped her pursed lips with a French-manicured finger. “I just don’t understand why he wouldn’t tell you what he’s planning. It makes no sense.”

When I joined Mira for lunch the next day, I hadn’t meant to tell her about Celia’s stalking, but the words poured out the moment I’d seen her. If Jack had been there, I knew I wouldn’t have shared as much, but his tardiness had me spilling everything, including Hudson’s deflection when I’d asked him his ideas for dealing with the bitch. He’d had a valid reason for not giving me more information, but it continued to nag at me.

Perhaps I was being unfair. “Maybe he really didn’t want to talk about it anymore. He just seemed more elusive than that.” I opened a packet of pink stuff and stirred it into my iced tea.

Mira frowned. “You’re afraid he’s keeping something from you on purpose?”

“No.” Though, I wasn’t quite sure. “I don’t know.”

She shook her head, her hair bobbing against her shoulders with the movement. “I don’t know either. I’m sorry.”

Her apology took me by surprise. “Why are you sorry? You have no reason to be sorry.”

“He’s my brother.” When she realized that didn’t exactly explain anything, she went on. “I feel like I should understand him better, and I don’t.”

“No one does.” Would anyone, ever? Sometimes I thought maybe I would, but really, could I?

“Are you ladies ready to order?” The waiter’s question drew my eyes back to the menu I’d tossed aside. I still hadn’t decided on a meal, having been too preoccupied with chatting.

The waiter saw my hesitancy. “Or would you prefer to wait for your other guest?”

Mira glanced at me. She already knew what she wanted to order. “We’ll wait.”

“Very good.” The waiter left us to attend to his other tables.

I picked up my menu and scanned the lunch items. But my mind was still on the conversation at hand. I lowered the menu and leaned toward Mira. “Here’s the thing—I’m afraid the real reason he won’t tell me what he has planned is that he doesn’t have anything planned.”

“Wouldn’t he just admit that?”

“No.” There was no way Hudson would let me believe he didn’t have complete control over the situation. “He wants me to feel safe.”

Mira beamed. “Of course he does.” There was never any doubt that the girl had faith in her brother. “Laynie, he’ll come up with something. I know it. And whatever it is, he’ll do a good job. He’ll be committed and he’ll go to great lengths. This is probably a horrible comparison, but look how devoted he was to keeping Celia’s secret. All to protect her.”

“He wasn’t protecting Celia.” Jack sat down in the chair between me and Mira. “Sorry, I’m late. Traffic. I didn’t realize you were joining us, Laynie. What a nice surprise!”

Mira spoke before I could give my own greeting. “Are you suggesting Hudson was protecting you? Because that makes me sick.” She roughly handed him her menu.

“Oh, I know what I want,” he said, setting the menu to the side without acknowledging Mira’s hostility. “He was protecting your mother. He didn’t want her to get hurt from my infidelity.”

Mira looked to me. “Still a valid comparison—Hudson will do far more for you than he’d do for Mom.” Again, before I had a chance to speak, she turned back to her father. “And you say that as if it were unreasonable that she would be hurt.”

“It’s unreasonable that he cares.” Jack circled his shoulders, probably trying to release the building tension.

Mira’s jaw tightened—the same way her brother’s tightened when he was upset. “Thank god he didn’t inherit heartlessness from you.”

“No, he inherited that from Sophia.”

Her eyes widened. Leaning forward, she whispered harshly, “Would you just stop?”

My eyes danced from one to the other as they volleyed their attacks. So much for me being a buffer at the meal. Hudson was right—Mira definitely didn’t need one.

Jack set his palms on the table and turned to face his daughter. “Mirabelle, I’m not heartless. You think it’s cruel that I cheated on your mother. It was. It is. I’m not perfect.”

Mira’s eyes filled and I suddenly recognized her anger as pain.

“But you have to understand, sweetie, that Sophia is also culpable. She’s not an easy woman to love.”

Mira dabbed at a stray tear that had spilled over. “And do you love her, Daddy?”

Jack reached over to take Mira’s hand in his. “Yes. I do. Of course, I do.”

“Do you tell her?”

“Every day.”

Mira smiled. But it was brief. She pulled her hand away from his. “Actions speak louder than words, you know.”

I’d been silent, letting the father and daughter say the things they needed to say, while I sat feeling like a voyeur. But I couldn’t let her last comment go by without reacting. “Sometimes.”

Jack and Mira looked at me as if they’d just remembered I was there.

Or maybe they wanted clarification. I wasn’t about to turn the meal into a Hudson-hasn’t-said-he-loves-me conversation, so I simply said, “Sometimes it would be nice to have both.”

The waiter’s return saved me from saying more. Since everyone else knew what they wanted, I went last, settling on a Chef Salad.

“And can I get a Manhattan?” Jack asked before the waiter left.

“For lunch, Dad? Seriously?”

“Hey, I’m not the one with the drinking problem.”

I braced myself for Mira’s reaction. Generally, no one spoke about Sophia’s alcoholism. I wasn’t even sure if Mira acknowledged it or if she was in denial.

Her dark eyes didn’t even flinch. “But you certainly facilitate it.” Apparently, she wasn’t in denial. “Can’t you just have tea? Or water?”

“Oh for the love of Pete. Your mother isn’t even here.” Jack’s eye twitched—another of Hudson’s traits when he was upset. “Is it too tempting for you, my dear? Because it doesn’t look like you’ve touched your water. I’m sure you’d rather have something stronger.”

Mira folded her arms over her belly and huffed. “I don’t care what you drink. I’m not thirsty. I’m saving room for my meal.”

There was finally a break in their bickering, and I searched for a new topic to discuss, but before I could think of one, Jack did.

“Now what is this about Celia and Hudson?”

I cringed at the sound of their names together. Like they were a couple.

Mira’s eyes lit up. “Can I tell him?”

“Oh my god, no.” Though he’d never said so, I had a feeling Hudson preferred to keep his father out of his private life.

Mira had no such barriers. “I’m telling him.” Without waiting for my consent, she told a condensed version of the story I’d told her—Celia following me, the notes in the books, Hudson trying to formulate a plan.

When she finished, I realized I was flushed. All the attention focused on me was embarrassing. “It’s really not a big deal. I was overreacting to bring it up.”

“No, you’re not!”

Jack met my eyes, his expression tight. “Mira’s right. Celia isn’t a threat to take lightly.”

“See that guy over there?” I pointed to a man sitting alone a few tables away. “He’s my new bodyguard. Believe me, we aren’t taking this lightly.” Remembering this new addition to my life renewed my anxiety about the situation.

“Good. Hudson’s taking her seriously. That makes me feel better.”

Jack’s concern wasn’t helping me. “Why?”

He seemed surprised by the question. “I care about you, Laynie.”

I stiffened, afraid of where his declaration was going.

If he noticed, it didn’t stop him. “You’re family now. You’re an important part of Hudson’s life and he—and I—would be devastated if anything happened to you.”

“Thank you, Jack. I really appreciate that.” Of course his affection was innocent. I kicked myself for momentarily thinking otherwise. And his words were an unexpected balm. “I care about you too.” I darted my eyes to Mira. “All of you.” Maybe not Sophia, but that didn’t need to be said aloud.

I swallowed back the lump of emotion in my throat. “What I meant though, is why does Celia worry you? Why does she care so much about hurting me? She acts like a jealous lover. Were she and Hudson together?”

“No way,” Mira said at the same time Jack said, “They were never together.”

“But Hudson’s so secretive. He might not have told either of you. You can’t know for sure.”

“I know for sure. There’s no way he was with her.” It wasn’t the first time Mira had stated her opinion on the matter.

Jack agreed. “He’s been disgusted with her ever since she seduced me.”

Mira scowled. “Seduced you? As if you weren’t part of it.”

“Yes, I was part of it.” Jack grinned devilishly. “But there are very few men who would turn down a naked woman in their bedroom, no matter what their marital status.”

“Oh, I don’t know. It’s not unheard of.” Paul Kresh came to mind. I’d been naked in his office once. All it earned me was an arrest.

The waiter delivered Jack’s drink. Mira rolled her eyes but didn’t comment on his beverage choice again.

When the waiter left, she asked, “If Hudson’s so disgusted with Celia, why are they even friends?”

Her question was one I’d asked myself many times over the past few weeks. It never occurred to me that Jack might be the one with the answer.

He took a swallow of his drink and sat back in his chair. “Hudson blames himself for who she is now. He feels a sort of responsibility for her.”

Mira’s forehead twisted in confusion. “I don’t get it. Why would he be responsible for who she is?”

Apparently Mira didn’t know about the true history of Celia and Hudson—how he’d manipulated her into falling for him and then slept with her best friend. It was that betrayal that had driven her to sleep with Jack in the first place. As some sort of revenge.

Jack met my eyes, confirming he knew more than his daughter. “It’s a long complicated story. If you want to know more, you’re going to have to ask Hudson. Or Celia.”

“Yeah, that’s not happening.” Using her spoon, Mira fished out an ice cube from her still full water glass and stuck it in her mouth. Surprisingly, she didn’t pursue the long complicated story further.

While hearing from Jack had been insightful, my one haunting question remained unanswered. “Okay, they’re friends and he’s supported her and he’s never been into her and she knows that—so why is she after us?”

Jack sighed. “Beats me. It’s probably another one of her games. She’s fond of them, you know. And she’s good at them. I put nothing past her. She’s a calculating, conniving woman, and she hates to lose.”

“Great.” I rubbed my hand across my forehead, trying to ease the headache that was quickly approaching. “How the hell are you supposed to get out of her grasp?”

“Let her think she’s won.”

Our meals arrived then, and the conversation turned lighter to talk of Mira’s baby and her decision to not find out whether she was having a boy or a girl and what colors she was planning for the nursery. Despite the earlier tension between her and Jack, they settled into an easy groove, and I found myself more relaxed than I’d been in days. Lunch with the two was just what I’d needed.

When we were finished, Mira talked us into crème brûlée and coffee. We lingered over our dessert, enjoying each other’s company. Finally, she shoved away her plate. “God, I’m stuffed. And I have to go to the bathroom. Again.”

I’d gone with her the first time, but now I chose to stay behind, eager to get a few private words in with Jack. This would probably be my only opportunity, after all.

When Mira was out of earshot, I dove in. “Jack, I have a personal question for you, if you don’t mind.”

“About six and a half inches. But it’s not size that matters; it’s what you do with it.” Hudson’s dirty sense of humor obviously came from his father.

I rolled my eyes. “I’m serious.”

He looked as if he might be preparing a comeback, but perhaps the glare on my face changed his mind. “Okay. Shoot.”

“Sophia once told me that Hudson was a sociopath. Do you believe that too?” It was blunt perhaps, but I knew Mira would be back soon, and I didn’t know how honest Jack would be with her around.

“Sophia’s still claiming that bullshit?” Jack shook his head, his expression a combination of disgust and exhaustion. “One psychiatrist suggested it one time a handful of years ago. Hudson’s never been clinically diagnosed as such, and no, I don’t believe it. That boy cares. A lot. He just isn’t always able to express it. Blame that on Sophia too.”

I let out the breath I didn’t know I’d been holding. No matter what Jack’s answer, I already knew what Hudson was and wasn’t. But hearing the details of Sophia’s claim—and knowing his father didn’t agree—was a relief.

But his words brought up another question, one that had plagued me from the moment I’d met Hudson’s mother. “Why do you blame Sophia for his lack of expression? I don’t think you mean just her drinking. What did she do to him?”

“Well, if I’m going to explain that then you’re going to realize that I’m to blame too.”

“I can handle that.”

“But can I?” Jack considered a moment. Then he sighed. “Sophia wasn’t always hard like she is now. When I married her she was refined and serious, but she could be fun. But then I started building Pierce Industries. I didn’t have the money that Sophia came from. Her parents were convinced that she married beneath her. I wanted to prove them wrong, prove that I could be the man she should have married.”

“And you did.” Though Hudson had taken Pierce Industries to the top, it had been Jack that had built a solid foundation.

“I did. And Sophia wanted that too. But she hadn’t expected how lonely it could be, being married to a man who was married to his work. She decided I was cheating long before I ever did.”

His eyes glossed with sadness, or perhaps regret. “Not being around—that was my mistake. Her loneliness drove her to drinking. Alcohol made her more closed off. So it became a cycle—I wasn’t around because of work and when I was around, I didn’t want to be because my wife was a coldhearted bitch. I’d throw myself more into work, just to avoid her.”

I hid my smile. If I’d had to live with Sophia, I’d have done the same thing.

Reading my mind, Jack winked, but his somber tone remained. “Eventually, she realized the one person I would come home for was Hudson. He was my son. My firstborn. I made time for him whenever I could.” Jack’s eyes beamed with a love that only existed between a father and his child.

It made my heart soar—I really did love this man who loved my man as much as I did.

Jack swirled his finger around the rim of his coffee cup. “Sophia used my son to get to me. She dangled him in front of me to get my attention and pulled him from me just as quickly. Hudson was always a smart kid. He learned pretty early on that his mother used him as bait. Poor guy got caught in the middle of so many games. It’s no wonder he became good at them himself.”

My chest ached, picturing Hudson as a little boy, only wanting to be loved by his parents, instead being used as a pawn. “Was it the same with Mira?”

“No. Hudson had already become Sophia’s rival by the time Mira came along. Sometimes I think he fought his mother just to keep his sister out of her focus.” This idea seemed to make Jack proud. “Now does that sound like the actions of a sociopath?”

“No. It doesn’t. But I already knew he wasn’t. He has too much love in him.” Or was I just fooling myself? If he really loved me, why couldn’t he say it?

I felt a presence come up behind me, and I turned, expecting to see Mira.

“What the fuck are you doing here with her?”

It wasn’t Jack’s daughter.

It was his wife.





Chapter Eight





Sophia’s fingers clutched the back of my chair. “Celia wasn’t enough? Now you have to steal this one from Hudson too?” Her voice was too loud, and people nearby were already starting to murmur.

Jack’s face said he was as surprised by his wife’s presence as I was. “Sophia. What are you doing here?”

“Spying on you, osbiviously.” She meant obviously, but her words were slurred and hard to understand. I’d never seen her that way. Never seen her that intoxicated.

“You’re drunk.”

“That’s illeverant. Irreverant.” Sophia slumped into Mira’s empty seat. “That doesn’t matter.”

“How did you even know to come looking for me here?”

Sophia smirked. “Mira. She told me she was having lunch with you. I decided to come to the lie. To see the lies. To hear your lies about me this time. Now the whole thing is a lie. You got your daughter covering for your cheating ass as well?”

“Mom?” This time the person behind me was who I was expecting.

Sophia reached for her daughter’s hand with both of hers. “Mira! Look who I found your father with now. Hudson’s new girl.”

Mira glanced around at the onlookers as she patted her mother’s hand. “Mom, Dad’s not with Alayna. He’s with me. I told you I’d be here. I was the one who invited Alayna.” She spoke to Sophia like she was a child.

Memories of helping my own drunken father swam to the surface of my mind. Public situations were the worst. At home, Dad could scream and cry and make a fool of himself. We’d let him pass out in his mess and clean him up later. When there were others around, we had to be responsible and hope he wouldn’t be completely humiliating.

Mira’s expression said she was hoping pretty damn hard for the same.

“You invited this whore?”

Too late—Sophia had already crossed to embarrassing. Though her attacks on me were fairly routine.

“I did invite her. I didn’t invite you. Why are you here?” Mira waited only a second before going on. “Never mind. Mom, you’re drunk. We need to get you home. Did you take a cab to get here?”

“No.”

“How did you get here?” Mira signaled to the waiter to bring our bill. It was admirable how take-charge she was. I guessed it was a role she was used to.

“Frank?” Sophia paused as if not sure that was the right answer. “Yes, Frank’s outside somewhere.”

“I’ll call him.” Jack was already pulling out his phone.

Mira bent down to her mother. “I’m going to walk you to the curb, okay?”

Jack stood. “No, Mira. Let me. Frank?” he spoke into his cell. “Sophia and I are ready to go home. Fine. We’ll be out there.” He pocketed his phone then moved to help Sophia stand.

“Did you drive yourself, Daddy?” Mira’s words were mundane, but her eyes were filled with gratitude.

“Yeah, my car’s with the valet.”

Sophia fell against Jack. She was passing out.

Mira gently slapped her mother’s face. “Mom, you’re almost there. Hang on ‘til you get to the car.” When Sophia roused, Mira said to Jack, “I took a cab. I’ll drive your car home for you.”

He reached in his pocket and pulled out a valet ticket. “Thank you, babydoll.”

Mira took the ticket and nodded. Then she collapsed in her chair.

I watched as Jack led Sophia out of the restaurant. There was love in the kind way he held her up, the way he supported her journey.

When I turned back to Mira, I found she was crying.

“Don’t mind me.” She waved at her face as if she could fan away her tears. “I cry at everything these days.”

“I think this was a valid thing to cry over.” I shifted in my chair. It wasn’t that I was uncomfortable with Mira’s emotion, but I wished I knew how to soothe her. The best I could come up with was putting a hand on her knee.

“Why? I should be used to this by now, shouldn’t I?”

I didn’t say anything. I knew she didn’t really want an answer—she wanted someone to listen. As for myself, I’d never gotten used to it. But Mira was older than I was when my father died. I probably would have expected to be used to it by then too.

Mira looked out toward the restaurant entrance. Even though her parents were long gone, I knew she was picturing them there. “I just keep thinking, this is going to be the grandma to my baby. Do I want my child to be exposed to this?”

God, I’d never thought about that. If Hudson and I had a kid…

I shook the thought off. “I can’t imagine what that must be like. I do know how hard it is to have an alcoholic parent—how embarrassing it is. Has she ever been to rehab?”

“No.” She laughed, like it was an inside joke of some kind. “She won’t even talk about it.”

“Have you forced her to talk about it? Like an intervention? I’m not saying they’re fun, or easy, but they can work. I’ve seen them work firsthand, actually.”

“With your father?”

“No. No one ever staged an intervention for him. I regret it often. I wonder if things would be different if…” How many times had I wondered if my mother could have changed something? If his boss and his friends and Brian and I and our mother had sat him down and demanded change. Could that have saved his life? Saved my mother’s life?

I’d never know the answer. “Anyway. That’s the past. But I was talking about me.” I cleared my throat, surprised that I was sharing something so personal with someone I admired. “I had an intervention pulled on me.”

“What? When? For drinking?” My confession seemed to shock Mira out of crying.

“For obsessing over relationships, actually. I didn’t have many people in my life that cared for me at the time, but I’d gotten arrested, and—”

“Wait a minute—for obsessing?”

I watched my hands wringing in my lap. “For stalking.” I peeked up to see Mira open-mouthed. “I know. Embarrassing.” I swallowed my humiliation and focused on the goal of sharing my story. “Anyway, my brother and a couple of friends I had back then that have since all abandoned me because I was a total shit to each and every one of them, well, they sat me down and convinced me to seek help. Honestly, I only went because if I didn’t agree, it would have been jail time. But having them gathered like that—hearing that people cared what I did and what happened to me—it meant a lot.”

Mira put a hand to her mouth. “Alayna, I didn’t know.” Her eyes glistened still from her tears, but I could see something else as well—not disgust, like I would have expected, but compassion. “You’ve hinted at a rocky past, but…I didn’t know.”

“Of course you didn’t. Why would you?”

“I guess I wouldn’t.”

“My point in telling you is that I’ve learned through all my therapy that most addictions are really just a cry for love. And the crazy thing is that the more you’re addicted to something, the harder it is to look up and see all the love there is around you. For the one outside, it can be tough to break through. But sometimes you can break through. As long as you’re willing to try.”

I watched the wheels turn in Mira’s head as she processed all I’d said. But she didn’t say anything else. And then the waiter was there, telling us that Jack had paid for our bill on the way out, and our lunch was over.

“Monday for your fitting?” Mira asked as we parted.

“Yep. I’m looking forward to it.”

I pulled out my phone, ready to text for my ride when I saw Jordan waiting for me across the lobby. With my bodyguard in tow, I walked to meet my driver. “Jordan, is there something wrong?”

“Not exactly, Ms. Withers. But I wanted to warn you that Ms. Werner is outside. She’s been here throughout your lunch.”

“Fuck.” So much for thinking bodyguards and Pierce family members would protect me from Celia. “What is she doing?”

“Nothing. Sitting on a bench down the street is all. She even waved at me.”

“Yeah, she’s a very friendly stalker, isn’t she?” I chewed on my lip, thinking. “Did you tell Hudson?”

“I texted him, yes.”

“Would you take me to him?”

“Of course.”

Maybe Hudson would share his plans for my stalker now. I just hoped he actually had something in the works.





My new bodyguard, Reynold—who was only mildly attractive—insisted on coming with me into the Pierce Industries building. Having only had him around one morning, I hadn’t yet gotten used to always having a shadow. Fortunately, Reynold was good at his job. He tailed me inconspicuously and made it easy for me to forget he was even there.

Reynold stayed in the lobby while I took the elevator up to Hudson’s floor. As soon as I saw his secretary, I realized I hadn’t called or texted ahead of time. I had a feeling my unannounced visits irritated her, but Hudson had never claimed to mind so I smiled and pretended my presence was no big

deal. “Hi, Trish. Could I possibly stick my head in to chat with Hudson for just a minute?”

Trish returned my smile. “I’m sorry, Ms. Withers, but Mr. Pierce isn’t back from his lunch date.” She seemed a little too happy to really be apologetic.

I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was after two. Still at lunch? “Oh. Okay. Thanks.”

Disappointed, I pushed the elevator call button to go back down. While I waited for it to arrive, I pulled out my phone and texted Hudson that I’d stopped by.

I had just pushed send when the elevator doors opened. Standing there was Hudson. With Norma Anders.

Immediately I tensed. They were the only two people in the elevator—was that who Hudson had been on a lunch date with so late in the afternoon?

“Alayna. I didn’t expect to see you here.” Hudson didn’t seem put off by my presence, at least.

“I almost missed you.”

“I’m glad you didn’t. Come with me into my office.” He began to usher me toward his door. Then he stopped. “Norma—”

She cut him off. “I’ll email you.”

Hudson nodded. “Good. Thank you.”

Norma took off down the hallway, I guessed to her own office. I hadn’t realized she shared a floor with Hudson. I’d never thought about it, really, but now that I did, it bothered me how close they worked together.

Once the door was shut behind us, Hudson put his hands on my upper arms. “Why are you here? Did something happen?”

The original reason I’d come to see him seemed like nothing compared to how I now felt at the sight of him and Norma together. My blood was boiling and my stomach was knit tight. “I don’t know—did something happen?” Jealous accusations had always been one of my fortes.

Hudson leaned back, confusion on his face. “What do you mean?”

I wrapped my arms around his neck, hoping I’d sound less bitchy if I was in his arms. Also, I was sniffing for women’s perfume. “Let me rephrase—was Norma your lunch date?” The only scent I came up with was the usual Hudson smell that tended to set my pheromones on overdrive.

“More like lunch meeting, but yes.”

I’d hoped the evidence had been misleading. “Did you dine with her alone?”

Hudson withdrew from my embrace and pinned me with a stern stare. “Alayna, keep this up and I’m going to have to put you over my knee. Except I know how much you like that.” He bopped my nose with his finger and headed toward his desk.

His patronizing attitude made me all the more infuriated. “I don’t like that you had lunch with her. Alone.”

He shuffled some papers, his attention obviously elsewhere. “Well, I don’t like who you had lunch with either, so we’re even.” Before I could react, he looked up at me. “And no, that’s not why I had lunch with her. It was business. We’re working on a deal and we needed to hammer out details.”

Of course it was business. Did I have any reason in the world to think otherwise?

I didn’t.

I still didn’t like it.

I walked over to the other side of his desk. Memories of our last encounter here helped take the edge off my emotions, leaving me sounding less accusatory but whinier. “Did you have to do it in a social setting?”

Whinier seemed to work in my favor. Hudson’s eyes softened, though his tone was still straightforward and aloof. “I chose a lunch meeting with you in mind, Alayna. Would you rather that we’d stayed in my office with the doors closed and no one around?”

With the lingering images of the things I’d done with Hudson in his office behind closed doors, the question made me a bit ill. I slumped into an armchair. “You are not helping the situation.”

Hudson sat across from me. “You know that Norma is one of my key employees. My business frequently requires me to interact with her. In person. Sometimes, we’re alone.”

The explanation of his working relationship with Norma made sense. And sounded familiar. I decided to suggest a one-size-fits all solution. “Maybe you could transfer her.”

“With what reason?”

“The same reason you transferred David.” It was the exact same deal, after all. In reverse.

Hudson pinched the bridge of his nose. “While I understand your comparison of the situations, I’m not transferring Norma.”

I stood with a shriek of frustration. “This is really unfair you know.” I paced as I spoke. “I can’t work with someone you don’t trust but you can work with someone I don’t trust? And since you’re the big business owner in this situation, you were able to just take care of things with David, transfer him, and if he refused, fire him. What can I do? Nothing. I’m helpless.” I paused my walking and shook a finger at him. “Norma has a big fat crush on you, Hudson. I can see in her eyes that she’s not afraid to make a move.”

Hudson jiggled his mouse and focused on his computer screen. “She is quite aware that I don’t return her feelings.”

“How does she…?” The only way she’d know that was if he’d told her and the only reason he’d tell her…“Has she already made a move?”

“Alayna, this conversation is going nowhere. I have appointments—”

“Hudson!”

With a deep sigh, he leaned back in his chair and met my eyes. “She’s told me that she wishes there were more between us. If that counts as making a move, then yes, she’s made a move. But, as I’ve said, I’m not interested. And she knows it.”

I gritted my teeth to insure my next words didn’t come out in a scream. “Can you explain how this is different than me working with David?”

He blinked. Twice. “I can’t. You’re right. It’s not different.”

“But that’s all I get? You won’t change it?” It wasn’t going to be much of a victory if he answered the way I suspected he would.

“I can’t lose Norma. She’s too valuable to my company.”

And that was what I’d expected he’d say.

I leaned on the back of the armchair. There was nothing to say. Nothing I could say. He agreed with my point but was unwilling to do anything about it. Now we were at an impasse. Our eyes locked on each other as we each silently refused to back down.

After several long seconds, Hudson swore under his breath and looked away. When he turned back, he asked, “Do you want David to stay?”

My heart flipped in my chest. “Would you let him if I said yes?”

His eye twitched. “If that’s the only way to make this right, then I would.”

A thrill of happiness ran through me.

Until I remembered all the reasons why David staying wasn’t a good idea.

“Dammit, Hudson.” I couldn’t believe I was actually going to say what I was going to say next. “No. I don’t want David to stay anymore.” I refused to meet Hudson’s eyes. “It wouldn’t be good for him. He’s…he’s in love with me.”

“I know.”

I already knew Hudson knew. It was me that was just now admitting it.

I turned away from the desk and plopped myself down on his couch. Hudson came and sat down next to me. I rubbed my hand across his cheek. “Thank you for offering, though. I know that wasn’t easy for you.”

“No. It wasn’t.” He ran his fingers up and down my arm, leaving goose bumps in their wake. “But it would be worth it to make you happy.”

Man, he’d grown up in the last few weeks. I had to give him that.

But maybe I hadn’t, because I still wasn’t quite ready to let the subject of Norma Anders go to rest. “Have you considered that maybe it’s not good for Norma to work with you either?”

Hudson chuckled. “No, I haven’t. And I’m sure it’s not.”

I shifted to face him. “Could we make some sort of concession here?” I took his hand in mine, playing with it as I talked. “Like, could you not have meetings alone with her? Is there anyone else on your team that could join you in the future?”

With his free hand, he brushed a piece of hair out of my face. “On the project we’re currently working on—no. But it’s almost done, and I don’t expect that this level of secrecy would be necessary in the future.”

And on top of their private meetings, they were sharing a secret. Fucking great. “What project are you working on?”

“Nothing you’d be interested in.” Before I had a chance to scowl, he corrected himself. “I’m trying to purchase a company from someone who would never sell if they knew I was the purchaser. Norma’s the only person I can trust not to leak the information.”

“Fine.” I hated that there was no way around their working relationship. Hated it. But what could I do? “Fine,” I said again, more for me than him. “Social settings only, please. Where there are people around. And when this deal’s over, you won’t need private meetings with her anymore?”

“No. I won’t.”

“I’m going to still ask about her. Like, all the time. Because I can’t just let it go.”

He nodded. “I understand.”

Though I was pleased that we’d worked through our argument constructively, the resolution was still a bitter pill to swallow. “Do you know how much this hurts to let you keep her employed?” I squeezed his hand hard, digging my fingernails into the back of his hand to accentuate my pain level.

Hudson narrowed his eyes, tolerating my assault. “Believe me, I do.”

“Okay then. As long as we’re clear.” I released his hand.

“Was there another reason you stopped by?” He rubbed the back of his hand. “Or was Norma the intended subject all along?”

I laughed as I recalled the ridiculousness of my day. “No. I came by because I just wanted to see you. Lunch was…interesting…and then Celia was there again.”

His brow shot up. “Celia was there?”

“Jordan said he texted you.”

Hudson reached in his pants pocket and pulled out his phone. He flipped through a few screens. “Damn. I left my phone on silent. I didn’t know. She didn’t try anything?”

“Nope. Just let me know she was there.”

“Alayna. I’m so sorry.” He pulled me so I was half on his lap and wrapped his arms around me from behind.

I sighed, settling into the warmth of him.

Hudson kissed the top of my head. “Maybe you should take some time off. I could send you out of town. Would you like another week at my spa?”

I stretched my head to see if he was serious. He was. “I can’t leave now. Not with everything at the club. And she’ll know she scared me off. I can’t let her have that victory.”

“That’s a very brave response. I just hate that you’re in this position.” He tightened his arms around my breasts.

It was then that I remembered my other reason for stopping by. “Do you have a plan to deal with her?”

He was silent for a beat. “I talked to my lawyer today,” he said finally. “As you said, there’s nothing we can do legally. But we’re looking into some other options.”

“Illegal options?”

“How about you let me handle this? I’ll fill you in when everything’s sorted out.”

I didn’t have the energy at the moment to push him. Besides, it seemed he really didn’t have anything worked out at all, and forcing him to admit that would be unkind.

So I let it go. “You require an awful lot of trust these days.”

He placed a light kiss at my temple. “Too much?” His voice was strained and his body tight—it was his turn to need my reassurance.

So I said, “No. I trust you.” Though sometimes my trust was more of a work-in-progress. I turned to kiss his cheek. “I know you’ll take care of me.”

“Always.” His lips met mine just as his intercom buzzed. He sighed against my mouth. “I’m sure that’s Patricia letting me know my next appointment is here.”

I stood and then offered my hand to help him up. “Guess my blowjob plans are shot to hell then.”

His eyes darkened. “Maybe I could make them wait.”

Laughing, I swatted at his shoulder. “Shut up. I didn’t have blowjob plans. For all that I’m conceding to, I think I’m the one who deserves the sexual favors.”

“Tonight.”

“I’m holding you to it, H.” I reached up to give him a final peck on the lips. “Meanwhile, you should know that I hate you a little.”

“You do not. You love me.”

I shrugged. “Same thing.”

Hudson walked me out so he could welcome his next client in as I was leaving. I’d almost made it to the elevators when Trish called after me.

I walked back to her desk, wondering if she meant to scold me for keeping Hudson occupied.

“This was delivered for you while you were with Mr. Pierce.” Trish handed me a simple white envelope with my name written in block letters on the outside.

It didn’t occur to me that I should have given the envelope to my bodyguard until after I’d opened it and found the same business card that had been stuck in my books at home. Celia Werner, Interior Design.

The knot in my belly tightened. She’d been on foot when I’d left her at the restaurant. How could she possibly have followed me so quickly? Did she simply guess that I’d come here? Why hadn’t Reynold seen her coming up in the lobby?

“Who gave you this?” I asked Trish, aware that my voice was more demanding than would be deemed polite.

“I don’t know. A courier. I didn’t pay attention.”

“Was she blonde, blue-eyes—”

Trish cut me off. “It was a he.”

That explained why Reynold hadn’t seen Celia—she’d had someone else deliver it. As for knowing I was at Hudson’s office, well, wasn’t that predictable of me too?

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. All she’d left was a silly business card. It didn’t hurt me. It was meant to scare me, that’s all. Meant to warn me that she was watching. That she knew how to get to me.

Resolving to not let her get to me, I opened my eyes. I quickly scrawled a note to Hudson on the white envelope and put the card back inside. “Thank you, Trish. When Hudson is free, can you give this to him?”

I really wanted to burst through his doors and show him personally. Then convince him that both of us should leave it all behind and go to his spa.

But that would be running away. And running away never solves anything. Or so, that’s what everyone always says.





Chapter Nine





After I left Hudson’s office, I decided to try to forget my tension by wrapping myself in work. I was successful for most of the afternoon, but the anxiousness and stress of the day lingered just under the surface. I had to be at the club to meet Gwen by eight and imagined it would be a late night. I longed for a run, but decided instead on a group therapy session. Thursdays weren’t the day I usually went, but there was a session at six led by my favorite counselor. I could grab a bite to eat, hit the group, and be back in time to work that evening.

I shifted in my rusty folding chair in the Unity Church basement as I focused on listening to the others share. Most of the Thursday night regulars were strangers to me, and it seemed most of their addictions were hard to relate to mine. One person was a shopping addict. Another was addicted to social media. There was a gamer there too, a guy who was just as consumed with buying the latest system and game as he was with playing them. The only person that I felt even slightly connected to was the tattooed sex addict that I’d seen on other nights as well. I’d heard her speak before and recognized a lot of her same fears and frustrations as my own.

“Would you like to share anything, Laynie?”

I was more than a little surprised when the group leader called my name. Members weren’t required to speak at each meeting—or ever, if they didn’t feel comfortable—so it was odd for Lauren to call on me specifically. She knew me, though, having counseled me since the early days of my recovery. And if she couldn’t tell from my demeanor that I had something on my mind, the fact that I’d shown up twice in one week had to be an indicator.

I gave the customary history of my illness and then paused. Since I hadn’t planned on speaking, I wasn’t quite sure what I wanted to say. After a breath, I said, “I’ve had some extra stressors in my life recently, and I’m here because I feel like it’s causing me to backslide.”

Lauren nodded, her long braids clicking with the movement. “Very concise identification of emotion, Laynie. Let’s first talk about what kind of stressors you’re dealing with. Is there anything you can eliminate?”

“Not really.” I guess half of my stressors would be removed if I broke up with Hudson, but that wasn’t an option I was willing to consider.

“And that’s perfectly fine. Sometimes you can’t eliminate stressors.” Lauren turned her words to the whole group, using it as a teaching moment. “Most times you have to deal with them. Or we choose to deal with them because the reward is greater than the impact of the stress.”

Boy, had she nailed it. “Yes. That’s it.”

“So what are these stressors?”

“Um.” Now that I thought about it, I realized I’d had a lot in the last few weeks. “I recently moved in with my boyfriend.” I didn’t add that the relationship was still fairly new. At least not out loud. Internally, I marked it as another factor in my anxiety level.

“You have a new living situation.” It was customary for the leader to acknowledge the information shared. “That’s an adjustment.”

“Yes. And I just took a huge promotion at my job.”

The room buzzed as people shared congratulations. “Kudos to you,” Lauren said. “But yes, another stressor.”

“And my boyfriend...” How to bring up my current situation when I wasn’t quite sure why I was in it in the first place was tricky. “He has baggage that I’m having some trouble dealing with.”

Here Lauren took notice. “What kind of baggage?”

“Well, his ex—” Celia wasn’t really his ex, but it was easier to call her that. “She’s decided for whatever reason that it’s her mission to destroy our relationship. She’s been terrorizing us. Me, really. First, she accused me of harassing her—which I didn’t do.” I looked around at the other group members. “Honestly.”

“Hey, no one’s judging you here,” Lauren reminded.

Which wasn’t exactly true, because I was certainly judging myself. Admitting the next part was especially hard. I was about to complain about the thing people usually complained about me for. “And now she’s harassing me. Following me places. Leaving me notes and things.”

“Oh my god,” the shopping addict exclaimed. “Have you been to the police?”

A few other people mumbled the same concern.

I shook my head, halting the talk. “She hasn’t done anything worthy of reporting.” I could go on about what was and wasn’t worthy of reporting, but it wasn’t relevant.

“That kind of harassment would be stressful to anyone.” Lauren leaned toward me, her forearms braced on her thighs. “But I’m going to take a guess that it’s been harder on you. Does it bring back emotions from your past?”

“Of course it does. I used to do these same things to other people. It’s awful. It makes me feel awful.” I’d been afraid I might cry, but surprisingly, the tears were absent. Perhaps, I was growing stronger or had become more reconciled with the situation.

With my emotions in control, I was able to delve further into analysis. “Also…I kind of feel like I deserve it now. Like it’s my karma for the shit I pulled.”

The red-haired sex addict piped up, “You know that’s not how life works, right?”

“I guess.” But hell, I didn’t really know anything.

Lauren let us sit silently for a moment. She believed in a lot of quiet moments of reflection. They were often the worst and the best parts of the session.

I chewed on my lip as I processed. “Honestly, I know there are things that I need to work through in the area of self-worth. I’m journaling. I’m doing some meditation—yes, I need to do more. But really, those aren’t the emotions that I’m concerned with.”

“Okay,” Lauren conceded, “as long as you recognize that you have some work to do there, we can move on. So you have these stressors—some of them good—that can’t be eliminated. And you say they’re causing you to backslide. How so?”

I ticked the list off on my fingers. “I’m agitated. I’m anxious. I’m paranoid. I’m accusatory.”

“That sounds like me on my period.” Again from the sex addict.

“Yeah, I call that being a woman.” This came from the compulsive shopper.

I couldn’t decide if they were attempting to relate or invalidating my feelings. Paranoid that I was, I assumed the latter. “You’re saying these are normal emotions, and I need to just chill the fuck out.”

“Maybe,” sex addict said.

“Not necessarily.” Lauren tapped her index fingers together. “They are normal emotions. But if they are impacting your daily life and relationships, then you need to deal with them.”

“They aren’t…yet. But only because I’m fighting them.” At least I was trying. “The paranoia is the worst and it’s unfounded. I’m suspicious of a woman my boyfriend works with. And I have no reason to be. Fortunately, he likes it when I’m jealous.” I delivered the last part for the sex addict who winked in appreciation.

“Do you think you’d like to try medication?” Lauren preferred to stay away from drugs, but she always offered it as a solution.

I’d hated the numb zombie I’d become on the anti-anxiety pills I’d taken in the past. “No. No meds. I’d rather handle this on my own.”

“Well, you know the drill.”

“Yes. I do. Substitute behaviors.” Though two of my go-to substitutes were running and reading—both had been compromised by Celia.

Lauren pointed a stern finger at me. “And communication. Make sure you talk through all the feelings you’re having, no matter how unreasonable.”

I tried not to roll my eyes. “That’s why I’m here.”

She smiled in a way that made me think she understood I’d felt patronized. “Being here is a great step, Laynie. Don’t get me wrong. But it’s not just us you need to talk to. Make sure you’re communicating with your boyfriend too.”

Communicating with Hudson…

God, I was trying. We were both trying. But if I really went there, really told him all the paranoia that lived inside, about the knot of dread that permanently occupied my belly—would he still be interested?

As she often did, Lauren addressed my unspoken concerns. “I know, it’s scary. You’re afraid other people can’t deal with your thoughts and your feelings. And I can’t promise that they can. But this is who you are. It’s not going away. If you can’t share who you are with the people who love you, then maybe they don’t really love you.”

That was the biggest question of all, wasn’t it? Did Hudson truly love me? He’d shown me that he did, but he’d still never really said it. And I’d never really asked. Maybe there were still things left to be said—by both of us.





Gwen showed up to The Sky Launch fifteen minutes early, which would have been impressive if I wasn’t running in just she arrived. And because of everything else on my mind, I felt off my game. Fortunately David was there with me to help fill in the gaps as we walked through the club and talked about what role Gwen might fill.

It turned out Gwen Anders knew her stuff. At every turn she had appropriate questions and innovative ideas. She was no-nonsense, enthusiastic, and forward-thinking. Though most everything she said was right on, I inexplicably bristled a few times at her suggestions. Maybe because she was tough. Maybe because she challenged me. Maybe because I was on edge in general.

After the tour, Gwen helped us open for the night. Then we moved back to David’s office to wrap things up. More accurately, my office, since David was leaving. Maybe our office if I decided Gwen would be the one to help me with The Sky Launch.

“So,” Gwen began, “right now the club is open from nine p.m. to four a.m., Tuesday through Saturday?” Gwen and I were settled on the couch. David had pulled the desk chair around to make an easy conversational area.

“Right,” David confirmed.

“But we’re moving to expand the hours and be open seven days a week.” That had been one of my goals since I’d gotten my promotion to assistant manager.

Gwen frowned. “That doesn’t seem the best idea right now. Eventually perhaps. But right now you aren’t filled to capacity when you are open.”

I tried to hide my scowl. It was refreshing that she was so direct, but attacking one of my ideas so blatantly didn’t sit well.

Apparently not noticing my reaction, Gwen went on. “Why would you extend your hours? First step is to bring more people in, fill the club, then expand.”

David looked hesitantly to me. “There’s actually some good reasoning in that, Laynie.”

There was good reasoning. Still, did I want to work with someone who was always so forthright?

I wasn’t sure.

“Expansion was your idea, wasn’t it?” Gwen finally caught on. She shrugged. “I stand by my opinion.”

She was good. Real good. “Gwen, I have a feeling we’re either going to be very close friends or bitter enemies.”

“Do you want this job, Gwen? Because I’d suggest the close friends angle and then you’re a shoe-in.” It was sort of cute how David tried to smooth the tension over. He’d never been one to like conflict. He was more of a people-pleaser.

“Oh, I don’t know.” Gwen crossed her long legs. “Alayna’s a smart woman. She strikes me as the type to know the value in keeping your enemies close.”

I narrowed my eyes. The last time I’d heard that phrase it had been from Celia. Keeping her close hadn’t benefitted me at all. Of course, I hadn’t been aware she was my enemy at the time, and I wasn’t sure that Gwen was my enemy either. I just didn’t know enough about the woman yet.

“Tell me something, Gwen.” I put my elbow on the arm of the couch and propped my chin in my hand. “Why do you want to leave Eighty-Eighth Floor?” The question had crossed my mind before, but I hadn’t gotten around to asking until just then. “You seem to be an integral part of that club’s success, and, not that I wouldn’t love to steal you away from them, but why would you let me?”

“Sometimes a woman just needs a change of scenery.” She ran a hand over her leg, smoothing out her pantsuit with deliberate focus.

“I don’t buy it.” If she could be hard-nosed, so could I.

“Touché.” She sighed then met my eyes. “Personal reasons. Forgive me for not being more forthcoming, but it really doesn’t have any bearing on why I should or shouldn’t be hired. My boss at Eighty-Eighth knows I want to leave. He’ll give me a good reference. Other than that, I’d rather not share.”

People and their damn secrets. I wondered if Hudson knew Gwen’s reasons. I wondered if he’d tell me if I asked.

Then, paranoia snuck in, and I wondered if it wasn’t the reasons she wanted to leave Eighty-Eighth Floor that were important, but the reasons she wanted to work at The Sky Launch. “It’s not because of Hudson, is it? That you want to work here.”

“I’m not sure what you’re asking. If you mean, do I want to work here because this club is the only one in town owned by the powerful business exec Hudson Pierce who also runs the hottest restaurant in town—Fierce—and the hottest club in Atlantic City—Adora—then the answer is yes. I want to work here because Hudson Pierce has the power needed to make this place live up to its potential. The Sky Launch is one of the few places that could rival what Eighty-Eighth is.”

Of course that’s why she’d want to work here. What other reasons would there be?

I scolded myself for thinking the personal reason had to do with Hudson. Trust. I had to remember trust.

Blowing a piece of hair out of my eye, I made my decision. “Then you’re hired. Not because you’re my friend or my enemy but because you’re exactly who I need. I reserve the right to pass judgment on you personally in the future.”

Gwen smiled slightly. “Fair enough.”

David stood and held out his hand. Gwen stood up to shake it. “Welcome aboard,” he said. “Sorry I won’t be here to watch you kick ass. Or kick Laynie’s ass. Either way, I think you’re going to knock her off her feet.”

“Hey, now. I can kick ass, too.” I stood and put my hands on my hips, feigning indignation.

The look on Gwen’s face said she doubted my statement.

“What’s that expression for? You can’t doubt me. You don’t even know me.”

“No, I don’t.” She narrowed her eyes. “But you have to be lacking something—or you think you’re lacking something. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have come looking for me.”

Maybe we’d be enemies then. “I just don’t want to do it all alone.” My voice came out meek and I regretted defending myself. I didn’t owe her anything.

To make matters worse, Gwen pointed out my unnecessary words. “No need for explanations. All I need to know is when I start.”

“You’ll accept the position then?” I was already somewhat regretting my decision.

Gwen raised a brow. “You accept that I might be a bitch to work with?”

“For some crazy reason, yes, I do.” We had to work together, after all. Not be friends.

“Then I’m all yours.” This time her smile reached her eyes.

“Fantastic.”





Hudson was asleep when I arrived home hours later. It was disappointing—not just because he’d promised sexual favors, but because, after therapy, I’d been eager to connect with him. I considered waking him, but a part of me couldn’t help feeling like he might be avoiding me. There was no reason to believe that. Just that he rarely went to bed without me and my insecurities were on high alert.

Instead of giving in to them, I sat on the edge of the bed, closed my eyes and ran a few mantras through my head. The repetition settled me, but I longed for more. From his breathing pattern, I knew he was sound asleep behind me. Still, I was eager to start the communication that Lauren had suggested. Without bothering to undress, I stretched out next to him and ran my fingers through his sleep-tussled hair.

“I’m scared, H.”

His breathing didn’t alter.

“About lots of things. Little things. Mostly, I’m worried about Celia—that I’m not strong enough to not let her get to me. Especially because she’s always been the girl that you should be with. In my head, she’s the one I picture you with. Everyone does. She’s perfect for you, from her manicured nails to her pedigreed upbringing. And, at the moment anyway, she doesn’t have a police record.” I smiled to myself, fantasizing about Celia pushing far enough that she’d possibly get a restraint against her.

Of course, she was a Werner. Her money and connections would never let that happen. I shared that fear with Hudson too.

It was so simple to tell him these things when he was sleeping. Not because it was difficult to talk to him when he was awake, but because his presence dominated so completely that I didn’t feel the need. It was when I was away from him that my thoughts tortured me most.

“I believe in us, H. More than anything. But do you? You used to tell me you were incapable of love. Do you still believe that? Or do you love me as much as I believe you do?” He curled into me, but it seemed like a reflexive move, not a conscious one.

As he turned, his phone fell into my lap. He must have fallen asleep with it in his hand. Had he been waiting for my call? I’d texted around midnight saying I’d be late. Had he gotten that message?

Curious, I swiped his screen to unlock it. My text message had been marked unread—he must have fallen asleep before that. No wonder he hadn’t texted back.

It was mostly accidental that I hit the recent calls button. At least, I told myself it was an accident. Immediately, the name on the last call caught my eye—Norma Anders. They’d talked for twenty-seven minutes, the call ending at nine-fourteen.

I reached over Hudson to put the phone on the nightstand then settled into his arms. He’d probably been talking to Norma about Gwen and her new position at the club, I told myself. Except Gwen hadn’t left the club until ten. She hadn’t made any calls or dismissed herself during that time, so Norma and Hudson couldn’t have known I’d offered the job to Gwen at the time of the call.

And the thing that really didn’t fit into the equation—why was Hudson the one who called Norma?

They work together. They were discussing business, of course. Because wasn’t nine at night exactly the time that a typical executive talked to his female financial manager? On a cell phone? From his bed?





Chapter Ten





I woke up with Hudson’s head between my thighs.

“Mmm.” His breath along my folds sent chills down my spine. I peered down at him through half-open lids, wondering how he’d gotten me bare and spread without rousing me until now.

He caught my gaze. “You didn’t wake me up last night.” He licked along my seam. “And I owed you.” His words were gravelly. I loved that I was the first person he spoke to most mornings—that his just-woke-up voice belonged to me.

And I loved what he was doing with his tongue.

I shivered as he caressed my clit with a long velvety stroke.

His head popped up suddenly. “Or would you rather I let you sleep?”

“No! Don’t stop.” I pushed him back down and stretched my arms above my head.

Hudson chuckled lightly. Then he attacked my nub with earnestness, in turns sucking and licking and swirling his tongue, exciting every nerve in my body. My insides clenched, and a trickle of moisture pooled in my channel. Overcome with pleasure, I wriggled underneath him, but his hands grasped under my thighs, keeping me still and at his mercy.

My breath came out in soft, jagged moans, and then in a gasp as his tongue moved lower, plunging into my hole. “Oh god, Hudson.” My hands flew to his hair. Though I’d never dream to control his actions—he’d do a much better job than I would—I loved pulling and tugging at his strands while he drove me mad with oral attention. While he fucked me with his tongue.

Then his mouth was back at my clit, flicking and dancing along my tight ball of nerves, and it was his fingers inside me, rubbing along my wall, stroking me in just the right place.

“Fuck yeah, right there.” My leg muscles tightened and my lower belly tensed as the pleasure built within me. The first wave of climax washed over me unexpectedly, much faster than I wanted it to.

“It’s not enough,” Hudson growled. “I need you quivering and out of your mind.”

I couldn’t argue if I wanted.

He renewed his assault with invigorated passion, adding a third finger, stretching and filling me with skilled strokes. He reached his other hand up to massage my breast through my clothes. I ached to feel him skin-on-skin but didn’t want to interrupt his rhythm to undress. Instead, I arched into his kneading palm while my hips bucked under his artful ministrations.

Damn, I was soaring again, so soon. My legs shook, my knees knocking against Hudson’s head as I tried to hold on. Then, with a half-sob, half-yelp, my orgasm burst through me. Stars shot across my vision and my entire body trembled while I came and came over Hudson’s hand.

He fed on me while I settled, teasing my pussy until the last waves of my release shuddered through my system.

“You’re welcome.” Hudson was up and off the bed before I could regain thought process.

I reached after him. “Where are you going? I need to return the favor.” Though my limbs were mush, and my mind already skirting the line between consciousness and post-orgasm coma.

“That wasn’t part of the deal. And besides, as incredible as that sounds, I have an early meeting to get to.” He leaned down and kissed me on the forehead. “What time did you get in last night?”

“Three-ish,” I mumbled, still in a haze.

Hudson pulled the covers over me. “Go back to sleep, then. I’m sorry I woke you.”

“I’m not.”

I must have dozed because Hudson had already showered when I finally got up and padded into the bathroom. I yawned a, “nice view” as I passed Hudson shaving in a towel at his sink.

“You slept in your clothes.”

“But I somehow seem to be missing my panties.” I flashed my bare ass to remind him. “And yeah, I was too tired last night to get undressed.”

He grinned. “You should have woken me. I would have helped.”

“Nah, you looked so peaceful. I didn’t want to disturb you.”

“Trust me, it wouldn’t have been disturbing. It’s disturbing now because I can’t have you the way I want you.” His dark gaze met mine in the mirror. “I thought you were going back to sleep.”

“I will. Nature called.” And I wanted to see him. His phone call to Norma nagged at me, and, in an effort to take Lauren’s advice, I thought I should communicate my feelings about it. Hell, even without Lauren’s advice, I’d still be eager to confront him.

I started past him, figuring I’d talk to him when he was done in the bathroom. Or at least when he was dressed and the sight of his body with a measly towel around him wasn’t such a distraction.

But Hudson reached his arm out and caught me. “Hey.”

I could never resist his touch. I settled into his embrace, inhaling his just-washed smell.

He lowered a clean-shaven cheek to my head. “I missed you.”

I smiled against his chest. “I missed you too.” So much. Missed being in his arms, missed touching and cuddling, missed feeling like we were completely together and safe from the world.

My fingers trailed against his bare skin, and I felt the towel tent up between us.

“Christ.” Hudson pushed me away with a reluctant groan. “I want you, but I really don’t have time to deal with you properly this morning.”

“I wasn’t the one who woke me up.” I sighed, recalling the good-morning delight. “Not that I’m complaining.”

Hudson looked after me with clouded eyes. “Maybe I can be late.”

“No, no. You be on time like a good businessman.” I waggled a finger at him. “How about I follow you around while you get ready and we can just talk?”

“I’d like that. I’ve missed talking to you too.” He returned his focus to the mirror, applying cream to the still unshaven cheek. “Oh, I got your note you left with Celia’s business card. My lawyer said we should save anything we find like that. As potential evidence. So if you get anything else, let me know.”

“Believe me, I’ll tell you.” I sat on the edge of the tub and braced both of my hands on the porcelain at either side of me. “There’s nothing he suggests we can do about it, though?”

“No. Not yet.” His tone was more serious than I liked. “Are you sure you don’t want to leave town?”

“I’m sure.” But I did think about it for half a second. Getting away had its appeal. But being apart from Hudson was the last thing I needed at the moment. Especially with all the women in his life that wanted me gone.

My thoughts flashed again to the name I’d seen on his call log. “Though I bet Norma wouldn’t mind if I wasn’t around.”

“Norma again?” He grimaced. “What’s brought her up?”

“You’re going to laugh.” Or he was going to be pissed off. Taking a deep breath, I let it spill. “You fell asleep with your phone and I checked to see if you had gotten my text. Then…oh god, don’t hate me.”

“What did you do?” His tone was curious.

I lowered my gaze. “I checked your recent calls. I saw you talked to Norma.”

When I peeked up, I found he was smiling. “Let me guess—that bothers you?”

His amusement erased my hesitation. “You called her at eight-something at night. From your bed.”

This time, he laughed. “Come here.”

I didn’t move, infuriated by his response.

He composed himself and turned to face me, holding his hand out as he had before. “Alayna, come here.”

Sighing, I went to him. “I told you I was always going to ask about her.”

“Yes, you did.” Hudson wrapped his arms around my waist and settled his forehead against mine. “It was business. I needed to get some figures together for the meeting this morning, and the ones she’d sent me earlier in the day didn’t add up.”

“It was business,” I repeated, relaxing into him. “Always business. Always the excuse.” Asking him didn’t really make a difference. I knew what he’d say. But it would nag at me whether I voiced it or not. Speaking up gave me the chance to hear his story stay the same, one of the bonuses of communicating.

I pulled my head back to see his face and found his grin was back. “Why are you smiling at me?”

“Because I adore it when you’re jealous.” He circled my nose with his. “You know this.”

“Shut up. I hate it. I can’t believe you like seeing me crazy.”

“I like seeing that you care.”

I didn’t know if I should laugh or be concerned. Why would he need my reassurance? “I love you. You know that.” Hadn’t I proven that time and again?

“Yes, I know.” He tightened his grip around me. “Your jealousy shows me your words are true. It’s nice. Keep being jealous. Or crazy, if that’s what you want to call it.”

“You’re so weird.” I ducked away as he bent to kiss me. “You’re going to get shaving cream all over me.”

“I don’t care.” This time when he came toward me, I met his lips. He kissed me sweetly and tenderly, yet I could feel he was holding back, trying to not get carried away with his passion when he had a schedule to keep.

I wasn’t on a schedule though, and I liked kissing him. I put my hands around his neck and pulled him closer, deeper, moving my tongue in further to play with his.

He had to push me away. “I can’t have you this close anymore.” He swatted my behind as I walked back toward my spot at the edge of the tub.

“I’m sorry I snooped.” But I wasn’t all that sorry. Not anymore. It had earned me a fabulous make-out session that I didn’t regret in the least.

Hudson turned back to the mirror. “Don’t be sorry. You know I have no secrets.” He paused. “Well.” He kept his eyes down as he washed his razor. “You know I don’t care if you snoop.”

My stomach dropped, as if I was coming down the hill of a roller coaster. “What do you mean by that?” I moistened my suddenly dry mouth. “Do you have secrets you aren’t telling me about?”

Without looking up, he shook his head. “Of course not.” He turned to face me. “I simply meant that we can never know everything about each other. Can we?”

“But we can try.”

“Yes. We can try.”

We sat a few seconds in awkward silence with him leaning against the back of the counter and I on the edge of the tub. There was something more beneath his statement. Something dark and heavy. I was both drawn to it and turned off all at once. Maybe he was referring to the details of the things he’d done to people in his past. I’d heard some of his stories—none of them pretty. I never expected he’d share each and every past guilt. It would be cruel to want him to relive his pain. I certainly hadn’t told him every one of my past indiscretions.

But what if there was something else…something new, something present. Were there secrets that he kept from me that were relevant to us?

How could I ever know?

“Speaking of Norma—” He was the one to end the weirdness. “How did your interview with Gwenyth go?”

Talking business was the perfect escape from the worry that was edging into our pleasant morning. I jumped right in. “I offered her the job, and she accepted. She’s leaving Eighty-Eighth Floor without notice. They knew she was trying to leave, it seems, so she’s working today as her last shift there and will be at The Sky Launch tonight.”

I hadn’t realized how excited I was about having a partner until right then. Wow. I was going to be the manager of The Sky Launch. And I wouldn’t fail because I had a good team—Hudson, Gwen, and a slew of other great assistants. Why hadn’t I let this sink in before now?

“Congratulations!” Hudson caught my enthusiasm. “I’m glad you hit it off.”

I thought back to the strange interaction Gwen and I had the night before. “I wouldn’t say we hit it off, exactly. Challenged each other is more like it. But she’ll be good for the club. Do you know why she wanted to leave Eighty-Eighth so quickly?”

“I don’t.” He turned back to the mirror and wiped off the remaining shaving cream from his neck with a face towel. “Did you ask her?”

I kept my eyes down and traced the floor’s tile pattern with my big toe. “She said it was personal. I thought you might know more. Because of Norma.” Was she the source of his secret?

“If Norma knows, she didn’t share.” He set down the towel and turned toward me. “Or if she shared, I wasn’t paying any attention.”

I grinned, somewhat mollified. “I like to hear that you don’t always pay attention to Norma Anders.” I slid my gaze over him. He was so hot. I didn’t think I could ever get tired of how delicious his body was. And he was all mine. Wasn’t he?

“Stop looking at me like that or I’ll definitely be late.”

I instantly longed for him to forget his meeting. He could stay and warm me up, fuck me good morning until the sun was high in the sky. There couldn’t be room for doubts as long as he was in my arms.

But unfortunately, we couldn’t live our lives in bed.

With strength I didn’t know I possessed, I tore my eyes away. “Get dressed. It will help.”

“Good plan.” With an evil grin, he tossed his towel aside.

My eyes were glued to his naked behind until he disappeared into his closet. Such a tease.

While Hudson dressed, I undressed, trading the clothes I’d slept in for a t-shirt of Hudson’s from the hamper. It smelled of him and I needed that—needed his presence to cling to me even as he was preparing to leave.

When he met me again in the bedroom, he was wearing one of my favorite suits—a dark gray Armani two-piece that intensified the color of his eyes. He looked sharp. Extra sharp. His meeting was obviously an important one.

“You look good.”

He glanced at me in the mirror where he was straightening his tie. “Do I?”

“Mm-hmm.” In one of my more passive-aggressive moves, I added, “I’m sure Norma will agree.”

But though Hudson was good at games, he only played them when he was the one in control. His didn’t say a word as he filled his pockets with his phone and wallet, didn’t acknowledge if my guess was right.

Communication, I reminded myself. This is who I am. I need to know. “She will be there, won’t she?”

Finally, he turned to me. “She will.” In three quick strides he was at the bed, pulling me roughly to my knees. He wrapped his hand around the back of my neck, forcing my eyes to meet his. “And whether she thinks I look good in this suit or not is none of my concern. I only care that you’ll be the one to take me out of it later tonight.”

My breath caught. “Okay."

He brushed his nose down the side of mine. “You’ll be home to undress me this time?”

I nodded. “I promise.” I couldn’t remember everything on my agenda for the day, but if there were a conflict, whatever it was, I’d rearrange it to be home.

“Good.” He inhaled deeply and I sensed he was warring with himself. “I have to go. This meeting—”

“I know, I know. You’re late.”

He paused. “Kiss me goodbye?”

I moved in to give him a peck, not wanting to kindle any flames when he was running behind. But Hudson wouldn’t settle for that. He plunged in between my lips, fucking my mouth with aggressive strokes of his tongue the way he’d fucked my pussy earlier. When he’d finished, I was breathless.

“That seemed a lot like a promise of some sort,” I panted. “Whatever do you have up your sleeve, Mr. Pierce?”

“Now I can’t give away all my secrets, can I?” He kissed my nose. “Going now. Get some rest. You’re going to need it.”

I climbed back into bed with the taste of him still on my lips and the smell of him on my clothes and the warmth of him in my heart.





I made it into the club around eleven. With David training Gwen on most of the night shifts, I was alone with my bodyguard for most of the afternoon. It made it easier to be productive, but it was also lonely. If Jordan had been on duty, I’d at least have someone to talk to. But it was Reynold, and he wasn’t the chatty type. It was silly to have him while I was at work. Hudson’s money, though, not mine. If he wanted to pay for the guy to sit outside my office and play Candy Crush on his iPhone, then so be it.

Around four, I decided to get some coffee at the shop nearby. Reynold was talking on the phone this time so rather than bother him with my plans I let him think I was going to the bathroom and slipped out the back door. Stepping into the light of day, I remembered how much I loved the outdoors. Sure, I preferred the earlier hours before the heat and humidity became sweltering, but if it weren’t for my recently acquired stalker, I’d definitely be in the fresh air more often. Damn, Celia.

Thinking of her made a trickle of sweat bead at the back of my neck. Perhaps I should have brought Reynold along after all. Traffic rushed around the circle next to me. A cab was idling at the curb. A limo pulled up behind it. I was surrounded by people—why did I suddenly feel so anxious?

As if spawned by my anxiety, a strong arm wrapped around my waist, while another covered my mouth, stifling my scream. I was hoisted and pulled into the back of the limo and onto the lap of Hudson Pierce.

“What the fuck?” I scrambled to a sitting position, my heart beating at a rapid pace. “Hudson! You scared the shit out of me!”

“Where’s your bodyguard?” he asked pointedly. “You on the sidewalk without him scared the shit out of me.”

I scowled. “Terrifying me isn’t any way to prove a point.”

“It isn’t?” He grinned, pulling me into his arms.

I struggled, still fuming about his prank, but I wasn’t a match for him. He easily restrained me against his chest. Besides, in the end, I enjoyed being in his arms. “What are you doing here, anyway?” I nestled into him.

“I’m kidnapping you. Obviously.” His hand slid up and down my bare leg, leaving gooseflesh in its wake.

I wrapped my arms around him and beamed. A night out with Hudson was exactly what I needed. “Awesome. Are you taking me to dinner or something?”

“Or something.” With his elbow, he nudged the intercom on. “Let’s go,” he said, and the limo pulled out into traffic.

My concern for the unattended club outweighed my usual concern about riding without a seat belt. “Wait! I haven’t locked up the club or anything.”

Hudson tightened his hand around my waist, holding me in place, and moved a finger up to my lips to shush me. “I was talking to Reynold when you left. He’s taking care of securing the building. Why were you sneaking away?”

I stuck my tongue out and licked the length of his finger, the salty taste lingering on my lips. He pulled it away with a stern look. It seemed he wanted answers before he was willing to play. “I wasn’t sneaking away.” Okay, maybe I was. “I was only running next door for coffee. No big deal.” The crease in his forehead said that he didn’t agree with my assessment of the situation. “All right, I won’t do it again.” I leaned up and pecked him on the lips. “So seriously, where are you taking me?”

He smiled mischievously. “I said I wanted you out of town.”

“What?” I bolted upright, straining against his hold. “I can’t leave town, H. I work tomorrow night. And I don’t want to leave town. We talked about this.”

He grabbed my wrists and held them as if he feared I would push the intercom and ask the limo driver to stop. Which I was considering.

“Settle down, precious.” He pulled my hands up to his mouth and placed a kiss on each one. “I simply thought a weekend away might be good for us.”

“Both of us?” I’d been very much opposed to the idea of running away, but a weekend away with Hudson was an altogether different idea. Sweet. Romantic.

“Yes, both of us. I’d send you away if you’d let me, but I’m glad you won’t because I can’t bear to be away from you.” He circled my nose with his before settling a kiss on the tip of mine. “I arranged for David and Gwen to cover The Sky Launch tomorrow. We’ll be back Sunday night.”

“I’m the main manager now. I can’t just take off whenever I want.” There wasn’t any fight in my protest though. I was only pointing out the facts so that I wouldn’t feel guilty.

Hudson had no such guilt. “I’m the owner. Yes, you can.”

“I feel like I should be irritated at you about this.” I grinned. “But I’m not. Thank you. I’d love to be away with you for the weekend.”

“I think you need it. We need it.”

“You’ve never been more right. And that’s saying something since you’re right an awful lot. But don’t let it go to your head.” I wriggled out of his arms, eager to get into my own seat where I could buckle up.

I snuggled as close to him as I could with my belt on. “Where are we going? Are we stopping at the penthouse so I can pack some clothes or did you take care of that, too?” Knowing him, he probably did.

“You’ll see when we get there.” He fastened his own belt, likely for my benefit, then threw his arm around my shoulder. “And precious,” he whispered at my ear, “you aren’t going to be needing any clothes.”





“Wake up, precious. We’re here.”

I must have fallen asleep leaning against Hudson, because the next thing I knew, we were stopped and he was gently nudging me.

I blinked several times, letting my eyes adjust to the light. “Where’s here?” I yawned.

“Come on out and see.” He tugged me out of the limo.

We were by a log cabin surrounded by lush green woods. A line of wildflowers bordered the stone walkway, butterflies dancing from blossom to blossom. The blue sky was clear and free from smog. Birds sang and a pair of chipmunks scurried up a tree nearby. A little way beyond the house, I could see a lake. The scene was so remote, and the limo and Hudson’s two-piece attire were out-of-place. It completely satisfied the yearning for nature that I’d been experiencing.

“The Poconos?” I guessed. He nodded, his eyes watching mine as I took in the beauty. It was perfect. “It’s absolutely gorgeous.”

Hudson’s face relaxed into a smile. He turned to the driver of the limo who was unloading a small suitcase from the trunk of the car. “Seven p.m. on Sunday.”

“Yes, sir.”

I watched as the driver got back in the car and drove off, leaving us alone in what I was calling paradise. Hudson picked up the suitcase with one hand and took my hand in the other, leading me to the door of the cabin.

I gestured toward the luggage. “I don’t need clothes, but you do?”

He laughed. “It’s essentials. For both of us. I assure you, if you’re naked, I will be as well.”

At the door, Hudson pulled a key from his pocket. “This cabin’s been in our family for years,” he offered before I could ask. “We have a hired manager that opens the place up once a week to keep it from getting musty. Other than that, Adam and Mira are the only ones who come up here on a regular basis. I thought it was time to get my own use out of the property.”

“As I said before, H, good thinking.”

He opened the door and swept his hand for me to go in first. The interior was as perfect as the outside. The design was rustic and homey—not typical of the Pierce’s usual gravitation toward luxurious spaces. I could see why it wasn’t a place that Sophia would hang out, or even Jack for that matter. The front room had large comfy sofas and leather armchairs. Two log columns separated the space. A stone fireplace broke up the floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the deck and the lake beyond. It was peaceful and breathtaking.

And we were alone—no coworkers with crushes, no bodyguards, no crazy stalkers. Completely alone.

I heard the click of the door and Hudson came up behind me. I felt it then—the crackle of energy that always existed between us. It kicked up to a high buzz, as if someone had just turned on a switch, and all my lingering fatigue and anxiety instantly left me, replaced with an intense, immediate need for him.

It wasn’t just me that felt it. In one swift movement, Hudson had me turned around, one hand on my ass, the other pinning both of mine behind my back as he kissed me frantically. Mercilessly. His tongue tangled with mine, twisting in a dance that was new and consuming. He backed me up as he held his lock on me, leading me somewhere, leading me I-didn’t-care-where. The only place I wanted to be was in his arms, in his mouth, in this bubble of frozen space and time that only contained me and him.

God, I was lost—Hudson’s lips sent me spiraling into a haze of lust and desire. Then his hands were under my bodycon dress, gathering the material and shimmying it up my thighs and up over my breasts, over my head until I was free from the garment. He tossed it aside and pushed me against one of the log pillars. Again, he pinned my hands, this time over my head. His other hand stroked my skin at my hip. He broke away from my lips and lowered his mouth to my breast. He nipped through my bra, sending an electric shock through my body. The rough wood against my back, his teeth biting my sensitive flesh—it was a mix of such strong sensations, sending my nerves into full alert.

His fingers trailed along the skin at the top of my panties, then slipped inside to find my clit, already swollen and wanting. His hand slid lower through my folds. “Ah, you’re so wet. I want to lick your lips clean. But I want to be inside you.”

“Hudson.” I wriggled against the post. “I need. My hands.” I couldn’t speak in full sentences. “Need to touch you. Need you naked.”

His mouth returned to mine. He bit my lower lip and followed it with a soothing suck. Then he let my arms free. “Okay,” he said.

He shrugged out of his jacket while I began on the buttons of his shirt. My hands worked so frantically, so urgently, that I popped a button. I paused. “Whoops.”

With a groan, Hudson pulled at the material, popping all the remaining buttons. It was impressive. And hot. My hands flew to his chest. I pressed my palms along the smooth planes and down over the ridges of his abs. His skin felt like fire, the solidness of his flesh such a stark contrast to the softness of mine.

As I explored his torso, he explored mine. He pushed the cups of my bra down and plumped my breasts with strong, sturdy hands. My nipples stood at avid attention. A brush of his thumbs across them set my knees to buckle and my thighs to press together.

With another groan, Hudson let go of me and took a step back. “Fuck, you’re so gorgeous like that. Your breasts standing up for me. Your legs begging for me to push my way between them.”

I moved toward him, unable to bear the absence of his heat. As I reached him, though, he surprised me by picking me up and throwing me over his shoulder. “Time for a change of scenery,” he said.

He spoke as we walked. “Mini tour. Kitchen’s there. Bathroom. And here’s the master bedroom.”

I craned my neck to peek at each of the rooms as we passed, not really caring about them, but curious as to our destination. In the master, he plopped me onto the bed. “Though I plan to mark you in every room of this house, we’ll be spending most of our time here.”

I wasn’t even tempted to glance around. I sat, propped on my elbows behind me with my eyes pinned on him while he undid his belt and pushed off his pants. His hard, thick cock poked from the top of his briefs. My mouth watered as I waited for him to take them off, too.

But he didn’t. Not yet. “Turn around,” he ordered.

I rolled to my stomach, my body obeying before my head could register his command.

“Up. On your hands and knees.”

God, when he got dominant, I got insane. My limbs shook with anticipation as I pushed up to my knees, my head away from him. With his hands clutched at my hips, he tugged me to the edge of the bed and pulled my panties down until they were at my knees. He leaned over my body and undid my bra. The straps fell down around my elbows. I left it there, not wanting to move, enjoying the feel of his body pressed against my backside. His bare cock poked against my ass—he must have removed his underwear while I turned around. Instinctively, I spread my knees as far as my panties would allow them.

Hudson squeezed my breasts and slipped his cock between my legs, rubbing his hard length against my pussy. I moaned as he knocked against my clit, each jab sending me higher and higher. Yet he wasn’t where I really wanted him—not yet.

“Hudson.” It was half plea, half cry. “Please. I need you.”

He continued rocking against my folds. “I know, precious. I know what you need.”

And yet he wouldn’t give it. I squirmed against his cock pulsing between my legs. “Need you. Inside.”

“Say it again and I’ll make you wait even longer.”

“Please, Hudson.” I couldn’t help myself. The words tumbled out without my permission.

He pulled off of me. “I told you not to ask again.” He slapped my ass. Hard.

A trickle of moisture pooled between my legs. He slapped me again on the other cheek, and I cried out from the pleasant sting. He rubbed away the burn with wide circular passes of his palms. If he spanked me again I thought I just might come right there.

But he didn’t. His hands left me. My body shuddered from the absence of his warmth and the jolt of the strikes and the unease of not knowing what would happen next.

Then suddenly he was where I wanted him, inside me—not his cock, but his tongue. I cried out at the sweetness of it. I looked down between my legs and found his face there, his mouth poised over my hole as he plunged in and out with long, velvety strokes. His fingers came up to swirl across my clit. I squirmed, absolutely in love with what he was doing to me, at the same time desperate for him to fill me with his erection instead.

The torment drove me mad. It also made me come, hard and fast, a breathy cry escaping from my lips. I was still coming when he—finally—entered me. He thrust in, grunting as he pushed through the clenching of my orgasm. “Ah, Jesus, you’re so goddammed tight.”

Quickly he pulled himself out to the tip and bore into me again. I loosened around him as I settled down. He dug his fingers into my hips and hammered into me, pulling my whole body to his with each drive. My hands curled into the bedspread, another orgasm already beginning to gather in my belly like a storm.

With a frenetic pace, he continued to drill into me. “I. Can’t. Get. Deep. Enough,” he grunted a word in between each thrust. “I need. To be. Deeper.”

Fuck, he was already so deep, each merciless jab hitting me in just the right place. Every exhale was a whimper, my hands and knees shaking as he assaulted me with enormous jolts of pleasure.

He withdrew again to his tip and paused as he flipped me to my back. Pushing my knees back into the bed, he leaned into me and resumed pounding into me with a fevered pace. “Come with me, precious.” It wasn’t a request. He meant for me to obey. “I’m going to go soon. Tell me you’re coming with me.”

“Yes,” I panted. “Yes. Yes.”

“Good.” He pushed on the underside of my thighs, tilting my hips up, and bucked into me, hard and deep. Deeper than he’d ever been; I’d swear he’d never been that far inside of me. My orgasm began surging through me. “Wait, Alayna.”

I widened my eyes, gasping in shallow breaths as I tried to hold on.

“Wait. Wait. Wait.” His command matched the rhythm of his thrusts. “Wait.” Then, “Now!”

At his permission, I succumbed to the force that had built inside, letting it rip through me with lightning speed. My pussy clenched around his cock as Hudson pressed into me with a long, deep drive. “Fuuuccck!” He elongated the word as he knocked against my pelvis, spilling into me fiercely.

He collapsed onto the bed next to me, his chest rising and falling in tandem with my own. “Well,” he said after a few minutes. “That was…”

Holy, wow, I thought.

Hudson finished the sentence, stealing one of my other favorite terms. “…amazeballs.”





We spent the evening in the bedroom, only leaving to make sandwiches from the supplies that the property manager had dropped off before we’d arrived. We made love late into the night and woke with a morning round as well.

Though we were in the middle of nowhere, I discovered we still had wi-fi. It was almost a disappointment—part of the beauty of the cabin was the remoteness of it. Yet it was nice for listening to music. After a breakfast of yogurt and fresh berries, I set up Spotify on Hudson’s laptop, logging in as me, and turned on one of my favorite playlists. We lounged naked on the sofa, my head at one end, his at the other while he massaged my feet.

Phillip Phillip’s So Easy came on. I hummed along for a bit, occasionally singing some of the words.

Hudson watched me with admiration. “You have a nice voice.”

I blushed. It was funny to realize that I hadn’t ever sung in front of him. Oh, the firsts we still had between us. Since I was already embarrassed, I admitted, “This song makes me think of you.”

His nose wrinkled in surprise. “You have a song that makes you think of me?”

“Several. A whole soundtrack.” We were listening to the playlist I had titled H, after all.

“Hmm. I didn’t know that.” He tilted his head and I could tell he was trying to catch the words.

I sang along, helping him hear the important parts, getting louder at the chorus where Phillip sang about making it so easy to fall so hard.

It was Hudson’s turn to be embarrassed. He looked down at his hands working the sole of my foot, a small smile playing at his lips. The song ended, and he moved to my other foot. “How about a shower?”

I stretched my arms over my head and pointed my toes, noting the soreness of muscles that I didn’t even know I had. “Yes. Definitely.” A hot shower sounded good. But I didn’t make a move to get up. Not moving sounded good too.

“Do you have any specific plans for the day? Besides the shower.”

I groaned as his thumb worked at the knot in the ball of my foot. “You have me kidnapped in the mountains—I think I’m kind of at your mercy.”

“That you are. In which case, I was thinking I’d like to spend the day inside you as much as possible.”

I grinned. “I’m totally okay with that. Anything else you have planned?”

“I’d like to take you for a walk around the property. And perhaps some online jewelry shopping. I believe a new necklace or earrings for Mira’s event might be nice.”

Instead of automatically arguing about the idea of a gift like I usually did, I weighed the idea in my head. “That might not be bad. I don’t have anything nice, and I have been through the wringer lately. Maybe I deserve a present of some sort.” I smiled coyly.

“Alayna!” Hudson exclaimed. “I’ve never heard you care about any of that before.”

I stared at my hands and shrugged, wishing I hadn’t said anything.

Hudson abandoned my feet, crawled up to my face, and covered my body with his. “I’m very pleased. And a whole lot aroused.”

Well, he was somewhat aroused. The new position made it evident.

“Why does my acting like a greedy bitch turn you on?”

“Because I love giving you things. It’s something that I’m good at. I wish I could give you more but you never seem interested.” He ran his fingers through my hair. “So anything you want, I’ll give it to you. A shopping spree? A week in Nevis? A car?”

I rolled my eyes and tried to push him off of me. “You’re making fun of me now.”

He held his ground, both physically and conversationally. “I’m dead serious. Do you want me to buy you a company? Or an island?”

“Stop it.”

“No. I won’t.” He tilted my chin up to meet his eyes. “Anything you want, Alayna. It’s yours. And since you don’t seem to know that, I’ll have to work even harder to make sure you take advantage of my wealth.”

Again, I tried to push him away. “I don’t want or need to take advantage—”

“Now stop.” He moved his hand to caress my cheek. “I know you don’t. You never have. But I’ve told you before that you own me. Whether you take advantage of it or not, I’m yours.”

I started to protest again, but he continued. “And thereby, all I own is yours.” He met my eyes with stone-cold sincerity. “There are contracts that can guarantee that, you know.”

I swallowed. Gulped, actually. The kind of contracts he was talking about…joint ownership…those were hints at wedding bells if I’d ever heard them. Petrified and a little bit thrilled, I tested the waters. “That’s some pretty serious stuff you’re implying.”

“I’ll do more than imply if you let me.” His voice was quiet but genuine.

My heart pounded in my chest. He couldn’t say I love you, but he could promise me the moon? He got intimidated when I expressed my feelings through a song, but he could offer a lifetime?

We weren’t ready for that. I wasn’t. He wasn’t, even if he thought he was. “I think I’ll just take a nice piece of jewelry for now,” I whispered.

I waited with bated breath for his response, hoping I hadn’t hurt his feelings.

It took a second, but he smiled. “Then it’s yours.”

Wanting to lighten the mood more, I added, “Also, some more books. And did you really say a car?”

He shook his head in disbelief. “You don’t want a car. You don’t like to drive.”

It was true that I wasn’t fond of being behind the wheel of a car. But there were other places that driving occurred. “No, I like to drive. You just never let me.”

He narrowed his eyes. “You’re not talking about cars anymore, are you?”

“Nope.” I reached my hand down to circle his cock that was still semi-aroused. I stroked him, once, twice.

He groaned and flipped me so that I was on top of him. “How about you drive right now?”

I straddled him, positioned myself over his cock and slid down. “It kind of seems like I already am.”





Chapter Eleven





We returned to the city Sunday evening, rested and deliciously sore. At least, I was. I was also more excited than ever about our relationship. Still, as eager as I was to get back to our home and our lives, a sadness accompanied our arrival. Hudson and I had made great strides at connecting while we were alone. Could we hold onto our progress back in the real world?

I worried that the answer was no. Especially when, after setting the suitcase in our bedroom, Hudson headed straight to the library to get some work done. I was asleep when he went to bed, and he didn’t wake me. Just like that, our vacation was over and we were back to life.

The next morning, I woke before Hudson left for the day. I sat up against the headboard, watching him as he laced his belt through his slacks. “I’m glad I caught you.”

He lifted a brow. “You caught me? I was under the impression that I’d caught you.”

I tossed a pillow at him. “I mean right now. I’m glad I caught you before you left.”

He put his jacket on and turned to give me his full attention. “Why? Do you need to talk to me?”

“I don’t need to. My days are just better when they start off seeing you.”

His lips slid into a smile. He came to the bed, placing one knee into the mattress and pulling me into him. “I feel the same way. Completely.”

I wrapped my arms around his neck and played with the hair at the back of his neck. “Let’s try to make sure we start it that way more often, okay? And when we go to bed, the same thing.”

He leaned his forehead into mine. “I didn’t want to wake you, precious.”

“We never want to wake each other. Let’s get over that. I’d rather lose sleep than lose what I have with you. And sometimes I feel like with our work and day-to-day lives, we slip away from each other. This weekend reminded me how good it feels to be the center of your world.”

His expression grew warm. “You’re always the center of my world.”

I melted. Would he always be able to make me feel this good? I had a feeling the answer was yes. As long as he took the time to tell me. As long as I took the time to listen. “Well, then wake me up and tell me that before you go from now on.”

“Done.” He captured my mouth, kissing me sweetly. “You’re the center of my world, precious. Every minute of every day. Even when I’m not with you.” He brushed his lips against mine. “You make it so easy to fall so hard.”

He remembered the words of the song I sang him! My heart flipped in my chest and my eyes grew misty. I clutched onto him. “God, I love you.”

He lingered another moment, his gaze fixed on mine.

A rush of…something…swept through my body. It was impossible to pinpoint the exact emotion, and I suspected it was a combination of a whole lot of stuff—melancholy and lust and love and adoration.

But, even with all the good stuff, under all that, there was a steady pulse of dread.

He narrowed his eyes, studying me. “What is it, precious?”

“I don’t know.” How could I explain this unwarranted feeling that the beautiful thing we had was right on the edge of shattering? I brushed my hand across his cheek. “Sometimes, when you go, I’m left feeling off kilter.”

“Trust me, precious, the feeling is mutual.”

I thought about his response long after he’d left, wondering what he’d meant. Maybe he hadn’t realized that my statement wasn’t exactly a compliment.

Or maybe I had him just as off balance as he had me.





Mira tugged at the waistband of the blue floral A-line I was wearing. I couldn’t see myself in the mirror from where I was standing in the dressing room, but from what I could see, it looked pretty damn good.

“Turn,” she demanded.

I spun half-heartedly. I was tired of spinning, frankly. It was nearly three and after trying on dozens of outfits, we still hadn’t found the perfect one for her reopening. Scratch that. Mira hadn’t found the perfect outfit. I’d found several.

“Hmm.” She studied me with narrow eyes. “I love this one, but it’s not as good on you as I thought it would be.”

I swallowed back my sigh. “Maybe I’m not a very good model.” I suddenly had a ton of appreciation for those who modeled for a living. I loved clothes. I loved trying new clothes on. I did not, it turned out, love being poked and prodded and scrutinized by a feisty fashion expert.

Mira shook her head. “That’s the thing. You’re too gorgeous and this dress dulls you.”

Dulls me? That was a new one.

“There’s too much material,” she went on. “It’s like I’m trying to hide beauty.”

“Whatever.”

“There’s got to be something else.” She rifled through the dresses on the rack that I had yet to try on, which was not many. “All of these have the same problem. We need a perfect balance between the dress and you. We need one that shows more skin.”

“Don’t make it too skimpy or Hudson will kill you. Or me. Or both of us.” Thoughts of Hudson were never far away when I was in Mira’s shop. We’d had amazing sex right in that very dressing room— my hands pressed against the mirror, his cock thrusting in from behind—

“Hudson can bite my ass.”

Leave it to Mira to bring me back to reality. Sharply. Except now I was thinking about Hudson biting my ass…

Mira pulled a dress from the rack, looking it over. “Did you figure out if Hudson has any plans for Celia?”

“Unfortunately, I think he doesn’t.” That was what my heart was truly telling me. It was probably also why he wanted me out of town. “And did you see Celia was there at the restaurant last week?”

Mira whipped toward me. “Oh my god! She was? I didn’t see her. With Mom and everything, I guess I was distracted. Did she say anything to you?”

“Nope.” She’d skirted past the Sophia incident, so I took that as a sign she didn’t really want to talk about it.

“Thank goodness for that.” She turned to put the dress back in its place and began shuffling through the outfits we’d already been through. “I can’t believe she has time to dedicate to that. I mean, she doesn’t need the money, but she has a job. Does she just ignore her clients?”

I’d actually lost jobs in the past due to my own obsessions. But for once, I didn’t want to compare. I decided to go for a lighter approach. “I know, right? Maybe she pays an assistant to do all her work.”

Mira laughed. “Or she canceled all her projects this month.”

“And put up a sign in her office that says: Closed for Stalking.” We were both laughing now. The release felt good. It broke the ever-present tension sort of in the same way sex did. If I couldn’t spend all my days in bed, I definitely should spend more of it laughing.

“Well, at least we can find the humor.” Mira moved behind me, apparently giving up on the clothes rack. “But there’s no humor in this horrid dress. Let’s get you out of this lousy thing.” She loosened the ties that threaded across my back, then started removing the pins she’d put in to tighten the dress at my waist.

There was a tap at the dressing room door. Stacy entered without waiting for an invitation. “Here’s some for that one.” She handed a pair of cherry red heels toward her boss.

I hadn’t seen much of Stacy that afternoon. She’d stayed relatively busy with another customer, but as soon as she was finished, she had popped her head in. Mira had sent her on errand after errand, asking for a different bra, another box of pins, and so on.

But even just seeing her sporadically, it was enough to send my mind back to the video she’d offered to show me. I’d told Hudson I didn’t need to see it—and I didn’t—but that didn’t stop me from being slightly curious. Okay, more than slightly.

Mira waved the shoes away. “We’re scrapping this one. It’s not quite right.” Her eyes lit up. “You know what? We should try the Furstenberg piece. The new one. What do you think, Stacy?”

Stacy tilted her head and examined me, perhaps trying to picture me in the dress they were talking about. “It would look great with her skin tone. And the fit is meant to accentuate the bust line, which works with her body type. Is it still in the backroom?”

“Yes.”

Stacy turned to leave.

“No, wait.” Mira stopped her. “I pulled it for Misty to try on and then she chose something different.” Her brow pinched. “Crap. I don’t know where it is now.”

“I can look around,” Stacy offered.

“Let me go. I don’t expect you to figure out where my hormone-influenced brain left it. Will you help her out of this one?” Mira handed the pin box to Stacy.

Maybe it was my imagination, but Stacy’s expression didn’t seem too pleased. “Certainly.” And her voice was tight.

Mira didn’t seem to notice. “Thanks. Be back shortly!” Under her breath, she added, “Hopefully.”

Stacy kept her head down while she moved behind me, as though she were deliberately avoiding looking me in the eye. Waves of hostility rolled off her body. She’d been cold in the past, but this was different. More angry. Was she mad that I’d refused to see her video? How petty was that?

I debated whether I wanted to break the tension or not. Finally, I decided to try. “Are you excited for the renovation celebration?”

“Sure.” Again, her response was curt.

And not a lot to work off of. “I imagine it will bring new business. Will you be hiring more help?”

“Probably.”

Yeah, definitely some rage going on. I felt the waistband loosening as she removed the last pins.

“Lift.”

I raised my arms for Stacy to pull the dress over my head. She was rough as she did, and when my hair got caught, she muttered an unconvincing apology. Then she turned to hang up the outfit on the rack.

I wrapped my arms around myself, feeling odd in my panties and strapless bra in front of a woman I barely knew. A woman who apparently was not very happy with me.

I considered letting it go.

But letting things go had never been one of my strong points.

Stacy remained turned away as she worked, so I had to address her back. “Are you mad at me?” She didn’t say anything so I clarified. “Mad that I didn’t want to see your video?”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” she huffed. Then, after a beat, “That’s not why I’m mad.”

“But you are mad?” I knew it! My paranoia wasn’t always off-base. “Why?”

“Seriously?” She flew back around to face me. “I offered that video as a gesture of kindness. One woman to another—we’re supposed to look out for each other. At least we are in my book.”

I was completely lost. “I have no idea—”

She cut me off. “I told you Hudson didn’t know that I had it. And then you went ahead and told him about it anyway. That was just…just low.”

My head swam. “Wait, wait. I’m confused.”

“What exactly is confusing about it? I went out of my way to help you and you pretty much betrayed my confidence.” She leaned against the dressing room wall, throwing her gaze up. “I don’t know what I expected. He’s Hudson Pierce, after all. He gets everybody’s panties in a wad with just a glance.” Her head shot back toward me. “Hey, he didn’t trick you into telling him about it, did he?”

“No. No, he didn’t trick me.” Things were starting to fall in place, but not enough of them. I took a step toward her. “Look, I’m sorry that—”

“Don’t bother.” She practically spit. God, she was mad.

“Please!” I put my hand up either to prevent her from stopping me or to shield me from any further assault. “Please let me finish.”

I don’t know why I waited for her permission, but she gave it to me. “Fine.”

“I’m sorry I told Hudson, and that it betrayed your confidence.” Honestly, it hadn’t occurred to me that she wouldn’t want me to tell him. Now that I thought about it, perhaps it hadn’t been in good taste. “I wasn’t trying to…hurt you…or piss you off in any way. I was just trying to be honest with my boyfriend. And I didn’t tell him what it was, obviously, because I didn’t know. I asked if he knew what you might have and he said he had no idea. End of discussion.”

She started to open her mouth to say something, but I spoke before she could. “Wait, one more thing—” The most important thing. “How do you know that I told him?”

She tapped her finger against her thigh as though considering whether or not she wanted to tell me. “He’s emailed,” she said after a beat. “And called me, asking about it.”

“Emailed…?” Hudson had emailed Stacy about the video?

“And called. Every day last week, in fact.”

The color drained from my face, and I had to sit down on the dressing room bench. “But why would he do that? What did he say?”

“His email said he learned that I had a video with him in it, and he wanted to talk to me about it. He mentioned a bunch of legal things about privacy and libel and all that crap. Then he asked if I’d send it to him. His phone messages said the same.”

“What did you say?”

“I didn’t actually talk to him. He kept calling, though, so I finally sent it Thursday. There was really no point keeping it from him. He knows I saw what’s on the video, even if he didn’t know about the video itself.”

If she sent it on Thursday, then Hudson had most likely already seen it himself. Was that what he’d been referring to the other morning? His secrets?

“Then he emailed me today and asked me if we could talk about what he’d need to do in order to ensure the video was gone forever.” Her voice was thick with disgust. “Like I could be bribed.”

“I don’t understand.” My eyes rested on my lap, my words for myself, not Stacy. “He said there was nothing you could possibly have that would interest me. He wasn’t concerned about it. Why would he…?”

“Because he’s lying to you, Alayna!”

Stacy’s emphatic statement drew my focus back to her.

“That’s exactly my point about him. You can’t trust him or anything he says. He’ll string you along, make you think he’s interested, make you think he’s available. But he’s not. I don’t know what the hell game he’s playing, but he’s good at it.”

A game. Was that what the whole thing was about? Had Stacy been one of his victims? It would explain why he’d been so protective about the material.

I felt sick.

Though I knew about the things he’d done to people, it didn’t mean I was comfortable with it. Didn’t mean I wanted to have to meet face-to-face with the people he’d hurt.

And what if that wasn’t what this was about at all? If he’d scammed Stacy, I could deal with that. It wasn’t new information.

If it was something different…

I made a choice. One that I didn’t know if I’d necessarily be proud of later, but the only one that would protect my sanity. “What’s on the video, Stacy?”

“Uh-uh.” She turned back to the dressing rack, busying herself with straightening the clothing. “I’m not playing this game. You didn’t want to see it.”

I still wasn’t sure that I wanted to see it. But now I had to. “I was wrong. I shouldn’t have…I don’t know…dismissed it so easily. You have to understand—I was trying to trust him because…” Why was I trying to explain the details of Hudson’s and my relationship? It didn’t matter why I hadn’t wanted to see it. What mattered was that I’d changed my mind.

I stood and stepped toward her. “Look, you wanted me to see it to warn me about him. Don’t you think I need the warning even more now? Woman to woman. Please.” I was desperate—grasping at whatever would speak to her. It was manipulative, perhaps, but I’d been learning from the best.

Stacy’s face softened. “I’m off at four. Give me your email and I’ll send it to you as soon as I get home.”

“Thank you. Thank you.” I dove for my purse on the floor where I kept my business cards.

“But I’m done. I’m destroying the damn thing like he asked and then no more. Whatever you decide about the man, you’re on your own.”

“Of course.” I found the item I was looking for and handed it to Stacy. “Here’s my card. The email is my home and work.”

She took the card from me and tucked it in her pocket.

“Thank you, Stacy. And, again, I’m sorry. If I can make it up to you…”

“Found it!”

Mira’s return interrupted me. I was grateful, actually. The sooner she had a dress chosen for me and her event, the sooner I’d be on my way home. And Stacy would be off soon. Maybe her video would even be in my inbox by the time I booted up my laptop at the penthouse.

As I put the latest outfit on and posed and smiled and succumbed to Mira’s primping and ecstatic cries of “This is the one,” I felt more comfortable with myself than I had in a while. Lauren was right—some things would always be in my nature. Needing to know everything didn’t say anything about my levels of trust or distrust in Hudson. It was all about me and my compulsions. The things I could and couldn’t live with.

And when it came to secrets, I would always have to uncover them eventually.





Chapter Twelve





The drive back to the penthouse was the longest I’d ever been on.

I’d left Mirabelle’s at the same time Stacy had. Once again, she’d said she’d email me the file and once again I thanked her. Then she headed toward the subway and I slipped into the back of the Maybach. My hands were sweaty as I fastened my seat belt, but my heart was also beating with anticipation.

It didn’t escape me that I was reacting like an addict getting her first fix in months. And wasn’t that exactly what I was doing? The romantic obsessive girl about to indulge in compulsive snooping?

It was only Jordan and me in the car—Reynold had the afternoon off—and I’d intended to go back to the club for a while after Mira’s. But I knew I’d be too consumed with the video to work. And watching it in a private location seemed like the best move.

Four p.m. on Monday in NYC, though, is rush hour. Getting from Greenwich Village to Uptown was a nightmare. I busied myself with trying to figure out how to set my email up on my phone—why hadn’t I thought that was a good idea before now? But I couldn’t focus enough on the steps to make it happen.

Instead, my mind buzzed with questions. So many questions beyond what was on the video. Like, how had Stacy happened to make a video in the first place? If it had been made with her phone, wouldn’t she have been able to send it by phone? Was she carrying around a video camera and then just happened to tape this…this…whatever it was? Why did she think this particular moment was even worthy of preserving?

Which led to the question, what about the video made Hudson want it destroyed? That was a big one, the reason I’d ended up pursuing getting a copy for myself.

And then there was Stacy’s comment about Hudson wooing people. She’d said it as if he had wooed her. Hudson had sworn they’d only had the one date. It was this detail that intrigued me the most. Because even if all the video ended up being was proof that his relationship with Stacy had been one of his scams, he’d at the very least lied to me about the extent of his interaction with her. That pardoned me from whatever trust of his I was about to break, didn’t it?

I hadn’t promised I wouldn’t see the video, I reasoned. I’d told him I didn’t have to. Well, things had changed. And now I did have to. No promise broken, simply a new set of circumstances.

That’s what I convinced myself, anyway.

At the penthouse, I was out of the car before Jordan could open my door. “Remember to set the alarm,” he called after me. That was the arrangement. When I was at the penthouse alone, Jordan or Reynold would wait outside until I’d set the security system. Then they’d get an automatic text showing a secured status and they’d leave. At the moment, Celia was the least of my concerns, but in general, it was nice knowing that even though I was protected, I still had some semblance of privacy.

Once inside, I set the alarm, ran to the library to get my laptop, and settled in on the couch. I muttered to myself as my email seemed to take longer than usual to load, and then held my breath while I scanned my inbox.

There it was. My only unread message. From StacySBrighton.

I clicked the email open.

There was a short paragraph above the video attachment. Eager as I was, I began the download then returned to read it.



Alayna,

As I said, I’m done with this now. Take or leave this information as you wish. In case you want to know the circumstances of the footage, I’ll tell you this: Hudson had asked me to meet him for coffee. I’d shown up and found him like this. I shot them with my phone before he saw me. Later, I transferred it to my computer and I got a new phone, which was why I couldn’t send it to you that way.

Anyway. Here it is.

Stacy



At least she’d answered one of my questions. But Hudson asking to meet her for coffee? More and more I was sure what I was going to find—Hudson playing a game on his sister’s assistant. It was heartbreaking. For Hudson, for Stacy…and what about Mira? I wondered what she knew about it all.

My computer popped up with a message that my download was complete. My hand paused above my keyboard as, for half a second, I considered not watching. Once I saw it, I could never un-see it. What if it was something that embarrassed him? Was it fair that I see the worst of him? What if Hudson had learned my deepest darkest mistakes? How would that make me feel?

But he already had learned them. He’d gone behind my back before he’d ever really spoken to me, read my police record, done his own research. And in the end, he was still with me. How was this any different?

I wouldn’t know until I saw it.

My finger clicked the file open. I enlarged the picture to full-screen. Then I sat back and watched.

The video swept across a building as it moved to focus on its subjects. Then it settled on the back of a head. It didn’t matter that I only could see hair and shoulders—I knew that hair. Knew the color and the texture by heart. I even knew that suit jacket. A dark blue Ralph Lauren. Not one of my favorites but definitely familiar.

Hudson’s head swiveled slightly one way then the other. He was kissing someone—making out with her. His body completely hid the other person. All I could see of the woman were her small hands wrapped around his neck.

Jealousy wracked my body. I couldn’t help it. Sure, it was before I knew him, but this was my man, my love, kissing someone else. If Stacy had come to meet him, thinking they were about to go on a date—well, that explained why she’d been upset.

Then the kiss ended. And for a moment I was thrilled.

But he moved away, and there she was—her face flushed, her lips plump from the kiss, her blonde hair wrapped tightly into the chignon that was typical of her style.

I felt the blood drain from my face. Hudson and Celia. I’d thought about the possibility before, but seeing it for real was much worse than I could have ever imagined. So much worse.

The video kept on. Celia reached out to straighten Hudson’s tie. He shooed her away, turning more fully to the camera. Now I could focus on his face. His expression made my gut wrench—he was smiling, laughing almost. Something he’d done so rarely before he’d met me. At least, that’s what I’d come to believe about him. It was that happy, carefree expression that made it impossible for me to excuse the kiss as being one-sided. They’d both been into it.

Then, when she started to walk away, he pulled her back into another kiss. Slower, sweeter.

The video ended there.

Thankfully. Because any more and I was going to throw up. Except that didn’t stop me from pushing play again.

I pulled my legs up to my chest as I watched this time. Each second of their kiss, my chest tightened in anguish. It would have been cliché to say my heart was breaking. As if it could actually tear apart from emotional pain and still allow a person to live. How trite.

Besides, it didn’t feel like that. It felt like a vise-grip. Constricting. Like someone had taken the organ from my chest and squeezed.

All the times I’d asked, all the times he’d denied...

But if it had been a scam, a scam on Stacy—my hopes lifted for a moment as I reasoned that scenario. Maybe the kiss wasn’t real. Maybe it had all been Celia and Hudson playing a game together. He’d never said he’d involved Celia in his charades, but knowing that she was also a player, wasn’t it a good possibility?

It was marginally better. They’d still been kissing, but it meant he hadn’t lied to me about their relationship. It meant they’d never truly been together.

It took the third time viewing the video before I realized the flaw in that theory. When I’d seen it enough to be able to catch the details and not just be focused on the kiss. Hudson had said his scheming had been over for some time before he met me. That he’d been in therapy and had been on the wagon, so to say.

But the sign on the building behind them—it was for the Stern Symposium. That had been the night of my presentation. The night Hudson saw me for the first time. The night he said he knew that I was special.

The night that began everything for me and Hudson, he’d been kissing Celia Werner.

Either he was still scheming when he met me or he’d been dating her. Either way, he’d lied.

Having an alcoholic parent, I’d chosen to never use liquor to settle my emotions. My addictions were of a totally different nature. But the emotions boiling inside of me needed something stronger. I went to the library bar and reached for a shot glass and a bottle of tequila.





“Here you are.”

When Hudson found me almost an hour later, I was outside on the balcony, looking out over the railing. I’d intended to be shit-faced by the time he got home, but had only managed four shots. For me that was enough to make me impaired.

But it hadn’t been enough to stop the throbbing ache in my chest.

I glanced at him over my shoulder. I’d prepared several speeches, but at the sight of him, they all left me. “I didn’t realize you were home.”

I turned back to the view. It was far less devastating than looking at the man who’d betrayed me.

“I am.” In my periphery, I saw him move up beside me. “You don’t come out here very often.”

I shrugged. “It scares me.” I was cold to him—my tone, my entire demeanor. There was no way he missed it.

Tentatively, he attempted to figure it out. “You’re afraid of heights?”

“Not really. It’s falling that scares me.” I gave a small laugh as I realized the relation of the fear to the feeling I was experiencing at the moment. “It’s actually thrilling to be out here. Being so high up, feeling so untouchable, the wind rushing at you from below. I can see why so many people are intrigued by the idea of flying. Problem is, no matter how good the flight, you always have to come back down eventually. And lots of times, that return is a free fall.”

“You’re waxing poetic tonight.” His frown was apparent in his voice.

“Am I?” I gathered up my strength and turned to look at him. “I suppose so.”

Hudson smiled and took a step in my direction, his arms reaching for me.

I stepped away, or more like stumbled away.

He grabbed my arm to catch me. My eyes latched on to where his hand grasped. It felt like my skin was burning under his touch, and not in the amazing way that it usually burned, but in a way that left me wondering if I’d be scarred for life. Hell, he’d touched me everywhere in our time together—would all of my body be scarred?

At least my outside would match my inside.

Hudson leaned in to help me steady. He smelled it then, how could he not? “Have you been drinking?”

I pulled my arm away. “Is that a problem?”

“Of course not. You just don’t usually drink. You’re full of all sorts of surprises this evening.”

“Ah. Surprises. It’s certainly a day for that.”

“Have there been others?”

“There have.” I brushed past him to get inside. I was done with the small talk. There were things to be said, and saying them outside wasn’t my preference.

He followed me in.

I waited until I heard the door shut behind me before I turned to face him. I’d planned to hit him straight up with the news that I’d seen his video. But those weren’t the words that came out. “Hudson, why don’t you ever tell me that you love me?”

“Where did that come from?” He looked like I’d slapped him. Considering that I wanted to, it was a pleasing outcome.

However, it wasn’t the response I wanted. Not in the least. And I had enough liquor in my system to keep me pursuing the answer I wanted. “It’s a valid question.”

“Is it? My methods of emotional expression haven’t seemed to bother you before—why now?”

“Hasn’t bothered me?” I was incredulous. Did he really not know how desperate I was to hear it? “It’s always bothered me. I’ve been patient, that’s all. Letting you settle into our relationship. I realize it’s all new for you—you’ve never let me forget it. But it’s new for me too. I’ve bared all my heart to you. And you can’t give me this one thing—three things, actually. Three little words.”

“You know how I feel about you.” He turned away from me and headed toward the dining room bar.

It was my turn to chase after him. “But why can’t you say it?”

“Why do I need to?” He poured himself a Scotch. “If you understand, there’s no point.”

“Sometimes it helps to hear it.”

“Helps what?”

He was so controlled, so even-mannered—it drove me insane. I raised my voice. “Helps everything! Helps deal with insecurity. With doubts.”

He set the bottle on the counter and pivoted toward me. “What are you doubting? Us? What we have? I asked you to live with me. I changed my entire life to be with you. What is there to doubt?”

“Your reasons. Your motives.”

“My reasons for wanting you with me are I want you with me. What more do you need to know? You want words? They can be changed and manipulated and misconstrued. But my actions—they speak everything that you need to know.”

His words were calm and soothing and, at another time, would have melted me. There were many actions he’d shown that backed up what he was saying. Too many to do an inventory of in the space of a few seconds.

But there were other actions—the ones that were ambiguous and hard-to-interpret. Lunch meetings with Norma Anders. Purchasing the club for me before he’d even known me. And there was the video.

I wrapped my arms around myself, suddenly cold. “If I’m going by your actions, then right now what I know is that I’ve been lied to.”

He took a swallow of his drink, his jaw moving the liquid around his mouth before he swallowed. “What are you talking about?”

I straightened my back for the moment of confrontation. “I saw it, Hudson. I saw the video.”

“What vid—”

I punched my fist onto the dining room table. “Don’t even fucking pretend you don’t know what video I’m referring to, because after everything we’ve been through, I don’t deserve the runaround.”

His eyes were locked on mine, so I saw the brief flare of panic.

And then I saw the moment he resumed control.

“Okay. I won’t run you around then.” He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Where did you get it? Stacy?”

Where did I get it? “Does it matter?”

“I suppose not.” His tone was straight.

My gut clenched. I’d expected immediate denial or reassurance that it wasn’t what it looked like. I’d expected answers. Not this. Not complete indifference.

“You were kissing Celia.”

“I saw.”

“Do you want to explain?”

“Does it matter?” He threw back my own words at me.

“Yes!” My composure was gone. Only he could fix me and he wasn’t even trying.

He moved back to the bar and refilled his drink. “It was before I met you, Alayna. I haven’t asked you to explain your actions before we met. I shouldn’t be expected to either.”

I gaped for a moment while he threw back his liquor. Of all the responses I’d imagined he’d give, downplaying wasn’t one of them.

“But this is different,” I finally managed. “Because you’ve already offered an explanation. You said there was never anything between you and Celia.”

“There wasn’t.”

“I’m supposed to believe that after seeing what I saw?”

“Looks can be deceiving.” His voice was a low rumble. The only indicator of emotion since I’d brought up the video.

It incited me. “That’s all you got?”

“You’ve told me there’s nothing between you and David, yet there’s been many a time that it has looked like there was.”

“It only looked that way because you were paranoid and jealous. You never saw me lip-locked with him. Believe me, seeing it is worse than you can imagine.”

He placed his fingertips on the back of a chair and leaned toward me. “I’m sure if I went and looked at old security tapes I might see exactly that.”

His words were cold and harsh and spiteful. It was times like these that Hudson’s gift to manipulate showed itself. It was frustrating and unfair how he could mold a situation to his favor, but I understood that it was a part of him. He wasn’t trying to play me.

Knowing that didn’t make it any easier to deal with. “Yes. Once upon a time I was with David. I’ve told you that.”

“After you let it slip and I figured it out.”

“Jesus! Will I always have to pay for that mistake?” He didn’t answer, but I didn’t give him time. “Okay, I wasn’t forthcoming. I kept things from you. But only because I didn’t want to hurt you, and I admitted it when you confronted me. But this—you outright lied about this, Hudson. You told me there was nothing to see on Stacy’s video. You told me I didn’t need to go looking.”

“And you went looking anyway.”

“No. I didn’t. I stayed away. Until I found out that you were deliberately trying to hide it from me—yes, Stacy told me you’d asked her for it. Was I supposed to keep trusting you then?”

He shrugged it away. “I didn’t know what she had. I asked because I was curious. I wasn’t deliberately hiding anything.”

“You were deliberately hiding a whole fucking relationship with someone who you swore was never anything but a friend! And even now that I’ve figured out you and Celia were together, even now that I have proof, you still can’t admit it.” My eyes stung and my hands shook from the surge of frustration running through me.

Hudson pinned his eyes to mine. “I’m not admitting anything,” he hissed. “You haven’t figured out anything, Alayna.”

“Then clear things up for me. Tell me what I can’t seem to understand. What’s going on in that video?”

“Nothing,” he spit out. “Nothing’s going on.”

“Hudson!” My voice caught on the lump in my throat, but I kept on. “You’re kissing her. Kissing her deeply. Passionately. Oh yes, I watched it several times, I could reenact the whole thing for you by now if you wanted.”

Shaking his head, he started for the living room.

I was on his heels. “Not to mention that you were supposed to be meeting Stacy right then. And it didn’t escape me on what night this whole thing took place.”

He spun toward me. “Meeting Stacy? Is that what she told you? What else did she say?”

If he could withhold information, so could I. “That really doesn’t have any bearing on this conversation.”

“Well, as far as I’m concerned, this conversation is over.” He headed for the library.

I stood stunned for a beat before following after. “It is not. I have questions and you’ve given me zero answers.”

“I have no answers to give you. This subject is closed.”

His dismissal infuriated me, and more, it left me feeling helpless. “Are you kidding me? You’re not going to talk about this?”

“No, I’m not.” He sat at his desk, reinforcing his refusal to speak further on the matter.

“Hudson, this is so not fair.” I moved around to his side of the desk, not wanting this physical barrier between us. “We’ve said we needed to be honest with each other—that we needed to form a relationship built on trust. We agreed to be open. But you’re hiding something with this. You lied! And not talking about it? How are we supposed to move forward when you’re keeping such a big secret?”

He flew up from his chair and grabbed my arm with a tight grip. “Have I done anything to betray your trust before this?”

I was too surprised to try to pull away. “You went behind my back to transfer David…”

He yanked me closer to him. “That was for us.” His eyes widened as he emphasized the last two words. “Have I done anything that makes you think I don’t have our relationship’s best interests in mind? Have I done anything to make you believe that I don’t want to be with you? That I don’t…” His voice cracked and he swallowed before continuing. “That I don’t care…for you with everything I have?”

I shook my head, unable to speak.

He relaxed his grasp on me, but didn’t let go. “Everything I’ve done since we’ve been together has been for you and me. Trust me when I tell you this isn’t important.” With his free hand, he brushed my hair off my shoulder. “This doesn’t affect us.”

“How can it not affect us? This was the night of the Stern Symposium. The night you said you first saw me.”

“Yes, it was the night I first saw you.” His voice was softer. Soothing as he cupped my neck. “But this was before that. Separate. You need to forget about this.”

Separate. I held onto that word, absorbing it, searching for its meaning. But how could it be separate? It was the same night.

Looking into his eyes didn’t clear up anything either. All I saw there was him pleading and begging to lay this video to rest.

But that wasn’t the person that I was. He’d told me once that he would always be manipulative and domineering, even when he wasn’t playing games. It was who he was.

Me, I would always be obsessive. I’d always question. Even when I was healthy. Asking to forget about this was defying my nature.

I swallowed. “What if I can’t let it go?”

His expression filled with disappointment. “Then it means you don’t trust me.” He let me go, straightening his back. “And I don’t know how we can continue on with our relationship without trust.”

My knees buckled and I put my hand out on his desk to steady myself. “Are you saying that I have to choose? Trust you about this or we’re over?”

“Of course not.” His confidence was missing from his words. “But I have nothing else that I can say. Whether you can live with that or not is the choice you have to make.”

I brushed my fingertips across my eyebrows and down my face. The situation felt so surreal, it was almost as if I had to be sure I was still physically there. How had I gone from a question about Hudson’s past to an ultimatum about our future?

And even if I could bring myself to live with his terms, what kind of a future could we possibly have?

I shook my head. “That’s a trap, Hudson. How could anyone live with that? How can we ever move forward when everywhere I turn there’s a wall?”

“There are no walls.” His jaw tensed and his voice tightened. “I’m here with you. I share everything with you.”

“Except your past.”

“Except this one thing in my past.”

“No. There’s more.” My throat and eyes burned. “It’s not just the video, Hudson. It’s your secrets, the things you can’t say. You can’t tell me what that night was about. You can’t tell me how you feel about me. You can’t tell me what the true nature of your relationship is with Celia, with Norma—even with Sophia!”

“Jesus Christ, Alayna. I’ve told you exactly the true nature of my relationships and you—” he pointed a finger into his desk for emphasis, “refuse to believe what I’ve said.”

“Because there’s proof over and over again that says otherwise.” I slammed my hand against my thigh each time I said over. “And if I’m missing the whole picture, than maybe you should stop leaving all the vital parts out.”

He closed his eyes briefly. Then he stepped closer to grasp my forearms. “Nothing of what I’ve kept from you is vital to our relationship.” His voice was low and sincere. “It has nothing to do with us.”

I threw my arms in the air. “It does! It has everything to do with us.”

Hudson slammed past me to the other side of his desk, but he didn’t go far. He rocked on his feet, his back to me, and I felt he was deciding. Deciding what, I didn’t know.

I circled after him until I was within an arm’s length. I could reach out to touch him with my hands, but I kept them at my side. “Don’t you see, Hudson? I want to know everything about you. I want to be everything with you. How can I when you don’t let me in?”

“I’ve let you in further than any other human being I’ve known. You know things about me that I never planned to share with anyone.” He turned his head to look at me. “Doesn’t that count for something?”

“It does.” I reached out to caress his cheek and he moved the rest of the way to face me. “It counts for so much. But see,” I dropped my hand to my side, “that’s where we’re stuck. Because you’re asking me to give up so much of who I am in order for you to keep your secrets, and that will tear me apart. I can’t do it. I can’t function. I obsess, Hudson. I’ve never kept that from you. Now, I’ve had a history of obsessing over things that weren’t valid, but this time, it’s not in my head. There are real things you’re hiding and can you not see how I’m going crazy over it? Everything you fixed about me is unraveling and I don’t know what to do.” I took a deep breath. “And I’m not even sure you care.”

“I care, Alayna.” He brushed a tear off my cheek—funny, I hadn’t even noticed I was crying. “I care more than I can stand it, and I will do anything to make this better.”

He braced his hand behind my neck and leaned his forehead against mine. It would be so easy—so easy to lean up and let him kiss away my pain and insecurity. His lips on mine could erase all darkness, could soothe any pain. Until that afternoon, I’d believed that like some people believed in their religion—Hudson could fix me, every time.

Except this time he was the problem.

And it wasn’t his touch that would fix me. It was words. Words he wasn’t willing to give. “Then tell me what I need to know,” I whispered.

He straightened and took a step away from me. “No. I won’t.”

He turned away, heading back toward the living room.

Once again, I chased after him. “Were you together? Did you fuck her? Did you fuck her that night? The night you met me?”

He paced the room. “No. No. No. And no. I’ve told you this before and if those words aren’t enough, why should I believe that any others would be any different?”

“Because those words aren’t the words I need. I don’t need denials. I need truths. What happened, Hudson? What is she to you?”

“Alayna, leave it alone.”

“I can’t!”

He stopped suddenly. After a beat, he said, “Then I need to leave.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” I swallowed. “Like leave to cool down?”

He shook his head. “It means that we need to take some time apart.”

“What? No!” I’d thought my heart had hit rock bottom before. Apparently there was a whole chasm left for it to fall into—a chasm so dark that it obliterated my previous notion of darkness. And the cold and the ache of that place made every pain I’d ever felt pale in comparison. The death of my parents, my journey from crazy to sanity, even the betrayal from Hudson when he didn’t choose me over Celia—those were flesh wounds next to this.

“It’s for the best,” he said as he retrieved his jacket from across the back of the couch.

It seemed I needed to say something—anything—to make him stay. But I couldn’t figure out what that would be. All I could hear were his words repeating over in my head—time apart. Because why? Because I’d needed him to be honest?

This couldn’t be happening. “You tell me you care about me more than you can stand and now you want to break up with me?”

He glanced over at me, his eyes filled with sadness. “No, not break up, precious. Just take some time apart. Time to figure out how we want to deal with this.”

His words were compassionate and sweet, but they weren’t enough to mollify my hurt and anger. “You mean time for me to get my shit together.”

“Both of us, Alayna.”

I swiped the tears from my face with the back of my hand. “I don’t know where you get your definitions, but that sure sounds like breaking up to me.”

“If that’s what you want to call it.”

“I don’t want to call it anything. I don’t want it to happen!”

“I hope it will be temporary.” He swept past me, careful not to touch me as he did. He grabbed his briefcase from the hall then patted his pockets, apparently satisfied that he had what he needed.

Oh my god. He was really leaving. Really, really leaving. “Hudson!”

When he turned to me, I rushed to him. “Don’t go. Please don’t go.” I clutched at him.

His body remained cold and impassive, his eyes not meeting mine. “I’m doing this for you, Alayna. For both of us.” His words were warm, though he still wouldn’t look at me or touch me. “I can’t bear that I’m hurting you, and it will destroy me if I lose you. But there are some things that I can never tell you. And now we’re at an impasse, as you said. Because you say you can’t go on not knowing and I can’t go on without your trust.”

“I do trust you. I’ll learn to live with this if I have to. I’ll figure it out. I just can’t lose you!” I was desperate, making promises there was no way I could keep.

Finally, he connected his eyes with mine. “You’re not losing me. We’re simply stepping away. Maybe I can…”

He trailed off and I grasped onto whatever alternative he might be offering. “Maybe you can…what?”

But he had none to offer. “I don’t know. I need time.” Gently, he unwrapped my fingers from his clothing and pushed me away.

“But where are you going? This is your home.”

“It’s your home too. I’ll stay at the loft.”

Without looking at me, he stepped toward the elevator.

“Hudson! Don’t do this. Don’t leave.”

He reached out as if he were going to touch me then pulled his hand back. “This isn’t forever, precious. But I can’t watch you like this.”

“Like, what? Like crazy?” While I’d always feared that Hudson wouldn’t be able to take me at my worst, I’d begun to think he’d be with me always. Like he promised so many times.

I’d been wrong. Again. “Yeah, I’m crazy. This is who I really am, Hudson. You see it now. Here I am, exposed. It always scares people away, but I never thought it would scare you. Yet here you are running. No wonder you think I can’t handle your secrets. Because you probably think I’d react just like you are now. But I’m not a coward, Hudson. I can take it. I won’t run from you.”

His face fell. “I’m not running from you, Alayna. I’m saving you.”

“From what?”

“From me!” We stood in silence as his exclamation rung through the foyer. Then he hit the elevator button. “I’ll talk to you later. Tomorrow, maybe.”

“Hudson!”

“I…I can’t, Alayna.”

He stepped inside the elevator, his focus fastened to the floor as the doors closed.

Then he was gone.





Chapter Thirteen





After Hudson left, I cried so long and so hard that it seemed like I should have passed out from exhaustion. But I didn’t. I tried curling up in bed, but it felt too big. And no matter how many blankets I had, I felt cold. Eventually, I wandered out to the library where I had a few more shots of tequila to warm up and turned on a movie from my AFI’s Greatest Films collection. I chose Titanic. I was already heartbroken, after all—might as well wallow in it.

Sometime before the ship sunk, I passed out on the couch. I woke the next day with swollen eyes and a splitting headache. My first thought was that I needed caffeine. But there was no smell of brewing coffee in the penthouse, and that’s when I remembered that Hudson wasn’t there. Every day before he left for work, he set the Keurig to brew for me. This simple missing gesture threatened to start a new round of tears.

But maybe he’d called.

I fumbled around for my phone and found it buried in the cushions. Fuck. It was dead. I’d been too consumed with grief to charge it for the night. After setting it up at the library charging station, I made my own coffee and found some Ibuprofen in the bathroom cabinet.

I showered then, hoping the warm water would relieve the swelling of my eyes. Perhaps it did, but I didn’t feel any better. Afterward, I stood with a towel wrapped around myself and stared into the steam-clouded mirror. This was what it was like to see Hudson now—through this fog, knowing that something more lay underneath. If only it were as simple as stretching my hand out and wiping away the condensation to see the man beneath. If only he’d let me in, maybe it would be that easy. Maybe then my touch could finally bring him into focus.

But it wasn’t that simple. Instead, all I could hope for was a message or a missed call. I dressed and settled back on the couch to power up my cell.

There was nothing.

So I sent one to him: Come home.

When I didn’t have a response after five minutes, I considered sending another. He was at work. I shouldn’t bother him. But I was supposed to be important. If he still cared at all, he’d answer me.

I battled with myself over it. In my past, obsessive texting and calling had been my biggest weakness. For more than a year after I started therapy, I didn’t even allow myself to have a phone. The temptation was too great. In the height of my obsessing, I could fill a voicemail box within an hour. Paul Kresh had to change his number after I texted him nonstop for three days straight.

Even with Hudson, I carefully weighed each message I sent him. I didn’t send everything I was thinking. It was hard, but I had managed to stay in control.

Today, I didn’t give a fuck about control.

I typed a new message: Are you going to avoid me now?

Five minutes later, I sent again: The least you can do is talk to me.

I sent several more, delaying each by a span of three to five minutes:

You said I was everything to you.

Talk to me.

I won’t ask about it if you don’t want to.

This isn’t fair. Shouldn’t I be the one who’s mad?

I was about to start another when my phone vibrated in my hand with a received text. It was from him: I’m not mad. I’m not avoiding you. I don’t know what to say.

Hudson at a loss for words was the craziest thing I’d heard in the last two days. He always knew what to say, always knew what to do. If our separation had him so out of character, why were we apart?

My fingers could barely enter a response fast enough. Don’t say anything. Just come home.

I can’t. Not yet. We need time.

I had hoped the new morning would bring clarity. But I still wasn’t even sure what I was supposed to be doing with the time that he insisted we needed. I don’t need time. I need you.

We’ll talk later.

You don’t understand. I have to talk now. I’ll keep texting you. I can’t help myself.

And I’ll read every one.

I almost smiled at his last message. After all the years of being ignored and called crazy, Hudson embraced my whacked out tendencies.

But one sweet little text wasn’t enough to erase the hollow ache in my chest. I started to type out another message.

Then I stopped myself.

What the hell was I doing? Never mind old habits and what was healthy and what wasn’t—why was I chasing after this man so desperately when he’d already clearly indicated it would have no effect on him? Besides, he’d said over and over that he liked my obsessing over him. It made him feel loved.

Well, fuck that.

If Hudson wanted to feel loved, he could come home and work things out. Yes, we had troubled pasts and were inexperienced with relationships. Still, sooner or later we had to grow up and take responsibility for our actions. More than anything in the world, I wanted to do that with Hudson. But if he wasn’t ready, it didn’t matter how much I loved him. I couldn’t be the only one fighting. He had to fight too.

In one of the strongest moments of my adult life, I set down my phone and walked away.

Since I wasn’t insane enough to believe my strength would last, I decided to get out of the house. And I needed a run.

I called Jordan. “Hey, you’re a runner right?”

“Ms. Withers?”

“You were Special Ops. You had to stay in shape for that, right?” The idea had crossed my mind before, but since Hudson had been so opposed, I’d never pursued it. But now Hudson wasn’t around. “And I imagine that makes you a fairly good runner.”

“Yes, I suppose so.”

“Good. I want to go for a run and Hudson won’t let me go without a bodyguard. I’ll be ready in fifteen.”

He hesitated for only half a beat. “Be there in ten, Ms. Withers.”

“Thank you.” It had been surprisingly easier than I’d expected. Might as well see what else I could get. “And, oh my god, Jordan, please call me Laynie. Please, please, please. I know you’re not supposed to, but I don’t care about Hudson’s stupid rules. I’m having a bad day and I could use a friend. Even if you aren’t really my friend, pretend. Please.”

“You should know me well enough to know that I’m not much good at pretending.” The phone jostled as if he were getting ready while he talked to me. “But I am an excellent runner. Be ready to have your ass handed to you. Laynie.”

I was almost grinning when I met him in the lobby. This was new for me—life actually going on in the midst of heartache. Who knew it was possible?





True to his word, Jordan handed me my ass on our run. The six miles we did around Central Park barely seemed to faze him, while I nearly had to be carried back to the penthouse. The physical discomfort was welcomed—it matched my sullen mood. The adrenaline and endorphin rush did little to improve my spirits, but it did make the act of living seem just a bit more bearable.

Back at the penthouse, I showered and got dressed. Then I did go to my phone. I scrolled through my texts looking for another from Hudson. The disappointment at finding none was hard to swallow. Even though he’d said he wouldn’t respond, I had hoped. Wasn’t it just the morning before that he’d said I was the center of his world? Was there any way he could still mean it?

I couldn’t think about the answer. The evidence wasn’t in my favor and it hurt too much to face.

Needing another distraction from reaching out to Hudson, I called Brian. We chatted for over an hour—a record for us. After that, I called Liesl. We were both working that night, which provided a perfect excuse for shopping and dinner beforehand. My heart wasn’t in it, but I could fake it with the best of them. And being with Liesl helped keep the tears at bay.

It had already been a full day by the time Jordan dropped us off at The Sky Launch. “My shift’s over, Laynie,” Jordan said as he shut the car door behind me. “Reynold’s waiting for you up there.”

Sure enough, I spotted Reynold by the club’s employee entrance.

Though I’d never done it before, I felt the urge to hug Jordan. So I did. “Thank you,” I said, my throat tightening. “I needed you and you were there.”

Jordan looked at me compassionately. “It’s not my place, but you should know—Mr. Pierce is a complicated man.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know.” I wasn’t interested in anyone defending Hudson at the moment.

Jordan continued anyway. “But no matter how complex the situation may be, it’s easy to see how he feels about you.”

I stuck my chin out, defiantly. “Is it?” I’d thought it was, but now all bets were off.

My driver patted my upper arm. “Perhaps not to you. But to me, it’s obvious. I pray that he’ll figure out how to show you before you’re gone for good.”

I watched Jordan as he got in the car and drove away.

Me, gone for good? It had been Hudson who’d left. Hudson who’d broken the promise he’d made to stand by my side through everything. Hudson who’d dropped not so subtle hints at a long-lasting future and yet he was now nowhere by my side.

With a sinking horror, I feared that Jordan was right—Hudson’s feelings for me were obvious. Obviously gone.

I bit my lip to curtail any crying that latest thought might bring on.

Liesl wrapped her arm around mine and directed me toward the door. “Do you get sick of the bodyguard stuff?” She was excellent at deflecting. “I mean, I wouldn’t get sick of that Jordan dude—he’s hot.”

“And gay.”

“Figures. But maybe he’s also experimental.”

I laughed. “Not likely.” My laughter quickly faded into a frown—it felt too strange to be amused when my heart was so heavy. “I don’t usually mind having bodyguards around, though I do like my independence. And I don’t really get why I need to have someone here while I’m at the club.” An idea surfaced. “In fact—”

We’d reached Reynold by then. “Hey, stranger,” I said in greeting. “Guess what. I’m giving you the night off.”

He chuckled.

“I’m serious. Hudson is probably the only one who has the power to give you the night off, but here’s the thing—Hudson’s not around. And I’ll be here at the club all night. We have security guards on staff and bouncers. I’m going to be fine.”

I couldn’t say why it was so important for me to send Reynold away, but it suddenly was. Perhaps it was an act of defiance. If Hudson wasn’t willing to give in our relationship, then I wasn’t willing either. Or not as willing as I had been, anyway. I was too pissed. Wasn’t that a phase of grief?

Besides, I felt strong. I didn’t need someone following me around. And Celia hadn’t been around in several days—maybe she was bored with the game.

“So I’ll see you when I’m off later. Okay?”

Reynold seemed dumbfounded. “Uh, sure. At three. I’ll, uh, be here at three.”

“Awesome.”

The victory with Reynold bolstered me. I hadn’t known how I’d be able to get through the night at work. Now I thought I might actually be able to do it. I hadn’t forgotten my pain—more thoughts than not had been filled with Hudson—but the misery was almost tolerable.

The time with Liesl had been the most helpful. We hadn’t seen much of each other recently, and there was a lot to catch up on. I told her everything that had been going on, including Celia’s stalking and Hudson’s secretive behavior. It was depressing but also therapeutic.

“Maybe Hudson is really, like, a CIA guy,” Liesl said as I handed her a cash drawer for the bar. “And Celia’s his partner. And he’s abandoned his mission—defected, or whatever they call that, and she’s trying to reel him back in.”

Her crazy ideas were almost entertaining. “That one’s definitely it.”

She nudged me aside with her hip to take her place in front of the register. “I wish you’d be serious about this. I know I’m right.”

I forced a smile. “Excuse me for being—what do they call it? Oh, yeah—based in reality.”

Liesl ran a hand through her purple tresses and laughed. “Reality is so overrated.”

“Isn’t it?”

We got lost in the hustle and bustle of the night after that. David had trained with Gwen the night before, but it was the first shift that I really got to see her in action. She’d worked enough now that she knew what she was doing. I watched her as she managed the upper floor, keeping on top of change orders and unruly customers, not once missing a beat. She was good, and I’d never felt better about my decision to hire her. Especially now that my whole future at The Sky Launch felt in limbo.

With a shudder, I swallowed the sob forming in my throat. I couldn’t think about that. Not here. Not now. In perhaps the same delusional manner I’d used in my days of Paul Kresh or David Lindt, I focused on convincing myself that Hudson and I were fine. This was just a blip. We’d recover and life would go on together.

Somehow it had been easier in the past. I hoped that said more about the current state of my mental health and less about my future with Hudson.

It was still early in the night, only a little past eleven, when I saw Celia.

I’d just come down from the upstairs to check in with the bartenders on the main floor. They were busy but not slammed. I slid behind the bar where Liesl was working and scanned the club, not looking for anything in particular—just getting a general sense of the scene.

The center of the club was surrounded by bunches of seating areas. They usually filled early in the evening. They were the best tables to get since they were right off the dance floor. She was the only one at her table, which was odd for a Saturday night, and that drew my attention. No one sat alone at The Sky Launch.

But there Celia was—alone, wearing tight jeans and a tight tank, her hair down around her shoulders. It was so uncharacteristic of her usual prim and proper look that I wasn’t sure it was her. Then she caught my stare, and the wicked grin she gave me confirmed it.

I grabbed Liesl’s forearm. “Oh my god.”

“What? What is it? Did I fuck up the last order?” Her eyes were wide and alarmed.

“No. She’s here. Celia!” I nodded toward the woman who still had her eyes locked on mine.

Liesl followed my gaze. “The stalker chick? Should I kick her ass?”

“No.” Though the thought of the tall Amazon at my side kicking the ass of my now arch-nemesis was pretty entertaining.

Liesl squinted as she continued to study Celia. “No offense, but she’s a knockout. Not like you’re not a knockout, but I’d do her.” She bumped me affectionately with her shoulder. “I’d do you harder, though. Of course.”

“Wow. I can’t believe she actually came here.” Maybe I should call Reynold to come back. I instantly dismissed the idea. With everyone around, what could she do to me? Even her constant watch was nothing more than annoying.

Rows of goose bumps lined my arms despite my attempts to remain nonplussed. Well, I’d made it over three hours at work before having an emotional breakdown. That was something, right?

“What’s going on?” David asked.

I turned to find Gwen and David had joined us. Which meant it was time to get back to the job. “Nothing.” I certainly wasn’t sharing my Celia story with my ex-boyfriend and an employee I barely knew.

Apparently, Liesl felt differently. “That girl over there is Laynie’s crazy stalker.”

“Liesl!” I smacked her shoulder with the back of my hand.

“I’m not going to stand by as the only one who knows about this. You need some backup. What if she does something to you? You know, roofies your drink or something.”

“Right. ‘Cause I’m drinking openly tonight.” She was my closest friend, but sometimes she lacked in the intelligence department.

Gwen raised an eyebrow. “You have a stalker? You’re cooler than I thought.”

I rolled my eyes. “She’s not…it’s not…I don’t even know why she’s…” I let out an exasperated breath. “It’s complicated. I’m going in the back room if you all need me.”

Without looking back, I headed to the employee lounge behind the bar. Seeing Celia had thrown me, and in the shape I was in, that was enough to send me over the edge. I paced the room, trying to get a hold of the composure I’d had earlier in the evening.

Gwen and David followed.

I considered telling them I wanted to be alone. But I wasn’t sure I did.

“Are you okay, Laynie?” David’s voice was tentative and tender.

“No. Yes. I’m fine. I’m just…”I shook my head, unable to finish the thought. My chest was tight and my head felt like it was going to explode.

“Well, tell us something about her. Your stalker.” Gwen genuinely seemed like she wanted to be helpful. “A name. How you know her. Anything.”

“Her name’s Celia Werner.” I was surprised at my willingness to share, yet even more, I needed to talk.

“As in Werner Media?” David kept abreast of the who’s who in the business world. Of course he’d recognize her name.

“That’s the one,” I confirmed.

David stepped closer to me, concern on his face.

“It’s nothing to worry about, David. She’s just not happy about me being with Hudson.”

“Is she the ex?” Gwen asked.

“Yeah.” When I’d said that in therapy, it was because it was easier. Now after the video, it was what I truly believed. “She is.” For the millionth time, my mind went to thoughts of her kissing Hudson. What else had they done? How close had they been? Had he slept with her?

I swallowed the bile that threatened to come up. “So now she’s trying to scare me by showing up where I am. Sending me messages. Stuff like that.”

“Do you want us to kick her out? I can call Sorenson up from the door.” Unlike Hudson, David’s protective mode was subtle, but I recognized it in his face all the same.

“She’s not going to hurt me.”

“Are you sure?” David put a hand on my shoulder.

“No.” I stepped casually out of his grasp. Despite its innocence, his touch felt like a betrayal to Hudson. “But I don’t want her to win.”

“Fair enough.” His body language told me that my brush-off had stung. Another reason it was good he was leaving.

Gwen turned a plastic chair around and straddled it. “It’s creepy how she just stares at you like she does.”

“Isn’t it?” I was still trying to decide how I felt about Gwen knowing about my private life.

“We could spike her drink.”

Now this sounded interesting. “With what?”

“I don’t know. Spit.”

I didn’t laugh, but I managed a genuine smile. Okay, Gwen was officially cool. And maybe I needed more people involved in my life—more than just Hudson and his family. The phone call with Brian, the run with Jordan, the day with Liesl—all of it reminded me that there was a whole world outside the one I’d been living in. A world with friends and interests that I’d forgotten about recently.

Whether or not Hudson and I had a future together, I had a future of my own. I couldn’t ignore the people that belonged in that future anymore and just hope that they’d still be there when I needed them. And Gwen was now a part of The Sky Launch. That made her family. It was time to embrace her as such.

But just because they were family didn’t mean I had to talk about everything with them. And talking wasn’t calming me down anyway.

“You know what? I’m fine,” I lied. “Don’t worry about me. Let’s get back out there where we can at least keep an eye on her.”

With Gwen in the lead, we stepped back into the club, the flashing lights and thumping beat washing over me with a familiar comfort.

I ran into Gwen’s back when she stopped short. “Ah,” she said. “She knows we were talking about her. She’s calling in reinforcements.” She lifted her chin toward Celia. “See?”

I looked toward my stalker and saw she had her cell to her ear.

Just then Liesl walked over to me with the bar phone in her hand, the cord stretched almost to its max distance. “There you are, Laynie, phone call.”

“Oh, shit.” Gwen’s eyes were wide, and I imagined they mirrored my own.

Was Celia calling me?

“Let me take it,” David offered.

“And say what?” I shook my head decisively. “I’ve got it.” What was she going to say to me, anyway?

I took the receiver from Liesl’s hand, my own hand surprisingly steady. “Hello?”

“Alayna, where is your bodyguard?”

The voice on the line shocked me more than if it had been Celia. “Hudson.” I said his name out loud, looking around at my coworkers so they’d know who it was. “Hello to you, too.”

A mixture of disappointment and elation swept over me. I’d almost wanted the call to be from Celia—more and more, I was eager to confront her.

But on the other hand, it was Hudson on the phone. Hudson! I’d longed for his voice all day. I didn’t even care about the circumstances for his call—he’d called, that was the point.

“Ah, it’s not even her,” Gwen said. “That was some mind fuck.”

David agreed. “I think she must have been checking messages. I never saw her mouth move.”

I looked back at Celia, who was, sure enough, pocketing her phone.

“Could you answer the question, please?” Hudson’s voice in my ear drew my attention back to him.

It took me a second to remember what he’d asked—oh, about my bodyguard. As glad as I was to hear from him, I wasn’t about to make things easy. “Why do you care?”

“Goddammit, Alayna!”

His voice was so loud that I had to lean my ear away from the receiver. Well, what had I expected? That Reynold wouldn’t tell him? “I sent him home. I figured I didn’t really need him at the club.”

“How’s that working out for you?” His sarcasm was lined with frustration.

“I’m fine! With the security guards and cameras and the bouncers…” It took a second for me to realize what his statement meant. “How do you know she’s here?”

“Because I’m outside.”

“You’re outside? Why are you outside?” My heart sped up. He hadn’t just called, he was here. I covered the mouthpiece with my hand. “Liesl, hurry, grab the cordless.”

Hudson continued. “Thank god your bodyguard works for me and not for you. You don’t have the authority to send him home.”

Don’t have the authority…? “Jesus Christ.”

“And when he noticed Celia…”

Liesl handed me the cordless. “Thank you,” I whispered.

“Alayna, are you listening to me?”

“Yes. I’m working here too, you know.” I punched the talk button on the cordless and handed the other phone to Liesl. “Go on.” Then, I bee-lined for the front of the club. If Hudson was there, I wanted to see him, wanted to see the look in his eyes and in his face. See if I could read the emotion that I needed to see from him.

“When he saw Celia entering The Sky Launch, he contacted me, as he’s supposed to do, and asked me if he should go in as well since you didn’t want him on the premises. I told him yes. So Reynold will be there whether you want him to be or not.”

“Fine.” I didn’t really care anymore. “Send him on in.”

“I already did.”

“Of course you did.” I was almost at the bottom of the ramp now. The club was picking up for the night, and I was fighting against traffic. “But why are you here? You could have arranged all that over the phone.” Had he wanted to see me as much as I wanted to see him?

He paused. “I wanted to be sure you were okay.” His tone was softer. It tugged at my chest.

“I’m okay.” Well, since Hudson was still sleeping in another apartment, maybe that wasn’t the right word. “I’m safe, anyway.”

“Good.” He cleared his throat. “Then I’ll talk to you later.”

“Hudson, wait!” I was at the front door now, the night air cool compared to the warmth of the club. Not wanting to be seen, I stayed tucked behind the doorman.

“What is it, Alayna?”

I scanned the circle drive in front of the club. There he was standing next to his Mercedes, the emergency lights flashing as he paced the sidewalk next to the car. He was in another three-piece suit. It was late, why was he still dressed for work? And had he really driven all the way out to the club just to leave without seeing me face-to-face?

My next words bubbled with the hurt I’d carried all day. “Is that all you have to say to me?”

“Right now, yes.” He shoved his hand through his hair. “You’re protected. That’s what’s important right now.”

He’d been concerned—that much was obvious. His hair was tussled as if he’d ran his hand through it more than just the one time, and his agitation was present in his stride.

It wasn’t enough. If he really cared, I’d be in his arms. He’d have come in and found me instead of the other way around. “Have you considered that if you just told Celia that you’d left me that she’d probably drop this whole thing?”

He shook his head, even though he had no idea I could see him. “I didn’t leave you.”

“It sure feels like you did.”

He leaned his hand on the top of his car and looked toward the club entrance. “Is that what you want?”

“No!” Never. “No. I just want the truth. That’s all.” The doorman shifted, and my cover was blown. Hudson’s eyes met mine.

We stared at each other, locked in our gaze, for several long moments. Even across the hundred feet of sidewalk, there was a current between us. An electric spark that ignited from so much more than chemistry or lust. It was an emotional charge that surged right from the heart of me. We were connected, so completely, that for the first time since he’d walked out of the penthouse the night before, I felt a flash of hope.

He broke the gaze first. He looked to the passenger window of the car, as if someone were inside, talking to him through the glass.

I stepped forward, squinting to see. “Oh my god, are you…?” My stomach fell. “Hudson, are you with Norma?”

Hudson threw his hands in the air. “Not now, Alayna.”

I started toward him. “Are you fucking kidding me? One day gone and you’re out with her?”

He circled around to the driver’s side of the car. “It’s for business!” The door slammed.

I picked up my pace, even knowing he’d be gone by the time I reached the curb. “At this time of night?” In a suit, by themselves. How fucking stupid did he think I was?

“It’s…I can’t get into this right now.” He pulled out onto the road. “Why can’t you ever just trust me?”

“Because you can never tell me the truth!” I watched the taillights of the car as they mixed in with the rest of the traffic. It was comical, really, to ask for his trust when I’d just witnessed him on what could be described no other way but as a date.

“I have to go. I can’t talk to you while I’m driving.”

I could hear Norma’s voice in the background. I wanted his attention on me, not her. “Wait, don’t—”

“Goodbye, Alayna.”

“—hang up.” The dial tone replaced his voice. “Dammit!” I screamed and threw the phone down on the sidewalk. Hard. It shattered into pieces. Seemed fitting, considering that’s how I felt inside.

“Laynie, are you okay?” David’s voice was neither surprising nor comforting. Of course he’d come after me. It was a nice gesture—I just wished he were somebody else.

“Yeah.” Total lie. My entire body felt weak. Like I could just fall over there on the sidewalk, unable to walk or even crawl back to the club.

But I was strong. I could ignore the fact that I had died inside until I was alone at home. “Yeah, I’m fine,” I said again. “I broke the phone.” I bent down to collect the pieces off the sidewalk.

David squatted next to me to help. “It’s technically Pierce’s phone.”

“Well, that makes me feel better.” Marginally. “Funny, this is the second phone I’ve destroyed on account of that man.”

“Maybe that means something.”

“Maybe.” I knew what David wanted it to mean. I didn’t want to think about what it could mean for me.

When we’d gathered all the parts, David stood and held his hand out to help me stand. Reluctantly, I took it. He didn’t let go right away, though. Worse, I didn’t pull away.

David studied me with soft eyes. “I’m not going to ask because I know what you’ll say. I’m just going to do.”

“What?” Next thing I knew, I’d been pulled into his embrace. “Oh.”

“It seemed like you could use a hug.”

I hesitated for only a second. Then I gave in. For me, it was comfort from a friend, comfort that I needed. He may have taken it as more, but in that moment, my need outweighed his.

Except then he pulled me in tighter. And his arms felt strange and his scent was wrong. As gently as I could, I began to push away. “I think I better…”

David released me, his eyes pinned on the club door behind us. “Hey, look. She’s leaving.”

I turned to look. Celia was indeed leaving. She’d seen our hug, I was sure. It didn’t matter. Even if she told Hudson, he’d been out with Norma Anders. I was certain his trumped mine in terms of disappointing a lover.

David’s smile grew tight. “Man, I don’t know anything about her, but that smile was wicked. What a bitch.”

The pain and hurt of the past twenty-four hours subsided then, leaving in its wake a tidal wave of rage. I was angry, so angry. While a lot of my wrath was meant for Hudson, the greatest portion belonged to Celia. Without her, Hudson and I might be able to work through our differences. But how could we when she was always around, reminding us of our pasts, stirring up our distrust?

My hands balled into fists. “You know what? This is ridiculous. I’m confronting her.”

“Laynie, I’m not so sure you should.” But that was the extent to which David tried to stop me.

I’d covered more than half the distance between me and Celia when a figure stepped from out of the club and blocked my progression.

“Ms. Withers.” Reynold put a gentle but firm hand up to stop me from proceeding. “Not a good idea.”

He was right. As worked up as I was, I probably would have punched her. And though it would have felt good, it would be me with the restraining order then, not Celia.

Still, I had to wonder what my bodyguard’s orders had been. Did Hudson mean to keep me from trouble, or was he worried if I talked to his ex that I’d learn things he didn’t want me to know? “One question, Reynold. Are you protecting me from her? Or protecting her from me?”

“I don’t catch your drift.”

And even if he did, he likely wouldn’t answer honestly. “Never mind.”

By then, Celia had made it to the curb and was hailing a cab. Determined to not let her get away without some victory chalked in my square, I approached our doorman. “You see that woman? She’s not to be let back in here. Permanently banned.”

The doorman nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”

“I’ll hang her picture in the back room.” I’d print something off the Internet. Maybe it wasn’t a good move to let her know that she’d gotten to me, but honestly, I didn’t care about her game. I simply wanted my life back. Kicking her out of my club was a good first step.





It was just past three when I crawled into bed. Though it still felt too big and lonely, I was pretty sure I was exhausted enough to sleep. It was worth a try anyway.

Even with my determination, I was still tossing and turning when four a.m. rolled around. My insomnia turned out to be a blessing. Otherwise, I may have missed his call.

“Alayna. I need you.” The ache in Hudson’s voice was new to me.

I sat up with a bolt. “What is it?”

“Mira. At the hospital.” He couldn’t even speak in full sentences. “The baby…”

I was throwing on my yoga pants and a t-shirt before he finished. “I’ll be right there.”

“Jordan’s already on his way to get you.”





Chapter Fourteen





Hudson was waiting for me outside the emergency room when Jordan dropped me off at the hospital. He’d obviously dressed in a hurry as well. He was wearing jeans and a wrinkled polo I didn’t recognize.

Though he didn’t smile, his eyes seemed to light up at the sight of me. “She’s not in the ER anymore, but this is the only entrance open at this time of the morning.” He was already heading toward the elevator.

I trotted to catch up. “Have you seen her? What’s going on exactly?”

“All I know is that she’s having contractions. Adam called as they were checking in and he texted me when they were moved to the OB ward.” He pushed the up button on the call panel. “I didn’t want to see her without you.”

I reached out and grabbed his hand. He took it without hesitation.

He let go though, when the elevator arrived, gesturing for me to go in first. He followed and hit the floor button, then stuffed both hands in his pockets. He glanced at me sideways, and I felt his ache to touch me. It echoed my own yearning. Still, he didn’t reach for me again.

The elevator began moving. “Alayna, about Norma…”

I shook my head. “You don’t have to do this now.” Didn’t he know that I didn’t care at the moment? In the past few weeks, I’d grown to love Mira too. If anything happened to her or her baby…

But Hudson went on. “I need you to know—this business deal.” He ran a hand through his hair. “It’s very important and I’ve had to be sneaky about the whole thing. Tonight was about that. Norma was able to arrange what looked like a chance meeting with the sellers at a charity gala. When Reynold called and said that you sent him away and that Celia was at the club...” He trailed off and I knew he was imagining the worst. “I didn’t even think to arrange a ride home for Norma. I simply grabbed her and we left.”

A pang of guilt burrowed through my gut. “Is the deal ruined?”

“No. And it wouldn’t matter if it was.” He turned to me and brushed his thumb across my cheek. “You’re safe, precious. That’s all I care about.”

I closed my eyes, savoring his caress.

Then the door opened, and his hand fell to his side.

We followed the signs pointing to OB, eventually reaching a set of doors that required us to buzz to get in. “Will they let us in at this time of night?” I asked while we waited for a response.

“It’s my impression that babies are born twenty-four hours a day,” he said. “And we’re on her list.”

Mira was only six months along, though. Hopefully her baby wasn’t coming any time soon.

“May I help you?” a voice said through the intercom.

“We’re here to see Mirabelle Sitkin. Hudson Pierce and Alayna Withers.”

Instead of an answer, the door simply opened automatically.

I smiled lightly. “I guess we’ve been approved.”

Mira’s room was easy to spot because Adam, Jack, Sophia and Chandler were standing in the hall outside. Hudson went straight to Sophia. He put his arm around her and bent to kiss her cheek. “Mother.”

“Thanks for being here, Hudson.” Sophia’s hand was shaking as she hugged her son, and I couldn’t help but wonder if she was emotional about Mira or simply in need of a drink. Either way, she was with it enough to throw a glare in my direction. “You brought her?” Her tone accentuated her disgust.

“Yes, and you’ll not say another word about it.” At least Hudson was still defending me to Sophia. That had to mean something.

Jack gave me a warm smile, reaching out to squeeze my hand. “It’s good to see you, Laynie.”

Neither Sophia’s insult nor Jack’s welcome registered very high on my interest level. I only cared about Mira—my friend.

I peeked around Jack past the open door and found Mira lying in the bed surrounded by two nurses. They looked calm enough. Hopefully that was a sign that things weren’t dreadful.

Hudson wasn’t the type to simply hope. “What’s her status?” he asked Adam.

“She’s fine. Now.” Adam’s expression looked tired and concerned, but his words were only slightly strained. “When we came in she was having contractions every three minutes. But they got her hooked up on an IV, got lots of fluids in her, and everything settled down. She hasn’t had any contractions now for almost forty minutes. Her blood pressure is still a little high, though, so they want to keep her here a bit. Fortunately, they don’t think it’s pre-eclampsia, but they’ll watch her at her visits.”

“We can go back in as soon as the nurses are done,” Jack said.

Chandler nudged Hudson with his elbow. “Mira said Mom and Dad were making her too tense. She sent us here for a timeout.”

The twinkle in Adam’s eye said he had found as much amusement in the statement as Chandler had. “She is a bit feisty at the moment.”

The nurses came out then. One stopped to talk to us, or Adam, rather. “She’s doing better, Dr. Sitkin. I’m sure she’ll be out of here in the next couple of hours. When you go back in, try to keep things light and relaxed.”

“Thanks.” Adam gestured toward the door. “After you, Laynie. I know she’ll be happy to see you here.”

I nodded, surprised and touched that he thought I meant that much to his wife. I made my way inside. Hudson followed close behind me, but not so near that we were touching.

“Mira.” I offered a warm smile.

“Hey! You came!” She tried to reach toward me, but the cuff on her arm kept her trapped.

“Of course we did. Don’t be silly.” I stepped aside for Hudson to slip in, eager for him to get a chance to connect with Mira as well. Hudson was family. I was only the girlfriend. And maybe I wasn’t even that.

“Hudson.” Mira smiled up at her brother. “Thank you for being here.”

He nodded and it struck me that he was too overcome with emotion to speak. I remembered then how hard it was for him to say how he felt—not just with me but with everyone. Mira had once told me Hudson never gave out I love yous. Even to her. But the look in his eyes said he felt it for her in spades.

Was that the way he looked at me? I wanted to say yes, but it was hard to be objective.

Hudson patted his sister’s hand then stepped away, turning his back to her momentarily. He was getting himself together. More than anything I wanted to go to him, to reassure him. But his body language so far had shown he didn’t necessarily want it.

My eyes stung. Again and again he shut me out. Even with something as normal as sharing concern over his sister, he couldn’t let me in. Didn’t he know how much it killed me?

This wasn’t the time to dwell on it. Forcing my smile in place, I stepped near Jack and gave my attention to Mira.

“I have to tell you,” she said to no one in particular, “this whole incident has proven one thing—labor is going to be a bitch. Those contractions hurt like a mother and when they hooked me up to this thing—” She gestured to the monitor. “They barely registered.”

Sophia sat in the armchair next to Mira. “Has this finally changed your mind about taking Lamaze?” Her condescension suggested this had been an ongoing battle.

Mira rolled her eyes. “It’s changed my mind about wanting drugs. I’d like them as soon as I arrive, please.” She hooked eyes with Adam, who had slipped in on the other side of her. “Can you add that to the birthing plan, honey?”

“Add them? I’m demanding them.” He brushed her hair from her forehead. “Sorry, but you’re not a nice person when you’re in pain.”

Mira’s eyes flared. “You keep that up and I’ll exclude you from the birthing room.” Adam hadn’t been kidding when he’d said she was feisty.

Chandler laughed. “I don’t think she’s joking.”

“Do they know what caused this in the first place?” Hudson’s question drew the room’s attention back to him. Though he was engaging now in the conversation, he still wasn’t huddling close like the rest of us.

Mira’s gaze flicked from me to Hudson. “A combination of dehydration and stress. Stress. Do you all hear that?” She narrowed her eyes and scanned the room. “So you two right there—” She gestured to Sophia and Jack. “You need to get your shit together because you are hurting me and my baby.”

Sophia’s mouth tightened, but she refused to look at Jack who stared after her tenderly. Man, he really did love her.

“And you two—” This time Mira pointed to me and then Hudson. “Don’t think I don’t notice how you’re standing apart. And you’re barely looking at each other. I don’t even want to know what the hell is going on with you right now. Go work it out.” The cuff on Mira’s arm began clicking as it tightened around her. She turned her attention to the numbers on the screen next to her.

I froze, not sure if she was actually sending us away or if she meant for us to work things out later.

Chandler seemed to get the sense that she meant now. “Are you kicking out Mom and Dad too?”

“No. Their crap is too messed up to fix on demand. But those two—” She sent us both scathing looks. “You better not be that messed up.”

“Might as well get comfy then.” Chandler settled on the couch and began playing on his phone.

I exchanged glances with Hudson. Shit. He wanted to be with Mira—and she was wrong, our crap was too big to solve quickly.

Hudson stepped toward his sister. “Mirabe—”

“I’m not kidding, Hudson. Leave. I don’t want to see either of you until you’ve got that happy glow again.” The machine next to her flashed a readout. “See? My blood pressure is spiking. Jesus.”

“Mira,” Adam said, “just take deep breaths. Settle down. Stop yelling at everyone.”

“I’m not yelling at everyone. I’m yelling at them!”

Adam turned to me and Hudson, his expression apologetic.

“We’re going.” Hudson gestured for me to proceed in front of him. “But we’ll be back,” he said over his shoulder.

“Happy and glowing,” Mira yelled after us.

We walked in silence toward the waiting room at the end of the hall. With each step, my heart grew heavier. This was wrong. I shouldn’t be there at the hospital. Hudson should. As for working things out, it was going to take him opening up. And he was certainly not ready for that. His attitude to me since we’d arrived proved that.

At the waiting room, Hudson held the door open for me to go in first. It was a small room, completely enclosed with several couches and a counter with coffee supplies. It was empty, thankfully. Babies might be born at all hours, but no one was expecting one at the moment. At least that gave us privacy.

I turned to face Hudson as he shut the door behind him. “I know you want to be in there with your sister. I can leave. Or we can pretend things are all hunky-dory, if you’d rather. I’ll under—”

Hudson cut me off. “Don’t leave.”

His desperation stunned me. Did that mean he did want me there? The man was a bunch of mixed signals. This signal I liked. I’d cling to it, if he’d let me. “Okay. I’ll stay.”

“For Mira.”

My spirits plummeted. “For Mira. Of course.” Not for him. He didn’t want me to stay for him.

All of a sudden, I wasn’t sure if I could do it anymore, if I could remain self-controlled around him. I turned away and made my way to a couch. With shaking knees, I took a seat.

Sitting was better. It made me feel stronger than I was. I thought about the reason we were there—the perky romantic sitting in the room nearby. Her faith and encouragement had been instrumental in reuniting me with Hudson. Even if she couldn’t save us again, I owed her.

I lifted my chin and met Hudson’s eyes. “Then we need to put everything else aside for right now and give Mira our happy face.”

He held my gaze for only a second. “I agree.”

There was plenty of room on the couch by me, but he took a seat in a chair instead. He couldn’t even sit by me. The rejection rippled through me with excruciating pain. Every move he made, everything he said, hurt.

I wanted to do the same to him. Wanted to hurt him in all the ways he’d hurt me. My fists tightened into balls as I thought about ripping into him, telling him all the things that were barely under the surface of my composure.

But again, I remembered why we were there. Mira would be upset if we didn’t walk back in her room together. The best thing I could do for her and myself was make a plan and get back to her. Back to the comfort of people who made me feel good rather than sad.

Obviously this would require some acting. A lot of acting. “So any idea how to give Mira a happy face? Because she read right through us in there.”

“She is very perceptive.” Hudson leaned forward, his elbows on his thighs, his chin in his hands. “But I think if we wait here for a while, give us time to supposedly talk things out, then if we go back in there with smiles and…holding hands, she’ll believe it.” His pause said that even holding hands sounded uncomfortable for him. “She wants to believe it, so she will.”

I made a gruff sound in the back of my throat. “Pretending we’re a couple. Just like old times.”

His head spun toward me. He fastened me with a piercing stare. “We aren’t pretending we’re a couple. We are a couple. We’re pretending that we’re…that we’re not…” He moved his hand in the air as he tried to figure out how to finish his sentence.

When he didn’t come up with an end, I pushed him. “That we’re not…what? Not fighting? Not completely confused and heartbroken? Not miserable and lied to?” My voice cracked, and I refused to cry. Biting my lip, I crossed one leg over the other and put all my energy into jostling my knee up and down. It helped to focus my pain.

Hudson stared at the wall across from him, refusing to respond or look at me.

I should have dropped it, but I couldn’t help myself. “I don’t understand how you can say we’re a couple when you’re living in one place and I’m in another. When you’re on dates with another woman.”

“I told you what that was,” he said quietly.

I ignored him. “When you won’t even let me touch you without acting like it burns.” I shook my head. I was getting too upset. “I said I wouldn’t do this here. I’m sorry.” Except I really wasn’t. “Sort of.”

I wanted him to refute my words, wanted him to explain how things really were. But he didn’t. Sure, it wasn’t the time or place—I knew that in my head. My heart, on the other hand, didn’t care. I was in so much pain, how could he not be? And if he wasn’t, what did that mean?

It means he can compartmentalize, I told myself. That’s all. God, what I’d give to believe that was all it was.

We sat in silence, the only sound the clicking of the seconds ticking by on the wall clock. Finally, Hudson spoke, his voice low and sincere. “Touching you only burns because it reminds me how much I want to touch you more.”

A wave of optimism burst through me, so tangible and fierce that my whole chest felt on fire. “Then touch me more, H. Come home.”

He raised a brow and his expression carried the same air of hope that I felt. “And you’ll let the past lie?”

With everything in me I wanted to say yes. Yes, I’ll live with it. Whatever it is. I’d find a way. I’d said that before, and I’d thought I meant it. But I’d been talking desperate. I couldn’t live with it. There was no possible way.

Besides, I respected myself more than that. I respected our relationship more than that. Even if it meant losing him, I had to stand my ground on this. “No. I can’t let it lie. But you can tell me what it is you’re hiding.”

With a shake of his head, he dismissed it.

There we were again—at our impasse. “We might as well be broken up, Hudson, if you can’t believe that I’d love you beyond whatever this secret is.”

And if we truly couldn’t get past this, why were we even taking time apart? Weren’t we just postponing the inevitable?

It wasn’t something I could face. Not yet. Maybe the time apart was to help make that idea more bearable.

Apparently, Hudson felt the same way. “Let’s not do this here.”

“Let’s not.” Let’s not do this at all. Let’s go back to where we were three days ago, lost and alone in the mountains. Happy and glowing, as Mira put it.

If there were anything I’d ever wished for more, I didn’t know what it was.

But wishing wouldn’t get us through the next hour. I stood up and paced the room. “Okay. We’ll go in there. We’ll smile. We’ll hold hands. We’ll be happy and glowing. And Mira will never know the lie.”

“Yes,” Hudson said. “Thank you.”

“What if she asks what our problem was?”

“She won’t.”

I wasn’t so sure and the expression I shot him said exactly that.

“If she does ask, let me handle it.”

“Yes, I’ll do that.” The venom I was trying to bite back slipped past my lips. “You are the master manipulator, after all.”

He stared at me with sad eyes. I’d meant to hurt him, and it worked. But he didn’t argue, didn’t defend himself. He wouldn’t even fight with me. Wouldn’t fight for me.

It’s not the place, I reminded myself. The reminder didn’t change the hollow ache in my chest. I knew his indifference extended beyond the walls of the hospital.

Hudson stood. “Are you ready to go back?” He shoved his hands in his pockets, obviously keeping them from my reach.

Fucking asshole.

I didn’t let him know how much his simple gesture felt like a knife in the gut. “You think she’ll believe this was long enough?”

“Yes.” He moved to the door and held it open for me. “If we convince her that all is well, then she won’t focus on the timespan in the least. She’ll have no reason to question what we’re selling.” He was so clinical about it. So proficient about the steps of pulling off a scheme.

And why wouldn’t he be? “Tips from the expert,” I said as I passed him.

“You’re very good at lashing out, precious. It’s interesting that I’m just learning this now.” He was behind me, and he said it quietly, but I heard him all the same.

I held on to his endearment—precious—like it was gold. Like it was the last drop of water in a desert. Like it was a beacon in a dark storm. He couldn’t still call me that and not feel something for me. Could he?

We hurried back to Mira’s room, not speaking or looking at each other. Outside her door, Hudson paused. His hand hung at his side now. I placed mine in it automatically, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Because it was that natural. The way it fit so snugly, so perfectly in his. As if we’d been made to lace our fingers in just that way.

He looked down at where we were joined, studying our hands for long seconds. There was sadness and yearning in his tone when he spoke. “Your hand fits so well in mine, doesn’t it? Like it belongs.”

I had to turn my head in order to fight the tears. He was so in sync with me. Why, why, why were we apart?

“I didn’t mean to say that out loud,” he said. “I apologize. Can you still do this?”

Forcing a smile on my face, I turned back to him. “Yep.”

“Showtime, then.” Hudson led us in, entering with much more zeal than he had earlier. “We’re back.” He headed straight for his sister, placing a sweet kiss on her forehead. “And everything’s fine.”

He was such an excellent liar. I’d known he had to be. I’d seen him pretend to his family about me before. Then I’d convinced myself that his acting was so good because he’d actually felt something for me. Seeing Hudson now, so easily falling into the charade—it stung. How much of the past had been a lie as well?

Mira narrowed her eyes. “I want to hear it from Laynie. I don’t trust you.” She swatted him aside.

Taking a deep breath, I pushed away my heartache and reminded myself this was for Mira. I gave her what I feared could only be taken as a fake grin and slid in closer to her. “Everything really is fine.” I looked back at Hudson, hoping for a sign to make the lie easier. I received none. “Maybe not perfect, but things are definitely fine.”

Mira frowned dubiously.

Damn. I needed to get my shit together.

Before I could, Hudson stepped in to save the farce. He wrapped his arms around me from behind, a major show of public affection for Hudson. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Things are completely perfect.”

He nuzzled his face against my hair and I shivered with an unwelcome tingle from head to toe. I sighed into him. How could I not? This was what I wanted—to be held by him, to be loved by him.

But this was fake. It had to be or he’d tell me what I needed to know. Right?

Either way, Mira bought it. She clapped her hands together. “Ah, see? The happy and glowing is back! Thank god.” She cast her eyes around the room, stopping first at her mother beside her, then Adam and Chandler and Jack on the sofa, then to me and Hudson in front of her. “This is the best. Now my whole family’s here.”

I shifted, feeling a little uncomfortable at her declaration. I wasn’t family. And at the moment, I was sure I never would be. The farce was going too far. I opened my mouth to protest.

Sophia beat me to it. “Well, not everyone here is family.”

Mira glared at her mother. “She is. And right now I’d send you out before Laynie. Since I want all my family here, you can sit over there with your mouth shut and pretend you’re shaking because you’re cold and when you get home you can have the drink you wish was in that water bottle.”

All eyes darted from Mira to Sophia to me. The tension was so thick and palpable. I felt I had to say something. “I should go, Mira. The sentiment is nice, but I’m not really family.”

Jack met my eyes. “Yes. You are.”

Hudson tightened his grasp around me. “Agreed.”

I nodded, not daring to speak. My throat was thick and my eyes filled with tears. At least when Mira looked at me, she thought I was crying out of happiness. She had no idea she was watching my heart break even more.





Chapter Fifteen





Mira was released shortly after seven a.m. under strict orders to take it easy and drink more water. We all walked out together, Adam and Jack fussing over Mira as an attendant wheeled her to the front door. While I’d both hoped and feared that Hudson would drive me home himself, Jordan was waiting as we exited the main doors. Hudson must have texted him while I wasn’t watching.

The others had to wait for the valet to bring their cars up, so I was the first to say goodbye. I bent to hug Mira. “Take care of yourself, sister. I don’t want to be back at Lenox Hill until you’re pushing out a baby—and that better be months from now.”

“I couldn’t agree more. Thanks for coming, Laynie.”

“Anytime.” I straightened. “Well, my ride’s here.” After all the talk of being part of the family, leaving by myself felt extra lonely. My mixed feelings were no longer mixed—I wanted Hudson to drive me home. Desperately.

“Your ride…?” Mira looked from me to Hudson, obviously questioning the different cars.

“We’re off to separate places,” Hudson said. “Alayna gets to go home and crawl in bed. I’m off to work.” Always prepared with an answer, he was. Except when I was asking the questions.

Mira scowled. “You’re going to work after no sleep? And I’m the one getting yelled at about working too hard.”

Hudson waved his hand dismissively. “I got enough sleep.” He walked me to the Maybach, opening the back door for me. “I should kiss you goodbye,” he said quietly so that only I could hear.

“I suppose you should. Do you want to?” I held my breath, afraid of the answer. I didn’t know the answer for myself. It was like what he said in the hospital waiting room—kissing him only reminded me how I wanted to kiss him more. And knowing that I wouldn’t kiss him more anytime soon felt like razorblades to my chest.

His response only heightened my pain. “I’ve never kissed you just for show, precious. I’m not about to start now.” But his actions said differently when he bent in to deliver a partially open-mouthed kiss, no tongue. The type of affection suitable for onlookers.

Without permission, my hand flew to the back of his neck. I held him there, locking our lips for much longer than I believe he’d intended. When I finally pulled away, I made sure I had the last word. “That would be easier to believe if your actions matched your words. But, let me guess—you’re not about to start that now either, are you?”

I slipped in the car and slammed the door before he could respond.





After five hours of restless sleep, I woke up with another throbbing headache, swollen eyes, and a plan.

I made two phone calls, right off the bat. One of them was productive, earning me an appointment for the next day with someone who, hopefully, could shed some light on Hudson’s recent behavior.

The other call got me nowhere. Mirabelle didn’t go into work, of course, so it was Stacy that answered when I called the shop. That was fine. She was whom I wanted to talk to anyway. But even though I pleaded and put on my sweetest voice, she refused to talk any more about the video she’d sent.

“I told you, I’m done,” she said and hung up.

I bounced my knee as I thought about what to do next. Then I made one more call. “Can you come over for a bit? I need your help with something.”

“Um, sure.” Liesl sounded groggy, as if I’d woken her up. It was just after one p.m. I probably had woken her. “I need, like, twenty. And coffee.”

“Awesome. I’ll send my driver to get you. With Starbucks.”

I got off the phone, showered and dressed in record speed, and then dove into my project. Projects, I’d learned in therapy, even ridiculously unnecessary ones, were excellent forms of distraction. They helped keep me from doing the crazy things I tended to do when I was hurting. It was possible that this project in particular was as crazy as the things it kept me from doing, but I was ignoring that.

More than an hour later, Liesl and I sat on the floor of the library surrounded by books—the books that Hudson had ordered for me through Celia. While most of them hadn’t been marked at all, we were pulling those that were. They were easy to find. All of them were bookmarked by Celia Werner’s business card. I planned on burning the pile when we were finished.

“Here’s another one.” Liesl read the highlighted quote. “‘Don't cry, I'm sorry to have deceived you so much, but that's how life is.’ It’s from Lolita.”

I cringed. Nabokov. One of my favorites. “Put it in the to-go pile.” On the notepad next to me I scribbled down the quote.

She stacked it with the others that had been highlighted—the books I planned to get rid of. “What do you think it means?”

I shook my head and looked over the list in my lap. There were several from my favorite books and some from books I’d never read:

“People could put up with being bitten by a wolf but what properly riled them was a bite from a sheep.”― James Joyce, Ulysses

“He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.”― George Orwell, 1984

“Blameless people are always the most exasperating.” ― George Eliot, Middlemarch

“Once a bitch always a bitch, what I say.”― William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury

“There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.”― John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath

“It's not my fate to give up—I know it can't be.”― Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady

“There is no harm in deceiving society as long as she does not find you out.”― E.M. Forster, A Passage to India

There was another page, much of the same. If there was a hidden message, I couldn’t find it. “I’m beginning to think none of them mean anything. They’re simply ominous quotations intended to mess with my mind.”

Liesl snatched the list from me. She scanned it quickly. “I think she’s talking about herself. She doesn’t think she’s harming anyone, she’s not going to give up, she thinks she controls stuff, and she’s a bitch.” She tossed the notepad to the ground and reached for another book. “So spill it. Why did you so badly want me here for this only mildly entertaining task?”

I twisted my lips. “I didn’t. There’s something else.” With a deep breath, I spilled the plan that had occupied my mind since waking.

When I was finished, Liesl sat back against the couch, her forehead pinched. “So let me get this straight—you’re going to obsess and stalk people on purpose?”

“Research,” I corrected. “Research, dammit! Not stalk.” Though the idea sounded much better in my head than when I said it out loud.

“You’re obsessed with your boy toy’s past. And you want to track down people to research whatever he’s hiding from you. Right? Or did I miss something?”

“That’s exactly it.” I nodded more enthusiastically than necessary. “That’s not stalking. That’s talking to people. People who have insight into Hudson. If he won’t tell me what I want to know, then I can ask them. Get a clearer picture.”

Liesl shot me a disapproving glance.

“Why is this not an ideal plan?” I’d hoped she’d be more supportive. Especially since parts of the idea were already in action.

“Because you have a history of being, you know...” She clicked her tongue and circled a finger in the air next to her head, the universal sign for psycho. “I’ll just say it. Cuckoo. You’ve been cuckoo. And I haven’t been to that many of your group thingies, but I seem to remember that snooping and prying and digging into people’s stuff are all on the no-no list.”

I shut my eyes so I wouldn’t be tempted to roll them. Liesl had been to a few of my meetings. I hadn’t realized she’d actually paid attention. “This is different.”

She nodded. “Yes, it is.” Then she stopped nodding and raised a brow. “How exactly?”

Inwardly I groaned. To me, the difference was obvious. “The other times it was a compulsion. I couldn’t help myself. This time, I’m choosing it. It makes it totally different.”

“Uh-huh. Totally different.” She didn’t seem convinced. “And why am I here? ‘Cause if you want me to tell you you’re not crazy, that’s not happening.”

“Then, well, fine. Think I’m crazy.” Liesl’s version of sanity wasn’t necessarily one for the textbooks anyway. “But I also need your help.”

Her eyes lit up. “You want me to take down that Selina bitch?” She punched a fist into her palm a few times.

“Celia,” I corrected. “What is with you and getting names wrong?”

“It’s fun to watch you get all I-know-everything and correct me.” She smacked her gum with a wide smile. “I really will take Ms. Celia Werner down if you want me to. I’ll kick her ass so hard she’ll lose that cute bubble butt of hers.” Without any guilt she added, “Yeah, I checked out her behind. Sue me.”

“Um, no. No ass kicking. Please.” Liesl could do it, though. She was a brute when she wanted to be. And wouldn’t that be awesome to see Celia with her pretty little face bruised and bloodied?

But that hadn’t been the help I’d needed from Liesl. I had another plan in mind. Perching on the coffee table next to where she sat on the floor, I put on my puppy dog eyes. “I was hoping you could come with me to see someone.”

“Oh, Jesus. You’re trying to convert me to stalking too?”

“There’s no stalking.” It wasn’t in the plan, anyway. “I just need to talk to a lady that doesn’t want to talk to me. I’m hoping if I’m not alone, she might be more amicable.”

Liesl grinned, obviously flattered with the request. “You think I’m intimidating, don’t you? You want me to intimidate the fuck out of her.”

“Yeah. Sure.”

Her smile widened.

Then it fell. “God, I don’t know, I don’t know!” She stood up and began walking in a circle. “The whole thing seems really fun. And I want to be a good friend. But I’m not sure if I should be supporting you or putting up a big fat stop sign in your path.” She brought her hands to her forehead, massaging her temples. “What to do, what to do? Maybe we should call Brian.”

I flew up from the table. “You should be supporting me. Please! And we don’t need to call Brian.” I heaved a lungful of air out, trying to calm down. My plan could work without Liesl’s help, but I needed her to understand, at least. Needed her to realize how close to the edge I was, how, as far as I was concerned, this was my last chance. My last chance at sanity.

“Okay. You might be right—this might not be the healthiest of ideas.” I waited until Liesl’s eyes were on mine before continuing. “But here’s the thing—if I don’t take some control over this limbo state that my relationship is in, then I’m going to end up doing the stalking and obsessing and all of that anyway. I’m being proactive. I’m taking a stand for once instead of letting a guy walk all over me. Because if not this, I only have two other choices—let Hudson and me stay in this ‘time apart’ mode, which is asinine and unproductive and really leaves me as a doormat. Or break up. And I’m not ready to lose him.” My lip trembled with the raw honesty. “And I don’t think he’s ready to lose me. Or he would have ended things already.”

Liesl’s eyes grew compassionate. But also concerned. “You are so overthinking this, Laynie.”

I threw my hands emphatically to the side. “No! I’m not. I’m fighting for the guy I love.” My eyes stung with the tears that seemed to be ever-present as of late. “Yes, I’m pissed that he’s not fighting for me, but maybe he doesn’t know how to fight for anyone. Maybe he needs me to show him.”

If Liesl still had reservations, she hid them. “All right, I’m in. What else am I going to do with my afternoon, anyway?”

“Really? Thank you. Thank you!” I hugged her. Though her company wasn’t crucial, I was desperate for it. Her presence helped with the unending loneliness that occupied my heart since Hudson had walked out the door.

When I let her go, she shrugged dismissively. “It’s all good. Besides, this book project is pretty much done.”

I looked around at the mess. There were still a few unmarked stacks that needed to be shelved. That could be done later. “Then I’m ready to go if you are.”

“Yup.” She grabbed her backpack from the couch. “Where we headed, anyway?”

“Greenwich Village.”

I’d told Jordan that I’d be leaving later. I texted him now and found he was already waiting in the parking garage. After grabbing my purse and my cell phone, we stepped in the elevator.

We stood next to each other, leaning against the back wall. Liesl nudged my shoulder. “Have you considered that you might not like what you uncover with all this?”

The sinking feeling in my chest wasn’t just from the descent of the elevator. “I’m pretty certain that whatever it is, it might kill me.” That was the bitch about the situation—Hudson had confessed pretty shitty stuff already. If he couldn’t tell me this, it had to be bad.

So why was I so desperate to find out?

Because that’s who I was. And whatever this was, it was who he was too. “It might kill me, but I need to know. And then I can move on, preferably with Hudson.”

It didn’t fix the bigger problem—Hudson wasn’t being honest with me. But maybe if he realized that I really would love him no matter what, he’d be able to let his last walls come down and we could finally start working on rebuilding our relationship together.





Since neither of us had eaten, we stopped to grab souvlakia from a food cart nearby before heading to the Village. By the time we got to Mirabelle’s, it was nearly four. I wasn’t positive that Stacy would still be there, or that she’d be available to talk. Or that she’d answer the bell when I rang. Their clients could only come by appointment. If she wasn’t expecting anyone, would she open the door?

Maybe showing up unannounced was a long shot, but when she’d hung up on me, this was the only way I could think of to get a few questions answered.

At the door, a sudden flashback of the first time I’d been there flooded my memory. I’d been so nervous, standing there waiting with Hudson for his sister to answer. It had been our first outing as a couple—as a pretend couple. The fear that I’d mess up the charade had been immense, but more than that, the sizzling energy between me and the man that stood at my side had threatened to light me on fire. Threatened to consume me.

In the end, it had consumed me, and that was why I was there now—burned and blistered and broken.

Before ringing, I turned to Liesl. “This is where I need you. There’s a peephole. If Stacy looks through it and sees me, I’m not sure she’ll open the door.”

“Cool. I got this.”

I moved to the side of the building and made myself flush with the wall. At my nod, she rang the bell. The door opened almost immediately.

“Hi. Vanessa Vanderhal?” Stacy asked Liesl.

She must have been waiting for a client. Before Liesl could answer, I stepped into view.

“Oh, no. Not you.” Stacy began to shut the door.

But Liesl wedged her shoulder in the entrance before the opening got too narrow. “Hey, she only has a few questions. Nothing that’s going to take more than a few minutes. You’re the only one she can ask. Can’t you help a girl out? Woman to woman?”

I’d known Liesl could be intimidating. I didn’t realize she could also be charming.

Stacy narrowed her eyes, considering. Considering was better than I’d expected, to be honest.

I looked to Liesl, mentally sending her signals to lay on more charm since it seemed to be working.

She apparently wasn’t on the same wavelength. “If you aren’t interested in doing this the easy way, I’m willing to go another route. I’ll introduce myself—I’m Liesl. I have a triple black belt in karate and I do competitive boxing on the side. So come on. Let us in.”

The extent of Liesl’s fighting skills was kickboxing at a nearby gym. But Stacy didn’t know that.

Stacy groaned. “Oh, all right. Come on in. But make it quick. I have a client in fifteen.”

I was more relieved than I realized I would be. There were too many questions about the video that could only be answered by three people. And I wasn’t about to ask Celia. “Thank you, Stacy. We’ll be in and out. I promise.”

She widened the door for us to come in. “Yeah, yeah.” To herself, she muttered, “I knew there wouldn’t be an end to this.” As soon as we were in, she let the door slam and crossed her arms over her chest. “What is it you want to know? I didn’t stage the video, if that’s what he’s convinced you.”

Obviously we were having our conversation in the front entry of the store. At least she’d let us in.

“No, he didn’t.” I supposed he deserved credit for that—for not denying that the kiss had taken place. By avoiding telling me anything, he’d avoided making up a lie. Was that an effort to remain true to our promise to be honest with each other? If so, didn’t he realize that concealment was just another form of lie?

“Actually,” I said, “he won’t tell me anything about the video at all.”

“Ah, I see.” Stacy rubbed her gloss-shined lips together. “And so you’re asking me instead.”

The judgment and superiority lacing her words irked me to no end. I wanted to shake the woman by her thin shoulders and tell her she didn’t know. That she couldn’t understand.

But I was trying to play nice. And why would she understand anyway? My best friend was having a hard time figuring out why it was so important to me to uncover Hudson’s secrets, why would a practical stranger get it?

She wouldn’t.

I gritted my teeth. “Yes, that’s exactly what I’m doing. I’m going behind his back and asking you instead. It’s definitely not one of my finer moments.”

Stacy stared at me hard for several seconds. “Well, we’ve all experienced some of those, I suppose.” Her shoulders relaxed ever so slightly. “So he doesn’t know you’re here?”

I shook my head.

“And you’re not planning to tell him?”

“No.” Guilt shuddered through me like a cold chill. Hudson hadn’t asked me not to talk to Stacy again, but I’d promised to be open and truthful with him. Not telling him felt secretive. Sure, he wasn’t living up to his promise, and he’d called for a fucking break—those facts probably excused me from the open-door policy. But I’d said I was done keeping secrets. Period. Either I meant it or I wasn’t worthy of him in the first place. And if I wasn’t worthy of being with him, why did this whole detective scheme matter?

I changed my answer. “Actually, that’s a lie. I will tell him.” If I ever actually had a chance to speak to him again. “I told you before—we’re working on honesty. I can’t betray him.” Even if he’d betrayed me by not being forthcoming.

My transparency had likely cost me Stacy’s cooperation, but my only other option was to lie to her. And that seemed shitty too.

She pursed her lips, her eyes darting back and forth between me and Liesl. Finally, she sighed, leaning back on the counter behind her. “What do you want to know?”

Knowing our time was short, I jumped right in. “Why did you film Hudson and Celia kissing? I mean, what did you plan to do with the video in the first place?”

“Prove he was lying.” She said it matter-of-factly, as if I’d understand with just that much. When she realized I didn’t, she expounded. “I was supposed to meet him that night. For coffee—I think I told you that before. As I was walking up, I saw him with her. He’d protested so much about them being a couple that I knew he’d deny it again. So I filmed it. As proof.”

My chest tightened. Oh, how the protest story sounded familiar. Still, there were holes. “But you never showed it to him.”

She shook her head. “I didn’t end up needing to. I walked up to them right after I filmed it. While they were still...like that.” She cringed as if the memory of seeing them kissing hurt her.

I knew how that felt. And it hurt doubly that Stacy was upset about it. She obviously had something with him, even though he’d denied it. How many women had he been with that he’d told me he hadn’t? Was Norma also on that list?

Well, that I’d find out tomorrow, if all went as planned.

Stacy brushed a strand of golden hair off her face. “I’d filmed them in case they stopped before I got there. In case he denied it. But he didn’t.”

No, denial wasn’t Hudson’s thing—redirection was. And avoidance.

Or maybe that was just with me. “What did he do when he saw you?”

Stacy’s nose crinkled as she recalled the scene. “He acted surprised, even though I was supposed to be meeting him. Or maybe it was because he’d lost track of time or forgotten he was meeting me. I don’t know. Celia apologized first, which was strange because I didn’t realize she knew anything about me. Then Hudson apologized. Most of the explaining came from Celia. I guess he was shocked to have been caught or something. I really didn’t listen to most of what she said. I was shocked as well. And too busy feeling stupid.”

“Feeling stupid?” This was where I needed clarification. Hudson had seemed honestly perplexed when I’d mentioned Stacy had been there to meet him.

“Yes, stupid. He’d made me feel like he liked me, you know?” She seemed to be recalling an old ache that hadn’t healed entirely. “And all the time he was with her. Why would he do that? ”

“Why do any men cheat on their women?” Liesl asked then returned to biting the nail she’d been working on since we’d arrived.

I frowned. Of all the negative traits I was realizing about my lover, I sure hoped cheating wasn’t one I had to add to the list.

Stacy protested the logic in that. “He asked me to meet him, though. Hudson Pierce doesn’t seem like the type to mix up his dates. If anyone could successfully pull off an affair, that man could.”

That’s exactly why Norma scared me. But, like Stacy was saying, if Hudson were really with Norma—or back then, with Celia—wouldn’t he be better at covering his tracks? That was the part that didn’t make sense.

Maybe Stacy had misread his intentions. “How did he make you feel like he liked you? I thought you only accompanied him to that charity event last year.” Taking a stab in the dark, I added, “I didn’t realize you were together.”

Stacy lowered her eyes. “We weren’t. Not really.” She ran her hands along the counter behind her. “After that charity event he never asked me out again. But we talked a lot—by email. He flirted. Sent me flowers a couple of times. That’s why I thought there was a possibility. That night on the video was the first time he’d offered to see me in person again.”

“Maybe they were dicking with you together.” Liesl wiped her freshly “manicured” hand on her jeans. “You know. Like maybe the emails weren’t from him.”

“You mean Celia sent them?” I considered it. I’d certainly learned Celia wasn’t to be trusted, that she’d manipulate information for her benefit. “Yeah, she could have.” And I liked that scenario better than some of the others.

Stacy, on the other hand, didn’t like the idea at all. She straightened up to her full height and narrowed her eyes in my direction. “Are you saying that you think Hudson couldn’t possibly like me? That’s pretty nervy to assume. What, you don’t think I’m good enough for him?”

Man, that woman had claws. It wasn’t even me who’d suggested the idea.

I put my hands up in an attempt to calm her. “No. That’s not it at all. There’s just details that don’t add up. Like you said he seemed surprised to see you there. And when I mentioned you being there to meet him, he had no idea what I was talking about. Total deer in the headlights. Maybe he was faking his reaction—I’m not denying that’s a possibility. But that’s exactly why I wanted to talk to you. I’m trying to figure it out for myself.”

Liesl poked me with her elbow. “And tell her about Celia WerWhore.”

I ignored her jab though it inwardly made me smile. “That’s the other thing, Stacy. Celia tried to pull a scam on me recently. And now she’s messing with me in other ways. I may not be the first of Hudson’s interests to get that treatment.”

Stacy’s posture didn’t change, but her expression said she was pondering the new information. “So when he took me to the charity event, I showed up on her radar?”

“Possibly.” I hoped that was it. Otherwise Hudson was lying to me about his relationship with Stacy. “And possibly not.” That was the problem with secrets—anything was potentially the truth.

Stacy’s eyes grew dim, as if the idea that all of it had been a hoax disappointed her more than catching the guy she liked with another woman. I got that. She’d wanted Hudson Pierce to be interested in her. Simply by being a woman, I could relate to crushing on a guy. Being me, I could relate to crushing on Hudson. If I’d discovered he’d faked being into me…well, that would have been more devastating than the current situation I was in.

I decided to give her some compassion. “But even if it wasn’t Hudson who wrote those emails, Celia obviously thought you were a threat. That has to mean he showed some interest in you in front of her.”

Stacy blew out a stream of air. “It’s actually an interesting theory. It fits in some ways.”

“Do tell.” Liesl was as eager now for the information as I was.

“Like I said, he did act strange when I came up to him. And whenever he came in the shop, he ignored me. As if he hadn’t said all the beautiful things he’d said to me online. He was very poetic. His emails were like long letters.”

“I’m not claiming to know who the actual author was,” I started tentatively, afraid of hurting Stacy’s feelings more, “but from what I know of Hudson, he’s not much of a letter writer. And Celia does seem to be comfortable around the literary world.” The quotes she’d picked to highlight in my books indicated as such, anyway.

“What was the email address he sent from?” Occasionally Liesl came up with things I should have asked.

Stacy wrinkled her brow. “H.Pierce@gmail.com, I think.”

I was already shaking my head when Liesl asked, “Is that his email?”

“I only know of his Pierce Industries account. He uses it for both business and personal, but he rarely sends personal emails.” Or if he did, I wasn’t aware.

The bell rang, announcing Stacy’s next client. She looked to the door then back to us, as if she was torn.

I felt the same way. There was more to potentially uncover, but I’d promised we’d be in and out. Besides, there probably wasn’t anything else I could know without reading the actual emails and that seemed like too much to ask from Stacy unless she offered. “Thanks again, for your time and your answers. I know you’re busy now.”

She nodded as she crossed in front of us to open the door. With her hand on the knob, she paused. “I should be thanking you too, I suppose. You’ve enlightened the situation.” She opened the door before I could respond. “Vanessa? Welcome to Mirabelle’s. Come on in.”

Stacy’s client walked in and we headed out.

“If I think of anything else,” Stacy called after me. “I’ll contact you.”

It was a hopeful ending to the conversation. If she was anything like me—and very few people were, but it was possible—she’d go home and reread all the emails “Hudson” sent with the new scenario in mind. Maybe she’d find something there and send me a note.

I texted Jordan and discovered he’d found a meter down the block. He waved, letting us know his location.

Liesl linked her arm in mine as we walked toward the Maybach. “Do you think you learned anything?”

I shrugged. “I’d like to believe it was all a scam on Celia’s part. But that doesn’t answer why Hudson was kissing her or why he won’t tell me the truth about it.”

“Maybe she asked him to play along. Would he do that? Or he was in on it all along.”

I bit my lip. “All of those options are possible.” I thought he’d been well at the time he’d met me, but maybe he had still been playing people. Was that what Hudson didn’t want me to know? That so recently, he hadn’t been well?

Or was it Celia he was protecting? Yet again.





The club was already open to the public when I showed up for work that night, so instead of using the employee entrance, I went through the front doors. If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t have seen Celia waiting in line. So much for her being bored with the game.

The doorman asked before I had a chance to remind him. “Not her, right?”

“Right.” I looked out toward the blonde once more. It was somewhat comforting to know she was still interested in tormenting me. To my sick mind, it proved that she thought I was still important to Hudson. Even if it wasn’t true any longer, at least she hadn’t gotten the memo.

As I stared at her, she waved. “Hi, Laynie.” It was the first time she’d talked to me since she’d begun her stalking.

I didn’t respond with words, but I did smile before going into the club. In about two minutes she was going to be turned down at the door. That was definitely something to grin about.

It was the last time I smiled for the remainder of the night. My shift was ho-hum and I worked my ass off keeping on top of the summer crowd, but the constant ache of missing Hudson ate at me. Everywhere I looked, I saw him—in the bubble rooms, in the office, at the bar.

By three a.m. when my shift was over, the idea of going back to the lonely penthouse had me in tears. I considered going somewhere else instead—Liesl’s, a hotel. The loft. I could go to the loft and see him. Be with the man I wanted to be with.

But why would I want to be with someone who didn’t want to be with me? That was proof that I wasn’t the person I’d once been—the person who would have gone anywhere to be with the man she was into, whether he wanted her or not.

So I ended up at the penthouse. Alone. I managed not to cry as Reynold drove me there, but the tears started before I exited the elevator. They continued while I got ready for bed, and while I checked my phone that I’d left at home during the night. Then they turned to sobs when I read the one text message I had:

Sleep tight, precious.

Tomorrow, I thought as I cried myself to sleep for the fourth time in a row. Maybe tomorrow I’ll wake up from this horrible nightmare.





Chapter Sixteen





“Jordan, I need to go to Pierce Industries?” I asked when I got in the car the next afternoon. I paused, wondering if I should say that I wanted to see Hudson. It wasn’t really a lie—I did want to see him. He just wasn’t whom I intended to see.

“Certainly, Ms…Laynie.” He corrected himself before I had to. After a moment he added, “I’m sure he’ll enjoy the surprise.”

I smiled and nodded as his eyes met mine in the rearview mirror. It bothered me that he knew enough about my life and my day-to-day schedule to know that Hudson didn’t expect me. Had Hudson told Jordan he didn’t want me to come by? Then he probably wouldn’t agree to take me. But then I’d find my own way to his office—Hudson had to know that about me by now. Perhaps my driver was simply informed of my daily plans. Though it wasn’t by me, so how accurate did he expect that information to be? I wasn’t Hudson’s prisoner, after all.

Whatever knowledge the two—three, if I included Reynold—shared about me, I was convinced that Hudson was always apprised of my whereabouts. Jordan would likely text Hudson the minute I got out of the car, telling him I was on my way up.

I couldn’t stop my bodyguard from telling on me—it would risk his job. But I could buy some time. When we pulled in front of the Pierce Industries building, I leaned toward the front seat. “Give me a few minutes before you report me, will you? I don’t want to ruin the surprise.”

He didn’t verbally agree, but Jordan’s smile said he’d play along.

“Thank you.” I kissed my driver on the cheek, surprising both him and me with the affection, and stepped out of the car.

Considering how destroyed my heart was, my spirits were actually almost good as I hit the elevator button for Hudson’s floor. The talk with Stacy had gone well, and that boosted my confidence that today’s appointment would follow suit. Even without Liesl accompanying me, I felt capable of accomplishment. And if all went well, I’d have answers.

Hopefully they wouldn’t be answers that destroyed me more.

I panicked only briefly as the elevator opened on Hudson’s floor. I peeked through the glass walls to Hudson’s waiting room. Except for Trish at her desk, the room was empty. Hudson’s office door was closed. If Jordan had already sent a text about me, Hudson either hadn’t read it yet or wasn’t in the building. Either way, it was good news for me.

I escaped down the hall free and clear.

Norma Ander’s office was easy to find. There were only top executives on that floor so there weren’t many to look through. I could tell from the outside that hers was smaller than Hudson’s and didn’t have a corner view. For some reason, that made me feel good. God, was I really such a spiteful bitch? No, I was simply a woman scorned.

I’d scheduled my appointment with Norma’s assistant so I already knew I’d find a male at the desk outside her door. What I didn’t know from his voice was how attractive he was. Not attractive in the dominating powerful way that Hudson was, but in the cute, nerdy way that was trendy lately. He seemed about my age or possibly a year or two older. His hair was light brown and unruly and his blue eyes were bright despite being hidden behind dark framed glasses.

How lucky was Norma to be surrounded by hotties? Maybe I needed to take a job at Pierce Industries after all so I could enjoy the view.

Like I cared about any guy besides Hudson. If I could just have that view back, I’d be happy.

The nameplate indicated his name was Boyd. I stepped up and introduced myself. “Alayna Withers to see Norma Anders.”

“Let me just buzz her to see if she’s ready for you. Please feel free to take a seat.”

The idea of sitting made me want to puke—I was much too nervous. “No, I’ll stand. Thank you.” I circled the small waiting area, pretending to study the art on the walls while stealing glances into Norma’s office. Despite her door being open, I couldn’t see her desk, and the more time I had to myself, the more I thought I’d chicken out. The meeting with her could very well backfire, after all. She may not get the whole woman-to-woman thing. The possibility of security or Hudson being phoned was quite high. Both those scenarios were unattractive.

For good or bad, I didn’t chicken out and Norma didn’t keep me waiting. “Alayna, please come in.” She stood aside to let me pass her and gestured for me to take a seat in front of her desk.

As she shut the door behind me I heard her say, “Stop it. You’re being bad.” At least that’s what it sounded like she said.

I turned back to her before sitting. “Excuse me?”

“Oh, nothing. I was talking to my assistant.”

As she crossed around to her side of the desk, I took in her space. Not only was it simpler and smaller than Hudson’s, it also lacked any aesthetic form. The room consisted of a desk, three chairs, two bookcases, and several file cabinets. Apparently Celia Werner hadn’t been hired to design all the offices—just Hudson’s.

Norma cleared her throat. Since I hadn’t initiated the conversation, it seemed she would. “I was surprised by your request to meet with me. I assume it’s about Gwen?”

When Boyd had asked the reason for my appointment with Norma, I’d simply said, “It’s personal. I’m her sister’s boss.” The implication was clear.

Also, it was totally misleading.

I sat up taller in my chair. It was lower than Norma’s and I supposed that was a tactic to make her clients feel beneath her. I wouldn’t let it affect my confidence. “No, I’m not here about Gwen. Though I may have led your assistant to believe that’s what it was about. I apologize for that deception.”

Norma blinked once. “Now my interest is piqued. Go on.”

I leveled my eyes with hers. “I’m here to ask you about Hudson.”

“Hudson?” She actually jolted in her chair from the surprise. “You couldn’t have shocked me more if you said you were here to talk about the pope. Why on earth would you be asking me about your boyfriend?”

It was the most words she’d ever spoken to me directly. It occurred to me that I knew absolutely nothing about this woman—whether she was fun or serious or compassionate or mean. She’d always acted as though she disapproved of me or I disinterested her. Was that simply because I was with Hudson? She was a woman with authority—she’d likely learned over time how to be tough, learned to thicken her skin. Was there a girl beneath her exterior that I could appeal to with my jealousies and insecurities?

I hoped so. “I’m interested in your relationship with him. With Hudson.”

Her mouth curled up on one side. “Call me a bitch, but why aren’t you asking him?”

I’d already called her a bitch many times in my head, but I recognized the title hadn’t been validated. Yet. And, just as when Stacy had judged me, I felt the urge to be defensive. That would get me nowhere though. “I have asked him. He’s answered. I’d like your clarification.”

She nodded, accepting my answer easily. “I have a business relationship with him. He’s my boss. I’m his lead financial officer.”

“Business only?”

“Business only.”

I’d feared her answer wouldn’t convince me, and it didn’t. He signed her paychecks—for that reason alone, why would she disclose information to me? And if he had been her lover, or still was her lover, then she had doubly the reason not to be honest with me.

Still, I hoped that proceeding with the conversation would teach me something. Maybe she’d slip, or I’d see it in her face—anything. “You obviously find him attractive. You don’t hide it when you look at him.” She stared at him like he was Adonis.

Then again, wasn’t he?

Norma let out a small laugh. “He’s a very attractive man.” Well, duh. “But I’m not interested in him that way.”

There was no way that was true. Besides what I’d seen from her, Hudson had confirmed her interest. “He said you approached him about having a relationship.”

Her eyes widened in surprise. “Did he?”

My heart thundered in my chest. Why would he lie about that?

But then Norma conceded. “Well, I did. Quite a while ago. I’m simply surprised it meant enough to mention. Things have changed now.”

I tilted my head, trying to read her. Very few of my crushes had simply disappeared with time. Generally it took a new man to end my interest. But I obsessed, so I didn’t have an accurate point of reference.

Hudson, however, believed she still liked him. “He doesn’t seem to think things have changed.”

She stared for two solid seconds before she narrowed her eyes and grinned. “Maybe I don’t want him to think so.”

I wrung my hands in my lap, determined not to slap the smugness off her face no matter how tempting it was. Instead, I pinned her with my eyes, hoping that my persistence would deliver.

After a brief stare-off, I won. Sort of. She offered an answer, albeit not a completely satisfactory one. “He’s my boss. It pays to flatter him.”

I leaned back in my chair. “There’s more than that. What are you not saying?”

Her eyes flickered briefly with rage or panic. I wasn’t sure which, but neither would get me what I wanted.

I backed down and tried another tactic—appealing to her sense of compassion. “I’m sorry. It’s none of my business, I know. But I’m desperate for information. It would mean a lot to me. And with Gwen at the club now, I thought maybe we could find some sort of a bond.”

Now her eyes definitely showed rage—and not just a flicker. “Are you threatening Gwen’s job security if I don’t answer your questions?”

Fuck! “No! God, no. I love Gwen.” Not exactly true. “Or, I like her anyway. A lot. She’s good at the job. Perfect for what I was looking for.” Jesus, I was flustered.

I took a deep breath and centered myself. “I mean that I think of everyone at The Sky Launch as family. Gwen’s moving her way into that category quite nicely. Even though she’s sometimes blunt and overly anxious to speak her mind.”

Norma chuckled. “That’s Gwen for you.” It was her turn to tilt her head and study me. “I appreciate you getting her the job, by the way. I thanked Hudson, but he says it’s really you who hired her. She needed out of Eighty-Eighth. In many ways, she was as desperate as you say you are now.”

She swept her tongue across her teeth and narrowed her eyes, considering. “And for that reason—because of what you did for Gwen—I’ll share something with you.” She pushed a button on her phone. “Boyd, can you come in here?”

Boyd’s voice filled the room. “Certainly.”

Norma focused her attention on her closed door. I turned in my seat and followed suit, curious and anxious about what her assistant could offer to my situation. Was this who would drag me out of the building?

Boyd rapped on the door and then opened it without waiting for a response. “May I help you?”

Damn, his grin was that of a schoolboy’s, all sweet and contagious.

Norma’s smile almost matched his. Definitely contagious. “Boyd, Ms. Withers wants to know if I’m having an affair with Hudson Pierce.”

Boyd’s mouth dropped open and his eyes flitted from me to Norma to me to Norma. He wiped his hand on his suit pants, suddenly nervous.

“It’s okay, dear. Answer honestly. As honestly as you like.” Her tone suggested an inside secret.

Did Boyd schedule trysts for his boss? I braced myself for his response.

At Norma’s encouragement, he relaxed and met my eyes. “She is not.”

The answer should have been comforting. But I was a cynical girl. “How can you be certain? Are you there when she has her meetings with him?”

“I am not. But I know that she isn’t.” He looked one more time to Norma for permission to continue. Seeming to believe he’d received it, he went on. “She wouldn’t do that to the person she’s involved with.” He moved his focus from me back to Norma. “She’s very loyal.”

“Thank you, Boyd. That’s all.”

He nodded once and left.

The door wasn’t yet shut when I spun back to Norma. “You’re involved with someone?” The blush on her cheekbones said it all. “Oh my god, it’s Boyd!”

Her blush and her smile deepened. Damn, the woman had it bad. “Now do you really think I would fool around with someone else in the office when my lover is right outside my door?”

I was speechless. “Why didn’t Hudson just tell me you were involved?” It would have eased my mind. Of course, affairs could still happen, but her having a boyfriend diminished the likelihood. Especially knowing how gaga she was over Boyd.

At the mention of Hudson,though, Norma’s giddiness evaporated.

“Hudson doesn’t know,” I realized. “Why? Is it a big secret or something?”

“Corporate policy is no dating within the same department. Boyd would be transferred. I don’t want to lose him. He’s worked for me for two years; we’ve been together for half that time. He’s the best assistant I’ve ever had. In more ways than one.”

“And perpetuating the idea that you’re still into Hudson is to throw him off track.” I was slow but catching on. “Gotcha.” The woman wasn’t a bitch—she was simply nervous her secret would be found out.

A wave of guilt rolled over me. “I feel like an idiot. I’m sorry to have assumed. And don’t worry—your secret is safe with me.”

She shrugged. “Thanks. It’s actually fun to tell someone.” Her smile reappeared.

“I’m sure.” The true nature of my relationship with Hudson had started as a secret. I’d been busting to tell someone—anyone—what was really going on. I certainly could relate.

Plus, talking about being in love was one of the highlights of the emotion.

Despite my paranoid nature, Norma convinced me she only had eyes for her assistant. But that didn’t explain all the time she was spending with my boyfriend. “So if there isn’t any romantic interest, why are you with Hudson so much?” I was keen to hear if Norma would say it was a business deal as well, and if so, if she’d expand.

Norma’s forehead furrowed. “He hasn’t told you?”

I shook my head, and she took that in. “Well, maybe I understand.” This seemed to be more for her than myself. To me, she explained, “It’s a very complicated idea he’s working on. He owns stock in a company but wants to purchase enough to have a controlling interest. But he doesn’t want the board members to be aware that he has the controlling interest. So he’s in the process of buying out another company that has enough stock in the first company to equal controlling interest when combined with the shares he already owns. Since he’s doing this all under the radar, we’ve had to be covert about the purchase. It’s all been like a game. Chess moves. We move, they move. I’ve had to research financial laws and tactics I’ve never encountered before. It will be a miracle if it goes through, but I’m beginning to believe in miracles.”

Her eyes lit up as she talked about the deal and I realized it wasn’t Hudson that turned her on as much as it was the work.

She paused, thinking perhaps that she’d gotten carried away. “Hudson’s methods have been brilliant,” she concluded. “He’s a fascinating man to watch in action.”

“It’s obvious you love your job, Norma.” I waited as she nodded. “Hudson’s mind is certainly one of the most creative I’ve ever encountered. It must be a real thrill to get to work with him so closely.” I loved it when he let me work with him. It was a real turn-on both mentally and physically. “And I’m not insinuating anything by that.”

“I understood what you meant. And yes, it is.” Her face grew serious. “By the way, I meant it when I said that I think you’re a much better match for him than that Werner girl. She made him miserable. You make him almost happy.”

I’d heard Norma insinuate that Hudson had been with Celia before. He’d dismissed it, saying she was as snowed as everyone, that he’d used the misconception to avoid Norma’s advances.

Now that I’d seen the video, I wondered if there wasn’t more to Norma’s notion. “Why do you believe he was with Celia? Did he ever tell you he was? Did you see them together?”

She frowned as she recalled. “He never said they were. She accompanied him to many of the office functions. I simply assumed. Were they not?”

I ignored her question, eager for more information. “Did you ever see them intimate together? You know, holding hands? Kissing?”

“No, I didn’t.” She thought about it a moment, as if realizing that it was strange. “That’s part of what seemed miserable about them as a couple—they were so unaffectionate when they were together. There was never the shine in his eyes like there is when he’s with you. Even when he talks about you, he glows.”

This surprised me. “He talks about me?”

“All the time.” She said it as if it were the most matter-of-fact thing in the world.

My heart flip-flopped. “Hmm. I never knew.”





I left Norma’s office feeling lighter than when I’d arrived. She’d assuaged my doubts about Hudson’s fidelity and had even given some insight on his relationship with Celia. More and more, the video seemed to be a sham.

Walking to the elevator, my better mood quickly quieted as I remembered I had to get past Hudson’s office again. If Jordan had texted him, he’d certainly be on the lookout for me. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to bump into him or not. If I saw him, I’d have to explain why I was there.

But I’d see him. And that sounded both glorious and painful.

I walked cautiously down his hall, trying my best to keep my heels quiet on the marble floor, all the while keeping my eyes pinned on his closed office door. Which was why I didn’t notice he was standing in front of me until I bumped into him.

“Alayna.”

There it was, the sound I loved above all others—my name on the tongue of the man I loved. The way he said it, reverent like a hymn, like a lullaby—it kindled the emotions I’d been attempting to bury deep inside. Goose bumps scattered down my arms and my chest grew tight. So tight, so ready to burst.

I started to say something, but my voice was gone.

Hudson wrapped his arm around mine. “Let’s talk in private, shall we?” He led me to his office. “Hold my calls,” he said over his shoulder to Trish. Then he shut and locked the door behind us.

If the circumstances had been different, the whole dominating alpha mood he was in would have been hot. Okay, it was still hot. No matter the circumstances. And I’d been a bad girl—going behind his back and speaking with his employee. Maybe if I was lucky, I’d get spanked.

Wow, wasn’t I feeling optimistic?

“Well, hello, H.”

He released my arm. “What are you doing here, Alayna?” He looked and sounded tired. His eyes were bloodshot and rimmed with dark circles. Was he losing sleep over me? Or were work and an unfamiliar bed the more likely cause?

Even with the bags, he looked delicious. I’d wondered many times if I’d ever get bored of his devastatingly good looks. If so, it wasn’t today. His simple presence affected me—aroused me, flustered me. Pissed me off. The combination of attraction, frustration and desperation put me in an odd mood—a cross between flirty and feisty with a whole lot of bitter on top.

“What am I doing here in your office? You dragged me in here, remember.” I walked away from him, dragging my hand along the top of the couch.

“Don’t be cute.” Though I sensed a smile behind his straight-man routine. “I meant in the building.”

I peered at him over my shoulder. “Maybe I came to see you. I tend to stalk when I feel dismissed by a man.” It could happen. It had happened before. With him, even.

Hudson heaved a sigh. “You didn’t come to see me. You arrived on this floor over half an hour ago and are just now coming by my office.”

I spun toward him. “How the fuck do you know everything I do? Jordan? Your security cameras?” I knew it was my bodyguards, but I wanted his confirmation. And saying it out loud, I realized how much the situation ticked me off—if he was watching my every move, I didn’t feel so bad digging into his life. As far as shitty behavior went, the two were on par in my book.

“I’m not going to feel guilty for the lengths I go to in order to protect what’s mine.” He crossed his arms over his chest, his already broad shoulders expanding.

And I didn’t miss his words. I might have licked my lips.

“Alayna?”

I tore my eyes away from him, breaking the hypnotic trance he had me in. “Yours, huh? Don’t make me laugh.” I seemed to be back at the angry phase of grief. It was an interesting and a thrilling change to the constant pain I’d been experiencing.

My rage spurred Hudson’s. “Jesus, how many times do I have to go through this with you?”

“I don’t know.” I shrugged dramatically. “Maybe a couple hundred more times. Because I’m obviously not getting it.”

He turned his back to me, running his hand through his hair. When he faced me again, he was relatively calmer. “Why. Are. You. Here?”

I battled over telling the truth and keeping it to myself just to spite him. My bitchy mood was voting for spite.

But I was fighting for him, not against him. Honesty it was. “I came to see Norma.”

His brows rose. “About Gwen?”

I covered my face with my hands then dropped them. “About you, you dummy. I don’t give a shit about anything but you.” My throat tightened with the truthfulness of my declaration. “Jesus, how many times do I have to go through this with you?” I threw his words back at him. Guess the spite was coming along with the fight. It helped keep away the tears.

“You came to talk to my employee about me?” His eye twitched and his jaw was tense. From my experience, that meant he was pissed. Beyond pissed.

And I’d been going for romantic.

I threw more of his words back. “Don’t guilt me for protecting what’s mine.”

His eyes sparked. That remark hit him—in a good way. In a way I didn’t know I could anymore. As if he were moved by my possessiveness.

I took advantage of his surprise and softened my approach. “I only wanted to see for myself if she was into you. If you had something going with her.”

Bitterness crept back in. With a pointed finger, I said, “And don’t you dare talk to me about trust because you know I get jealous about her, and you aren’t around to help reassure me.”

Every other word I said was pointed and harsh. I’d hated feeling so distraught. This new temperament wasn’t any better, but at least I was getting it out. It was like shedding my skin and underneath was nothing but raw and rugged emotion.

Hudson leaned his hip against the couch, regarding me closely. When he spoke, he was calm and controlled. As always. “Did you get what you came for?”

“I did.”

“And?”

I bit my lip, not wanting to give away any ground. Carefully, reluctantly, I answered. “She thinks a lot of you. She respects you and admires you and she recognizes you’re physically attractive—don’t let that go to your head.”

“But…”

“But she’s not into you anymore. I can see it in her eyes.” It was a fair way to avoid spilling Norma’s secret. Besides, I could see it in her eyes.

“Good. Then you believe the things I’ve told you.” He appeared pleased.

“It was never the things you’ve told me that were the issue. It’s the things you haven’t told me.”

“They aren’t your things to know,” he snapped back.

The sliver of composure I was maintaining disappeared. “What the ever living fuck?” I was infuriated. Enraged. Out of my mind with exasperation. “I could say the same thing about you—spying on me, digging into my history before you’d even met me—maybe I think those aren’t your things to know. Still, you did and do whatever the hell you want with no regard to boundaries or personal space.”

I squared my shoulders and faced him head on. “And while that’s out there, let me be clear—since you aren’t able to explain things to me, I’m digging on my own.”

Concern flashed through his eyes.

It fueled me. I wanted him off kilter. Wanted him where he always had me—flustered and imbalanced. “That’s right. I’ve been through all of the books Celia sent. I’ve been to see Stacy. And Norma. I’m collecting my own facts. Don’t you think it would be better to tell me your secrets than have me find them out on my own?”

“Alayna, stop digging.” He took a step toward me, his voice even but strained.

Why, why, why couldn’t he just tell me what I’d find? “You’re protecting Celia again, aren’t you?”

“Celia’s not who I’m protecting.”

“Who then? Yourself?” I was yelling, not even caring if his doors were solid enough to absorb the sound. “Me?”

He reached for me, grabbing me at the elbow. “You need to leave, now.”

With those five words the anger disappeared and the hurt returned full force. The air left my lungs. My chest constricted. My eyes filled. He wanted me to leave, wanted me gone. And the last thing I wanted was to leave.

We were at such odds. All there was between us lately was struggle. There was never any progress.

I wiped a renegade tear from my cheek. “Shutting me out again. Like you always do. Hiding behind your thick walls. What’s the point of me even fighting for you if you’re never, never going to let me in? Who are you protecting, Hudson? Who?”

His grip on me tightened. “Yes, you, dammit! I’m protecting you. Always you.”

Before I could blink his mouth was on mine, crushing into my lips, bruising me with his abrasive kiss. He tasted of the same neediness that I felt deep in my own belly—of lonely desperation. Of lust and affection that had been bottled for far too long.

My tears halted and my hands flew to his lapels, pulling him to me. I lifted my leg around his, my skirt bunching around my upper thighs. Pressing against him, I tilted my hips, rubbing my core against his erection. He groaned in frustration and I echoed the sound, eager to be even closer, not able to get close enough.

In a blur, he spun me toward the couch. I grasped the back as he removed my panties. He growled when his fingers dipped into my hole and found me wet—soaking wet. Next, I heard the sound of his belt, then his zipper. His palms settled on my ass. Then he drove into me, deep and hard, again and again. He grunted with each thrust, his balls slapping against my ass, his fingers curled around my hips like a vise-grip.

He was fucking me, bent over his couch, and it felt so good and I needed him like that so much. But I couldn’t see his face—not in that position—couldn’t look into his eyes. I knew that he was doing that on purpose, trying to avoid that extra level of intimacy, hoping to make the act just about sex and nothing else.

But it was never just sex with us. It was always something more—a complete and total union of him and me, where we became whole and healed and brilliant. I couldn’t let him succeed in making it less.

Twisting my torso, I reached my hand back to his chest and clutched onto his shirt. His lids had been squeezed shut, but at my grasp, they popped open. I locked my gaze on his. With the contact of my eyes, his drive steadied—still fast, but no longer frenzied. It was the connection I needed. My pussy clenched and I began my ascent. The friction increased as I tightened around him, but he continued at his even pace through the tension until he was spilling his seed with a long stroke and spilling my name on a low groan.

As his orgasm tore through him it spurred mine to higher heights until my head was spinning and my vision blinded. I fell forward on the couch, panting and euphoric. Hudson collapsed on top of me, holding me tight for several beautiful moments while our breathing became regular.

The minute he pulled off and out of me, I straightened and turned into his arms. He welcomed me, tilting my mouth to his. He locked my upper lip in a hard kiss, holding me in place with his hand behind my head. It was different from any kiss we’d shared—our mouths not moving, our bodies held together in a desperate union, as we breathed in and out in tandem.

When we finally broke apart, I wrapped my hands tightly around his neck and kissed along his jaw. “Oh god, I miss you. I miss you so much.”

“Précieux…mon amour…ma chérie…” He ran his hands down my face, caressing my skin with sweet sweeps of his thumb.

He was tender and perfect, and though I was afraid to break the moment, I was more afraid to miss out on the power of our junction. Barely above a whisper, I voiced the question I desperately needed to ask. “When are you coming home?”

He leaned his forehead against mine with a sigh and settled his hands at my neck. “I have to go to L.A. for the weekend.” He tilted his wrist to glance at his watch. “I’m set to leave in about twenty minutes, in fact.”

If it was possible to be both elated and disappointed at once, that’s what I was. He wasn’t pushing me away as he had been the last few days, but if he was coming back, it wouldn’t be tonight.

I proceeded with caution, pressing him to let me in without scaring him off. “Part of your big business thing? With Norma?”

It wouldn’t bother me if she were going. Well, not as much as it would have before I’d spoken to her. I just needed to know the answer.

Hudson stroked my nose with the tip of his. “Yes, with Norma. And after this, if all goes well, we’ll be done.”

I closed my eyes and inhaled him. So close…we were so close to working everything out…I felt it in my heart, felt it in my bones. Would we lose it all because he was leaving now?

Invite me to go with you. I willed him to say the words, Come with me.

He didn’t.

With what felt like great reluctance, he pushed me away. He tucked himself in, zipped up his pants, and stood to face me, his fist on his hip as if trying to decide what to do about a problem that had arose unexpectedly.

It was surprising that I could still be hurt when I was already in so much pain. Wasn’t there a limit? Where the ache would become so unbearable and my spirit would simply cease to go on? If there was a threshold, I hadn’t met it yet. Because that look on his face—it pushed me further into the depth of the hell that I was in. It crushed me.

I didn’t want to be his problem. I wanted to be his life. After all, he was mine.

Then, all of a sudden, everything changed. He dropped his hand to his side and his expression melted and transformed, and for the first time in days, the look in his eyes said I was the center of his world again. The crux of his universe. The core of his existence.

He reached for me, and instantly I was back in his arms. He clutched me tightly to him, with determined devotion. “God, Alayna, I can’t do this anymore.” It was almost a sob. “I can’t bear to be apart from you. I miss you so terribly.”

“You do?” I leaned back to look into his eyes, to see if they told the same story.

He settled his hand at my jaw, his thumb tracing the line of my lower lip. “Of course, I do, precious.” His tone was uneven but sincere. “You’re my everything. I love you. I love you so much.”

My heart thudded in my ears and the world closed in around me as if there were only Hudson and me and nothing else.

He’d said it. He’d said it twice. Said it, and meant it. I felt the sincerity in every cell of my body.

And with just those three little words, the darkness scattered and the sky cleared. The heaviness that had cocooned me for days fell away, and I was left new and beautiful in its place. It was he who’d finally taken the step, had metamorphosed enough to deliver what I needed to hear, but it was me who was now the butterfly—me who could finally soar.

And still, as I was already flying, I needed to be sure. “W-w-what?”

His lips fell into an easy smile. “You heard me.”

“I want to hear it again.” I held my breath, afraid that if I stirred at all that the spell would be broken and I’d be alone in our bed at the penthouse, that all of this would be a dream.

But it wasn’t a dream. And I wasn’t alone. And I was in the arms of the man who was saying once again, “I love you.”

“You love me?”

He brushed his lips over mine. “I love you, precious. I’ve always loved you. From the moment I first saw you. I knew before you did, I think.” He tilted my chin to meet his eyes. “But there are things—things in my past—that have kept me from being able to tell you. And now…I have to do this…this thing. Finish this deal. Then, when I get back, we’ll talk.”

“We’ll talk?” I felt like a parrot, repeating his last words, but I was delirious, my mind hazy with happiness. It was all I could manage.

“I’ll tell you anything you want to know. And if you still want me, I’ll come home.” He swept a strand of my hair behind my ear, seeming to need to keep touching me as badly as I needed to be touched.

God, he’s such an idiot! “Yes, I want you home. Of course I do. We belong there together. There’s nothing you could say that would make me stop loving you. Nothing. I stick, remember?”

He sighed into me. “Oh, precious. I hope that’s true.”

“It is.” It was the truest thing I knew, like the way the sun knew to rise in the morning, the way a rosebud knew to blossom in the spring. He was in my veins, in the innermost recesses of my heart and soul. I’d love him until I died—through death, even. Through fire, through hell. I’d love him through eternity.

And now I believed he might love me that way too.

I dug my fingers into his jacket and shook him softly. “Say it again.”

“You’re such a spoiled girl.” He circled my nose with his. “And I love…spoiling you.”

I leaned back and smacked his chest.

“And I love you.” He pulled me back toward his mouth. “I love you, I love you. I love you.”





Chapter Seventeen





Hudson and I kissed and cuddled right until the moment he was supposed to leave, neither of us wanting to end our reunion. Hand in hand, we walked out of the building together. He invited me to ride with him in the limo to the airport. I considered it, but Norma was accompanying him, and the look in Hudson’s eyes said he’d have his way with me, no matter who was present.

We did get a chance for a goodbye kiss. “I’ll miss you,” he mumbled against my lips.

If he wasn’t going to say it, I would. “You could ask me to come to L.A.”

“Someone keeps reminding me about a club that she has to run…” He ran a hand down my bare arm, sending chills down my spine. “And I’m going to be swamped. Though I’d love you there, you’d be ignored.”

Briefly I wondered if he had an ulterior reason for not wanting me to go with him, but I didn’t let the thought stay. He was right. I had responsibilities at home. His recognition of that was a big step on his part.

But I pouted all the same.

Hudson kissed my forehead. “Don’t pout. Stay here, go to David’s going away party on Sunday, I’ll be back by Monday.”

“Back to the penthouse?” I wanted his reassurance once more. I could bear a few more days if he’d come home for good.

“Back to our house, yes.” He brushed one more kiss against my lips then got in the limo and rode away.





Though Hudson and I were still apart in the literal sense, the fact that we were a couple again made all the difference in our distance. Finally, we were happy and in love. Happy and in love like we’d never been before. I fluttered around work all shift like I had wings. Gwen introduced herself to me, claiming we’d never met. David, on the other hand, spent the evening being glum. He blamed it on his impending move, but I knew it was me. He’d been hoping Hudson and I were over. Thank god we weren’t.

Even across the miles, Hudson showed me things were different. He had flowers sent to work—a bouquet of wildflowers that looked exactly like the patches we’d seen in the Poconos. He also texted me, something he rarely initiated. I’d received several before I had the chance to look at my phone.

Just landed in L.A.

Did you get my flowers?

I had some sent to my room too, so I could think of you.

Are you avoiding me now?

I laughed at his repeat of what I’d said when he hadn’t responded to my texts. Then I sent: Not avoiding you, working. Thnx for the flowers. Keep texting. I’ll read every one.

His next message came immediately, as though he’d been sitting with his phone in his hand, waiting for it to buzz. If that’s a challenge, I accept.

He continued texting me throughout the evening. I responded when I could between the busy Friday nightclub scene. Our messages varied from romantic to sexual to sweet to funny. We acted like a couple in that slaphappy, I-can’t-get-enough-of-you phase that happened at the beginning of relationships. With our untraditional start, we’d never really experienced that. Then we’d had too many walls. But now they were all down—or nearly all down.

On Saturday, more flowers arrived at the penthouse. Then late that afternoon, he did more than text. He called.

I answered on the second ring. “I can’t believe you’re calling me.” Hudson called as rarely as he texted. He was a no-nonsense type of guy. To him, chit-chat was a waste of time.

Now though, he was acting like I was anything but a waste of time.

“I wanted to hear your voice. Digital letters weren’t cutting it any longer.”

Talk about wanting to hear a voice…

His low tenor stirred butterflies to dance in my stomach. “I love hearing you too.” I stretched on the bedroom floor, my legs raised to rest against the bed. “Did you sleep well last night?”

“I did not. I’ve slept horribly every night that I haven’t fallen asleep inside you.”

I couldn’t hide my grin from showing in my voice. “So you’re horny.”

“No, Alayna. If I were simply horny, I could take care of myself.”

That’s something I wouldn’t mind watching.

“It has nothing to do with sex—” He paused. “Well, it only has some to do with sex. It’s connecting with you that I miss.”

Damn, now I was horny. “I get it. I feel the same. When you come back, we’ll connect for hours, how does that sound?” Knowing Hudson, it would be literally hours. We had lots of reconnecting to do.

“It sounds wonderful, precious.” His tone grew serious. “But we still have to talk.”

“We’ll talk. We can connect first and then talk. And then connect some more.” I shook my head as I listened to myself. Usually it was Hudson who was all about the sex.

“You’re insatiable.” He didn’t sound like he minded. “You forget that you may not want to connect after we talk.”

I waggled my eyebrows even though he couldn’t see me. “Another reason to connect before. But I’m not worried about it. Just your willingness to talk is enough.” That wasn’t quite true. “Okay, not exactly enough, but it pleases me. A lot.” And even though I knew whatever he had to say would likely rock me, I was sure that we’d get through it.

Hudson still didn’t believe that. “Hmm,” he said, and I knew he doubted the strength of my love.

Part of me wished he’d just spill his secrets now, over the phone. I was eager to hear what they were, but more than that, I was eager to put him at ease—to prove that I’d stick around.

But I had to start getting ready for work soon. There wasn’t time. And I had the feeling we’d need connecting after his revelation, in whatever form that took.

We sat silently for several seconds, and I worried he was fretting. “What are you thinking about, H?”

“You. Bent over the couch in my office.”

I laughed. “No, you aren’t.”

“Actually, I am. The sounds you made…the way you looked at me…your eyes when I made you come…God, Alayna, do you have any idea how beautiful and sexy you are?”

My face warmed and my toes curled into the comforter. How could he make me blush over the phone? “If I am, it’s because you make me that way.”

“That’s a lie. I never want to hear you say that I’m responsible for your beauty again. I can’t take an ounce of credit for your perfection.”

“But you can take every ounce of credit for my happiness, and that’s much more important to me than beauty.”

He was silent again, and I feared I’d scared him. “What is it, Hudson?”

“I was just wondering what I did to deserve the responsibility of your happiness. I hope that I can live up to the honor.”

Perhaps it had been an ill-timed remark since he’d so recently made me miserable. That was the fact of the matter though—Hudson had the power to lift me to heights I’d never imagined, and that meant he also had the ability to absolutely obliterate me.

Maybe it was a lot of pressure, but it was part of the romantic relationship package. “You deserve the honor just for loving me,” I said softly.

“And love you, I do.” He barely let a beat pass before switching gears. “What are you wearing?”

“Black lacy panties and a camisole.” I pulled the phone from my face to check the time. Shit, I needed to wrap things up soon. “I was just about to jump in the shower when you called.” I rolled to my knees and stood.

Hudson’s next words were a gruff command. “Take off your panties.”

“Oh my god, Hudson, I don’t have time for this.” Though, I was already stripping. For the shower, not for him.

“You have to undress anyway.”

Such a man of reason. “For that alone, they’re off. And now I’m getting off the phone. You’re too distracting for me at the moment.” I walked to the bathroom as I spoke.

“Fine.” Tenderly, he added, “I miss you.”

“I miss you, I love you.”

“I love you first.”

I held on to the handle of the shower door and closed my eyes, relishing his words, breathing them in. “I said it first,” I teased.

“But I meant it first,” he said with finality. “Get in the shower. Don’t touch yourself unless you’re thinking of me.”

“Whom else would I think of, you silly man?” My nipples were already standing at full attention, and even though I was naked, it wasn’t because I was chilled. “I’m letting you know now that I plan to text you throughout the night. Wicked, dirty things. You’ll be desperate for me when you get back.”

“I’m desperate for you now,” he groaned. “Go, before I make you touch yourself with me on the phone.”

With a reluctant sigh, I said goodbye and hung up, catching my face in the mirror as I did. The woman I saw was quite a contrast to the one who’d stood there only the day before. And there would only be one more day—maybe two—before Hudson would be home. I couldn’t wait to see the woman in the mirror then.





By late afternoon on Sunday, I was stir-crazy. Minutes passed like they were wading in molasses. Every time I looked at the clock, it seemed the time hadn’t changed at all. Normally in these situations, I could entertain myself with a movie or a book. But I was too anxious, too ready for Hudson to be home. His texts and calls had occupied the days before, but he’d texted while I was sleeping that he would be in meetings the entire day and unreachable.

I’d already put a run in on the treadmill, and though I considered doing some window shopping, it was Reynold on duty and he was not my favorite companion. At five, I was already completely ready for David’s going away party—two hours early—and couldn’t think of a single thing to distract me from my boredom.

I decided fuck it.

Grabbing my laptop bag, I set the alarm to away and slipped down to the lobby. I knew a text went out to my bodyguards when I set the alarm to home, but I wasn’t sure if it did anything when I left. I stood outside The Bowery for several minutes, waiting to see if Reynold would show up or message me. He didn’t. I scanned my surroundings. Seeing no pesky blondes lurking in the area, I set off for the French bakery on the corner of the block.

Being out on my own felt absolutely amazeballs. It wasn’t that I minded having Jordan and Reynold in tow; it was simply such a pain to arrange outings that spontaneity had lost its place in my routine. The whole need to be protected was Hudson’s idea, anyway. Celia didn’t scare me.

Okay, she scared me, but there was no reason why she should. What the hell could she do to me anyway?

The bakery had very few customers when I arrived. Though I would have liked to sit at one of the outdoor tables, I took my iced tea and a pesto panini and settled in a seat near the side door. If I wasn’t going to have my bodyguard, then I should at least take some additional precautions. Sitting inside was my version of precaution.

After finishing my food, I set up my computer and opened up my email. There were a few items regarding the club, a random e-card from my brother, and an unread message from Stacy. Ignoring everything else, I opened Stacy’s email and scanned it.

I’m still not sure who wrote the emails. Maybe if you looked at one, it would help. Here’s one of the longer ones.

Below her short note was a forwarded message from the H.Pierce email she’d told me about. Other women might have decided that reading the message wasn’t necessary when Hudson was planning a tell-all.

I have never been other women. I read eagerly.

Before finishing the first paragraph, I was convinced the message wasn’t from Hudson. It was too poetic, too flowery. Hudson avoided analogies and figurative language. Even when he was romantic—something he swore he never was—his phrasing was direct and to-the-point.

This letter was composed of everything Hudson wasn’t. There were references to nature and popular music and relatives. The author spoke of his mother as the rock of the family and his father as a compassionate patriarch. Definitely not the Pierces I knew.

It was a section midway through the letter that confirmed without a doubt that the email was not written by Hudson. The paragraph read:

I’ve studied and learned about the world from books and tour packages arranged by and for the discontented rich, but I’d prefer to one day leave all my life and responsibility behind and travel the earth by whim. Right now, I can say that I love Paris and Vienna, but what do I truly know of these cities when I haven’t lived in them, participated in their culture? Words without experience are meaningless.

I read the last line again. “Words without experience are meaningless.” It was a quote from Lolita. There were other lines that seemed familiar, certainly more quips from other literary classics. Hudson Pierce did not read the classics. His library had no books before I’d moved in. Celia, on the other hand…

A flash of movement out the window drew my attention.

I peered out to find that a couple sitting on the other side of the glass was leaving. What kept my focus was the woman at the table behind them.

Goddamn, speak of the devil.

As my eye caught hers, Celia smiled—the same old bitchy smile she always delivered.

I chewed on my lip, deciding what to do. I could continue sitting in the bakery and text Reynold for a ride. Or I could leave and see if she’d follow.

Or I could talk to her.

There wasn’t anything I burned to say to the woman. I knew that any request I made to be left alone would only result in more harassment. And asking her reasons for her actions wouldn’t get me anywhere. Anything she said to me couldn’t be trusted, so what was the point in conversation?

The point was that I was curious. Curious what she’d try to convince me of, what her body language would say.

Before I could talk myself out of it, I threw my bag over my shoulder, grabbed my computer and walked out to the patio.

To her credit, Celia didn’t blink when I sat across from her.

“By all means, Laynie, sit,” she said, her tone pleasant and condescending and a little bit eager, as though she was looking forward to a confrontation. She probably was.

Without any preamble, I turned my laptop to face her and pointed to the email still on the screen. “This is you, isn’t it?”

She scanned a few lines, recognition flashing in her eyes. “I don’t know for the life of me what you’re talking about, Laynie.”

She liked to say my name a lot—it was a trick I’d learned in grad school. When said in the right tone, it made a person feel patronized. She certainly knew the tools of basic manipulation.

But so did I. “That email, Celia. You’re the one who sent it to Stacy. I recognize your choice of literary quotes.”

“Why, that’s crazy.” Her inflection was exaggerated. “This says it’s from Hudson. Did you hack into his email? I hear that’s typical of women with your condition. In fact, Laynie, should you really be sitting with me? I could still file that restraining order.”

I tilted my head, studying her. She wanted me to threaten a restraining order of my own. But we were playing this conversation on my terms. “What I don’t understand is how you got Hudson to go along.”

“Go along with what?” She blinked innocently.

“The kiss.” I turned the screen back to face me and loaded the video. I pushed play and spun it toward her. “This.”

She watched silently, giving nothing away. When it was finished, she raised her eyes to meet mine, her expression suddenly serious. “So you’ve discovered our little secret.”

She wanted me to assume the kiss was real. I didn’t believe it was. “That you played together? Yes.”

She laughed. “Is that what he told you? I suppose he wouldn’t want you to know what we really meant to each other.”

“Ha ha. I don’t buy it.”

“That I was Hudson’s lover? Suit yourself.” She pursed her lips. “It lasted beyond that, you know. Why do you think I had a key to his place? And when I picked him up at the Hamptons—there was no business trip.”

Lies, lies, lies.

I didn’t have any doubt that every word was meant to instigate me. “You’ve fucked with me too many times to believe anything that comes out of your mouth.” I closed my computer and began stuffing it in my bag. There was nothing to learn from her after all.

Celia shrugged. “I could give you proof, if I wanted to. I know all his bedroom moves. Does he dominate you completely? Does he have a nickname for you? Precious, perhaps?”

Unwittingly, my eyes popped up at Hudson’s pet name. How the hell did she know about that? Hudson had promised me it was private.

She caught my reaction. “He does, doesn’t he? Don’t you know that he calls all his lovers precious? Did you think it was just for you? He called me that when he plowed into me over and over on his office desk. ‘My precious, my precious,’ he’d say. I’m sure he simply says it now out of habit.”

It didn’t matter if she was telling the truth or lying. Either way, she’d tainted something sacred. Something that meant a great deal to me. That combined with all the other shit she’d pulled?

I snapped.

“Maybe it wasn’t just for me. But this is just for you.” My hand curled into a fist and flew at her face before she could see it coming. From the cracking sound that accompanied my punch, I guessed that her nose was broken.

“You fucking bitch!” she screamed, her hands holding her nose.

“I was thinking the same about you. Though cunt would have been my choice of noun.”

Blood oozed out from between Celia’s hands. “You want a noun? Try lawsuit.”

That was the last I heard before I darted out the patio gate. Afraid Celia would find someone to come after me, I headed straight for the subway.

A lawsuit, huh? Well, it was fucking worth it.





Chapter Eighteen





I jumped on the first train that was available and found an empty seat in the back, my hands shaking and my heart pounding.

God, what had I done?

I couldn’t decide if I was scared or exhilarated. Probably an equal combination of both. Because, damn. I’d punched Celia Werner. And probably broke her cute little nose. That was surely going to get a cop or two knocking on my door. And, with her power and money, they’d take her charge seriously. I’d had trouble with the law in the past. Having another incident on my record was not something I was looking forward to.

On the other hand—I punched Celia fucking Werner. And holy fuck did it feel good.

I had to do something, tell someone. I considered my options—Brian had always been my go-to person for getting me out of sticky situations. That had been hard on our relationship, and now that we were getting along, involving him wasn’t my ideal choice.

That put Hudson at the top of my list. He was better suited to go up against the Werners. While I was pretty sure that he would be one hundred percent supportive and take care of anything I needed, calling him with the news promised to be embarrassing. Especially since I’d ditched my bodyguard. He wouldn’t be pleased with that.

Cell service was spotty underground, but I managed to get through. Unfortunately, I reached his voicemail. I tried a couple of times with the same result. Hudson had said he had meetings all day. I was sure that was where he was. I chose not to leave a message. Instead, I texted him to call me ASAP and hoped to heaven I got to him before Celia did.

Because she would try to contact him too. Of that I was certain.

And what about what she’d told me? As much as I didn’t want to let her get to me, I couldn’t help but think about the things she’d said. I didn’t automatically believe her—why would I?

But her proof…

I shook off the idea. Somehow she found out about Hudson’s name for me. That had to be it. There was no way he’d called her that too. And, yes, he was dominating in bed, but anyone who knew him would assume that.

The only reason it continued to nag at me was that I still hadn’t heard Hudson’s confession. Was this what he meant to tell me all along? That he’d been with Celia? That he’d slept with her while with me?

I didn’t think so. I didn’t want to think so. It was too easy, too predictable. Hudson was never predictable.

Except if that wasn’t it…

The alternate possibility that had started to form in my mind was worse than what Celia had suggested. Much worse. Like, it would shatter my world to discover it were true. I couldn’t entertain the idea long enough to work through it, even to try and discount it.

So I didn’t think about it at all. Buried it until I had to deal with it. If I had to deal with it.

Meanwhile, I needed someone to give me some advice. Besides Brian, who would know how police handled battery charges? I considered David and Liesl. Mira and Jack were even possibilities. Finally, I settled on someone who I was sure would be able to handle the situation the best.

Jordan answered on the first ring.

“Hey, I know your shift doesn’t start for a bit, but I’m sort of in a situation and I need your help.”

“I can be at the penthouse in twenty-five.”

He was already about to hang up when I stopped him. “Actually, I’m not there. I’m just walking off the subway at Grand Central Station.”

There was only a minor pause before he asked, “Reynold’s not with you?”

“No.” I should have been more regretful, but I wasn’t. “I’ll explain when I see you. Can you come meet me?”

“Yep. In fact, if you’re at Grand Central, I can be there in ten.”

We agreed on a place to meet. Then I hung up and waited for him to show.

True to his word, Jordan was indeed only ten minutes away. He must live nearby. Funny how little I knew about the man.

We found an empty bench and talked without leaving the station. I caught him up quickly, leaving nothing out. Well, very little out. I didn’t mention what it was exactly Celia had said to cause my fist to fly.

Jordan seemed neither surprised nor judgmental of my story. “Have you called Hudson?”

“I tried. I got voicemail.” I’d tried again while waiting for Jordan with the same result.

“That’s fine. It’s really not urgent. Here’s what’s probably going to happen: Celia will likely have gone to the ER. Because of who she is and the pull she has, I’d assume she’d get the police to take her complaint there. With a simple one-swing hit, the cops will often forget the whole thing. They won’t because she’s a Werner.”

“Could I be arrested?” It was the question most pressing on my mind.

He shook his head. “They’ll track you down and give you a court date. No warrants, no arrests. There will be plenty of time for Mr. Pierce to get the whole thing dropped—which he will. You know that, right?”

“I do.” I wrung my hands in my lap. “At least, I think I do. I also feel shitty about being a burden.”

Jordan laughed—I’d never heard him outright laugh. He was nearly as serious and on-task as Hudson. “That man could never think of you as a burden, Laynie. He turned mountains over to get your last charge completely expunged. And the deal he’s working on now has been much more problematic than it will be for him to get rid of any charge from Celia.”

I’d known Hudson had buried my restraining order violation, but Jordan’s last words were news to me. “What does the deal he’s working on now have to do with me?”

He studied me carefully. “I’m sorry, Laynie. That’s going to have to come from him. My point is that you’re not his burden. You’re his reason.”

I savored Jordan’s words. I needed them right then. Especially with Hudson out of reach, I needed the reminder that he was still there for me. “Thank you, Jordan. I appreciate that more than you can understand. Do you know when he’ll be back?”

Jordan’s mouth tightened, and I knew he was being careful how much he said. “Depends on how his meetings go today.”

Why did it feel like everyone knew some big secret about this business deal that I didn’t? Hudson, Norma, even Jordan. From what I’d gathered, it wasn’t anything bad. Then why was I not allowed to know?

Hudson had promised me I could find out anything I wanted to know when we talked. This was definitely going on the list. I’d rather hear things from him than my bodyguard anyway, so I didn’t press.

I checked the clock on my phone. There was only a little over an hour before David’s shindig. Maybe I should just head there. Unless that was going to be a problem. “The club is closed on Sundays, but we’re having a party for my coworker who’s going away. Do you think the police will show up there? I don’t want to ruin anything.”

“Nah. They’ll either show up at the penthouse or wait until normal business hours to find you at work. You’ll be fine.”

“I know I have to face them eventually, but I’d rather not today.” Shit, I was such a coward.

If Jordan agreed with my assessment of myself, he didn’t indicate as such. “Let’s do this: we can take the train back uptown. I’ll leave you at The Sky Launch—I don’t expect Ms. Werner to show up and bother you tonight.”

“No. Not likely.” Though, I wouldn’t mind seeing how much damage I’d actually incurred. Just thinking about it brought a smile to my face.

“The car is parked at the penthouse. I’ll go and get it and come back to the club. Then we can leave whenever you want.” Jordan casually watched the subway passengers as they walked past us. Or it appeared casual. The more I learned about him, the more I realized nothing he did was casual.

And he was always thinking. “I bet that the police will stop by tomorrow morning, Laynie. If you prefer to stay away from them until Mr. Pierce gets back, I could take you to the loft tonight after the party instead.”

“That’s not a bad idea. I’ll consider it.” Except I hoped that when I finally reached Hudson, he’d take care of things for me so I wouldn’t have to hide out anywhere.

But even if Hudson could get rid of a battery charge, he couldn’t protect us from her forever. He hadn’t been able to stop her stalking. Surely now she’d up her game. I thought of Jack’s advice from our lunch—the only way to get rid of her was to let her think she’d won. Punching her in the face definitely wasn’t letting her win. By striking against her, had I made the worst move possible? More than ever I feared that Celia Werner would be a permanent fixture in my future. Could Hudson and I survive that?





The problem with holing up at The Sky Launch was that I wasn’t in the mood to be there. Fortunately, I didn’t have to do anything for the party except open the doors for the caterers. Hudson had arranged the whole thing, including an open bar. It was beyond generous on his part—probably his way of apologizing for the circumstances in which David was leaving.

Everyone on staff had been allowed a plus one. With David’s friends and the few regulars that had been invited, the total guest list numbered around a hundred. It was a true party. The whole thing might have been fun if my plus one was there. But he wasn’t. And by ten, I still hadn’t heard from him.

“Put the fucking phone down and boogie with me,” Liesl urged. I’d filled her in on the day’s events when she arrived. Her feeling was that if I was going to face policemen tomorrow, I should party harder tonight.

She and I were definitely different people.

“Laynie, I love you and I’m here for you if you truly need me. But you seem to have moping down on your own so I’m going to leave you to it and go have a good time.” She tugged at a strand of my hair. “Forgive me?”

“Totally forgive you. Go. Have fun.”

She gave me a peck on the lips and joined a raucous group in the center of the floor. I tried not to feel abandoned. It wasn’t Liesl I wanted anyway.

Determined to not spoil the evening for anyone else, I sat curled up on one of the sofas that lined the main floor and nursed my champagne while I watched the crowd dance and mingle in front of me. It was probably a good idea for me to sit out anyway. Most of them were my employees, after all. There should be a level of separation and respect.

I wondered how much respect I’d get if they all watched me get dragged out in handcuffs.

Stop it, I scolded myself. Jordan said there’d be no arrests, and Hudson would fix everything before it came to a head, though it wouldn’t surprise me if Celia reported my assault to the media.

God, the media!

I closed my eyes, wincing at the thought. Please, Hudson, call me. Please!

“Mind if I join you?” a voice shouted over the pulsing beat.

Opening my eyes, I found Gwen in front of me.

She was already taking a seat before I answered. “By all means, join me.” I scanned the room again. Though not everyone was dancing, I appeared to be the only loner. Was that why Gwen had come over?

Fuck, I hoped not. I wasn’t in the mood to be jollied up. Might as well let her know that right off the bat. “Why aren’t you out there?” Maybe she’d get the hint and join the crowd on the dance floor.

She furrowed her brow and I realized that the drink in her hand had not been her first. If she wasn’t drunk already, she was on her way. “I’m not really into…” She trailed off as if forgetting what she was saying.

I finished for her. “Dancing?”

“Actually, I was going to say people.” She added an amendment. “Besides, they’re our employees. It doesn’t seem right to party hard with them tonight when I might be writing them up tomorrow.”

Damn, she was a good manager. “Gwen? I’m starting to like you. What’s up with that?”

She almost laughed. “I’m sure it won’t last. Give it time.” Her words were heavy, as if she had a sad story to back them up. Or perhaps she was simply a somber drunk.

If she wasn’t outright going to share, I wasn’t going to ask. I had my own problems. For the tenth time in fifteen minutes I hit the screen of my phone, checking for a missed call or text.

Nothing.

Jordan had already returned with the car and was now hanging out in the employee lounge watching something on PBS. I shot him a message: Any word from Hudson?

His reply came fast. Nope. West coast is 3 hours behind. It’s only six there. Give him time.

It had already been five hours since I first texted Hudson to call me. How much time did he need?

Gwen interrupted my thoughts. “You keep checking that thing. Are you expecting a better offer?”

With a sigh, I stuffed my phone in my bra. “Just waiting for Hudson to call. He’s in L.A. for a couple of days. I hadn’t realized I’d been so obvious.”

She groaned. “God, you’re so lovesick, it’s disgusting.”

I tilted my head. “Do you not approve of me with Hudson?”

Gwen shrugged. “I don’t give a flying fig about you and Hudson. It’s love I don’t approve of. I get it enough with Nor—” She stopped, catching herself before she finished her sister’s name. “Anyway. Seems there’s love all around. I’m over it.”

She didn’t know I was already aware of Norma and Boyd’s fling. I didn’t bother to tell her. It was her anti-romance attitude that intrigued me. Did she feel abandoned by her sister since she’d started fooling around with her assistant? Knowing almost nothing about Gwen, it was hard to say.

Then it hit me. “Ooh, Gwen’s got a heartache story.” Things were clicking in place. For the first time that evening, I felt slightly interested in something other than myself. “Is that why you were so eager to leave Eighty-Eighth Floor?”

Her eyes glossed over, whether from memory or alcohol, I wasn’t sure. She opened her mouth to say something. Then her focus returned. “Nice try. I’m drunk, but I’m not that drunk.” She took another swallow of her Wild Turkey and glanced at my half-full glass of champagne. “Speaking of which, why don’t you join me on the intoxicatrain?”

“Not much of a drinker.” With my low tolerance, I was already feeling a little tipsy, and I planned on being sober when I talked to Hudson.

“Hmm.” She looked me over as if sizing me up. Then her attention went to the crowd tearing it up on the dance floor. She took another swallow of her drink. “I heard you saying something about addiction to Liesl. Are you a former alky?”

I laughed. She was as curious about me as I was about her. Perhaps if I spilled my story, she’d spill hers. Except at the moment, bonding wasn’t exactly on my priority list. “Uh-uh. Not happening. You have your secrets, I have mine.”

Gwen smiled. “I’m good with that.”

“So this is where the party is.” David leaned over the back of the sofa between our heads.

“Ha ha. Sarcasm. Nice.” Gwen finished off her glass and set it on the table next to her.

David ignored Gwen and turned his attention to me. “This night is supposed to be my last chance with my favorite people. And my most favorite people is over here moping. What’s up with that?”

His reference to me as his favorite people made me tense only slightly. He was on his way out of town. No need to worry about his intentions.

And he was right. This night was about him, not me. “Shit, I’m sorry, David. This is supposed to be a party, and I’m crashing it with my bad mood.”

He crossed around in front of the sofa and sat on the low table in front of us. “Why are you in a bad mood, anyway? You were so…peppy…the last two days.” His brows lifted, hopeful. “Trouble in paradise?”

It was sweet how he never stopped trying. “I hate to disappoint you, but I don’t think so.” Though telling Hudson about my lapse in self-control might alter that.

Why hadn’t he called yet? And did Jordan really know how the NYC legal system worked?

I bit my lip with worry. “There is the fact that I could be arrested soon.” It was easier to let info slip with David than Gwen.

David glanced questioningly at Gwen. “Don’t look at me,” she said with a shrug. “She doesn’t tell me jack shit.”

He wrapped his hands around the edges of the table on either side of him. “I think I need to hear more.”

For half a second I considered spilling it all. But that wasn’t fair to David. He’d been a good manager and a good friend. Was this any way to send him off?

“No, you really don’t need to hear more. Forget I said anything. Please. I’m being melodramatic.” Hopefully.

“Let me know if I can do anything?” That was David. Never the type to push or pry. At one time, I’d fooled myself into thinking that could be enough for me. That he’d be safer. That he was the guy that would keep me sane.

Now I knew differently. Though Hudson pushed and pried and drove me crazy, he was the nearest thing to clarity I knew.

That was why I needed him so desperately at the moment.

But sitting around lamenting his absence wasn’t going to bring him to me. And it was a hell of a lousy way to say goodbye to my friend.

Putting on the happiest face I could muster, I set my glass down. “You know what you can do, David? You can cheer me up.” I stood up and nodded toward the floor. “Let’s dance, shall we?”

“I thought you’d never ask.”

Instead of joining the rest of the crowd in the center of the floor, we stuck to an empty corner. A few minutes into the dance mix of David Guetta’s Titanium, I felt better. It had been forever since I’d let myself loose, since I’d stopped worrying and fretting and just lived in the moment. I closed my eyes and let the beat overtake me, let my feet and hips move as they liked. Sweat gathered at my brow and my breath got short, but I was alive—alive in the way that only the club made me. Soon my anxiousness dissolved and all I was thinking about was the present—the music, the lights flashing around us, the friend standing in front of me. It was exactly what I needed.

I wasn’t sure how long we’d been dancing or how many songs had played before the DJ faded into a slow song. The club never played slow songs. I looked to David, my brow raised.

“Someone must have requested it.” He held his hand out for me. “Let’s not waste it, shall we?”

A voice in my head nagged that it was a bad idea. If David had asked for the song to be played—and I was certain he had—then he’d meant it for me. He’d meant it as a means to get me in his arms. It would be wrong—I had a boyfriend that I loved with my entire being. Hudson wouldn’t like it, and that was reason enough to not engage. Every impulse in my body said to walk away.

Except there was a flicker of emotion in my chest that I couldn’t ignore—a need for closure, perhaps, or a touch of melancholy for what once was or what could have been. Or maybe it was simply the alcohol and the adrenaline and the need for someone to hold me after all the stress and anxiety of the day.

And Hudson wasn’t there, so what could one dance hurt?

Without another thought, I took David’s hand and let him pull me into his arms. He was warm in a way that I’d forgotten. Like a giant teddy bear. He wasn’t nearly as cut or as trim as Hudson, but he was strong and easy to fall into.

I rested my head on his shoulder as we swayed together. Closing my eyes, I listened to the words of the song and relaxed into our final embrace. The singer was familiar, but I couldn’t remember his name. He sang to his love, telling her that she was in his veins, that he could not get her out.

They were words that made me think of Hudson. He was so deeply imprinted on me that he’d seeped through my skin and into my veins. He was my life force, each pulse of my heart sending another shock of love through my body.

Was this how David felt about me?

A strange mixture of panic and sorrow and a little bit of contentment washed over me as I realized that it was exactly how David felt about me. If I had any doubt, it was cleared when he began singing the words at my ear. “I cannot get you out.”

I stopped moving with him and leaned back to look at his eyes. He knew, right? Knew that this was wrong, that I was spoken for? That I didn’t feel the same way about him?

If he did know, he didn’t care. He pressed forward, taking my lips in his before I knew what was happening. His kiss was shocking and unwelcomed. Immediately I pushed him away.

The sadness in David’s eyes pierced through me. I knew that depth of heartache. It tore me up to know I was the cause of his.

There was nothing I could do for it but shake my head and bite back tears.

David started to speak—to apologize maybe, or to try to persuade me to give him a chance. Before he said anything, though, his eyes moved upward to a point behind me, his expression stricken with alarm.

I knew without looking who was standing behind me. Wasn’t it fate’s sick way of paying me back for all the shit I’d pulled in my lifetime? Put the person who I wanted most in the situation I wanted him in the least? That’s why he hadn’t returned my call, why I couldn’t reach him—he’d been coming home.

Slowly, I turned toward him. His jacket was off, his shirt wrinkled from traveling. He’d loosened his tie and his jaw had a layer of end-of-day scruff. It was his face that I focused on, though. The pain in David’s eyes was nothing compared to what I found in Hudson’s. The anguish there was unbearable, his expression filled with so much pain I wondered if there could be any balm to soothe it.

For the second time that night I asked myself, god, what have I done?





Chapter Nineteen





I swallowed back the panic that surged through me. I could fix this. I had to be able to fix this.

“Hudson.” I took a step toward him. “It’s not what it looks like.” I didn’t actually know what it looked like, having no idea how long he’d been standing there. Did he see that I’d pushed David away?

His face was stone. “Maybe we should discuss this in a more private setting.”

“Okay.” It was more a squeak than a word. But I headed toward the employee office and assumed he’d follow.

He did.

We took the stairs without speaking. I didn’t feel his eyes on me as I walked. He didn’t even want to look at me. Despair washed over me. I’d been so desperate for him, and now I’d fucked it up. Again.

I didn’t turn to face him again until he’d shut the door behind us in the office. When I did, I almost wished I hadn’t. The forlorn look I’d seen downstairs was even worse than I’d remembered. Was there really anything I could say to erase that?

With feeble words, I tried. “He kissed me, Hudson. I didn’t kiss him. And when he did, I pushed him away.” It was the truth. If he’d been there long enough, he’d have seen it.

“Why were you in his arms in the first place?” His tone was low and gravelly. It was more emotion than he generally displayed, and it killed me.

A tear trickled down my face. “We were dancing. It was a party.”

His eyes flared. “You were in his arms, Alayna. In the arms of someone who has made no secret of his feelings for you. What did you think he’d do?”

He was right on many counts. I’d known it was dangerous, felt the wrongness of the embrace from the minute David put his arms around me.

But my intentions had not been to lead him on. It was a goodbye dance. My thoughts had been focused on Hudson the whole time. “It was innocent,” I insisted. “I needed someone. He was here. And you weren’t.”

The memory of the anxiousness that had driven me to David’s arms in the first place turned my tears bitter. “Where were you today, anyway? When I needed you?”

He matched my bitterness plus some. “What was it you needed, Alayna? Someone to keep you warm?”

I pressed my lips together, hoping to squelch the sob threatening to escape. “That hurts.”

“What I just witnessed hurts.”

That wasn’t news, but hearing him say it twisted my heart all the same. I’d experienced that same hurt—when I’d seen him kissing Celia on the video, then again earlier today, when she’d suggested they’d had an affair. Perhaps it wasn’t fair to compare her probable lies with what he’d witnessed in person, but he had to see where I was coming from. “Yeah, I know how it feels.”

“Do you?” Even that tiny phrase was filled with enough venom to smart.

It triggered more of my own snark. “Yeah, I do. Let me see if I can explain it. It feels like your gut has been wrenched out of your body. At least that’s what it felt like when Celia told me that you’d been fucking her for most of the time we’ve been together.”

“What?” He seemed truly surprised, and not in the I’ve-been-caught way, but in the what-the-eff-is-she-talking-about way. It was the same expression he’d had when I’d mentioned him having more of an involvement with Stacy. “When did she say that?”

“Today,” I grumbled, already regretting bringing Celia up this way.

“You saw her today?” His eyes narrowed. “Does this have something to do with the phone message she left me?”

“I knew she’d call you!” And if she had, why hadn’t he called me? “What did she say?”

He shook his head dismissively. “She was raving nonsense. Something about you and her lawyer. I figured it was more of her shit from before so I deleted it.”

Hudson took a step toward me, and I noticed his eyes had softened, that instead of pain the predominant feature was now worry. “What happened with her? Was she following you again? What did she do? And why didn’t Reynold call me?”

I leaned on the desk behind me. “He didn’t know.” Guilt pressed on my chest, not only for ditching my bodyguard, but for Hudson’s willingness to set aside his ache out of concern for me.

The expression on his face magnified my shame. “Please don’t look at me like that. I’m sorry. I was stir-crazy so I grabbed my computer and went for coffee. I thought when I set the alarm to away that Reynold might notice, but I guess it didn’t inform him.”

Hudson’s mouth tightened. “It only texts when you set it for home.”

I was a little surprised that he hadn’t set the system to monitor all my comings and goings. It wasn’t like him. At a more appropriate time, I’d try to remember to be impressed. “Anyway, I just went to the bakery down the street. And Celia showed up. And I was sick of it. So I approached her.”

“You approached her?” Not only was his eye twitching and his jaw tense, but his hand was shaking as well. I hadn’t seen that from him before. Was he that angry?

“I did. It was stupid. I know it was stupid. But Stacy had sent me one of the emails that you had supposedly sent her, and I was reading it, and I could tell it wasn’t from you. I recognized one of the quotes used from one of the books Celia highlighted, and I knew the email was from her. So I confronted her about it. About writing the email.” The story spilled out in babble that I wasn’t even sure he could comprehend.

Apparently he did. “And she told you then that I was with her? Just out of the blue?”

I cringed. He wouldn’t like what I had to say next, but it was best to get it all out. “First, I showed her Stacy’s video.” After checking for his reaction, which I couldn’t read, I went on. “Then she said that you were together. That you were a couple. That you fucked her that night and it wasn’t the first time and it wasn’t the last.”

If Hudson’s face grew any redder, steam would come out of his ears. “And you believed her?”

I squared my shoulders. “It pissed me off enough that I punched her.” Yeah, I admit it, I sounded proud.

“You punched her?” There went the steam.

That hadn’t been the reaction I’d wanted. “You know what? Keep acting like this is an interrogation and I’m out of here.”

Hudson paced the room, pushing his hands through his hair. When he stopped to focus on me again, he’d regained some composure, though his shoulders were still tight and his voice strained. “I’m sorry if I sound a bit tense, Alayna. I assure you it’s only out of concern for you.”

I studied him for several seconds. It was out of concern—I saw it now. His eyes were pinned on me, his shaking wasn’t out of anger; it was fear. Fear for me. The extent that he cared for me was limitless. It was as obvious as the color of his eyes.

The realization calmed me. I pulled back every ounce of snark and venom and gave him raw honesty in its place. “Yes, I punched her. I think I broke her nose. So I’m probably going to get some sort of assault charge for that. That’s why I needed you.”

“Alayna.” His eyes radiated with love. “Why didn’t you call me?”

“I did! Your phone was off. I could have left a message, but I didn’t want to say all that over voicemail, and I didn’t want to interrupt your meeting because I knew it was important.”

“Not as important as you.” He wanted to come to me—the urge was palpable. But there was still that other thing hanging in between us—the moment he’d walked in on—and so he sat on the arm of the couch instead, his hands playing with the bunched fabric of his slacks. “Have the police contacted you?”

I shook my head. “I was afraid to go back to the house so I came here to wait for your call.”

His eyes settled on his shoes. “I got your text when I was already in flight. I didn’t call because I knew I’d end up telling you I was on my way home, and I wanted it to be a surprise.” He laughed gruffly. “I took a nap instead. I should have called.”

Now it was my eyes that studied the floor. “I should have kept my cool.”

“I’ll take care of everything. Don’t worry about it in the least. She’s not going to bother you again.”

He said it with such conviction that I had no choice but to believe him. He’d find a way to protect me from Celia. I simply had to comply with the parameters he set to keep me safe. If I’d done that to begin with, she wouldn’t have had the opportunity to push me, and Hudson wouldn’t have to bail me out of my mess.

Gratitude and relief swept through me, along with a twinge of regret. “Thank you.”

And then a whole bunch more regret followed. If I hadn’t punched Celia, would I have ended up in David’s arms? Something told me probably not. Either way, the weight of what Hudson had witnessed was immensely heavy. “Hudson,” my voice trembled. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. Good for you, actually. She deserves worse.” He even managed to smile as he said the last part.

I wanted to smile with him. But I couldn’t. Not yet. “I mean, I’m sorry about David.”

“Oh.” His face grew grim and the pain from earlier resurfaced. His next words were careful and precise and burdened. “Tell me one thing—do you still feel anything for him?”

“No. No, I don’t. Nothing. I’ve told you that before, and I meant it, though I’m sure it doesn’t seem like it seeing me tonight. But the whole time he was holding me, it felt wrong. All I could think about was you. I was missing you, H. Needing you. So much. And I didn’t think about what I was doing. I’m so, so, sor—”

He flew to me before I could finish, wrapping his arms around me.

Yes, that was how it was supposed to feel, that was what I’d been longing for.

He buried his face in my hair. “I missed you too, precious. Needed you. I was trying to get back here—”

“And I ruined your surprise.” I nuzzled further into his chest. “I’m so sorry.”

“I don’t care. It hurts, but I’ve hurt you. And as long as you swear that he means nothing—”

“Nothing. I swear with every fiber of my body, it’s only you.” I tilted my head up to kiss along his jaw. “How about you—” The question threatened to stick in my throat, but I forced it out. “Do you still feel anything for Celia?”

His body stiffened. Leaning back to meet my eyes, he said softly, “Alayna…I’ve never felt anything for Celia.”

“You mean, it was just sex?” They were things I had to ask, even if the answers were already clear.

He shook his head slowly. “I’ve never been with her at all.”

“She was lying.” It wasn’t a question. I’d already suspected she’d made it up.

He confirmed anyway. “She was lying.”

“That’s what I thought.” It should have been a relief. Why did my acceptance of this only bring a pit of dread?

Because if that wasn’t what he had to confess to me about the video, then there was still a truth I had to learn. Something told me I already knew. The alternative explanation that I’d managed to tuck away earlier returned to niggle at me. And this time it wouldn’t let go until I explored it fully.

Gently—reluctantly—I pushed my way out of his arms. “But here’s the thing—I sort of wish it were true.”

He raised a questioning brow.

“Not that you were sleeping with her while we were together—not that part. But the rest of it—that you were really with her when Stacy saw you. If that was the truth, I could accept it. Don’t get me wrong—the idea of you with her, fucking her—it torments me. It really does.” Like, actually produced bile in my mouth. “But I think I always knew you were never with her. It’s in your eyes—both now and in that video.”

Hudson’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. “I wasn’t. I was never with her.”

I continued to stare at his neck. It was easier than looking at his eyes where dark storms were beginning to gather. “And that means that the thing with Stacy was a scam. Of course it was. I wanted to think it was just Celia in on it, and you were protecting her. But you said you weren’t and you did go along enough to stage that kiss. You were part of it.”

I paused, letting what I’d said sink into my consciousness, tasting the truth of the words that still lingered in my mouth. “I thought for a minute that might be your secret. Except it’s not it. I mean, yeah, that’s shitty that you did that to her, but I knew you had those things in your past. And you knew that I knew those things. If that were all there was to learn from that video, you would have told me. There had to be more you were hiding.”

Finally, with great effort, I raised my eyes to his. “It’s because of what night it was, the night of the symposium, isn’t it? I considered that you didn’t want me to know that you were still manipulating people for fun that recently, but now I don’t think that’s all of it either.”

“Alayna…” Even though only a whisper, there was weight to his single word. It was cautionary, it was pleading. It said, don’t go here, even though we were always headed there, from the second he first laid eyes on me. It was fated that we’d arrive at this moment, and whether we wanted to face it or not, here it was.

“It’s not the video itself. It’s what happened after.” I spoke as if I was just figuring it out, but really, it had always been there, buried in my subconscious where I didn’t have to deal with it. I knew. I’d always known what I was only now able to admit.

Hudson repeated my name, calling for my attention, but I was no longer focused on him.

“If Celia was there with you outside the symposium…then doesn’t it make sense that she went in with you? And if she went in with you, she was there when you first saw me. And if you were still playing people together…”

My skin broke out in goose bumps as a chill ran down my spine and a wave of nausea wracked through my body. A ringing began in my ears, and somewhere behind that I could hear Hudson still speaking.

“I was going to tell you,” he seemed to be saying. “I came back to tell you.”

I searched his face, barely registering his fragmented explanation as the truth settled over me.

“It’s my worst mistake, Alayna.” He stepped toward me, his face twisted in anguish, his voice desperate. “The most horrible of all the things I’ve done. My biggest regret, although it’s what gave me you and for that I’m forever grateful. But I never knew what I’d feel for you. I never knew that I could hurt you that much, and that I would care that I did. Please, Alayna, you have to understand.”

I was beginning to understand. With shocking clarity. “That’s what I was, wasn’t I?” I wasn’t really asking anyone. “A game. Your game. Together.” My legs went weak and I fell to the floor. “Oh god. Oh god, oh god.”

“Alayna—” Hudson fell to his knees and reached for me.

I scrambled away, my entire body shaking. “Don’t touch me!” I screamed. I couldn’t tell if he’d stopped moving toward me or not—my vision was blinded with fury and pain. My stomach twisted as though I might vomit and my head—my head couldn’t process, couldn’t think.

It didn’t help that Hudson refused to let me have a minute to hear my own thoughts. “It wasn’t what you think, Alayna. Yes, it started as a game. As Celia’s game. But I only went along because it was you. Because I was so enamored with you.”

I stared at him, blinking until my vision cleared. Then it was as if I were seeing him for the first time. I’d known this was his M.O. How could I have ignored that this exact situation was a possibility? Our beginning had been strange and unusual. He’d bought the club. Then he’d hired me to break up his engagement—an engagement that wasn’t ever a real thing. Why had I not questioned the bizarreness of it before?

And now he was trying to reason with me. My stomach wrenched tighter and I began to dry heave.

“Alayna, let me—”

I held a hand out to stop him from coming toward me. “I don’t want your help,” I said when the heaving subsided. With the back of my hand, I wiped the spit from my mouth. “I want fucking answers.”

“Anything. I told you I’d tell you anything.” His words tumbled out as if he thought that answers might benefit him.

I already knew there was nothing he could say to fix this. That every answer would likely be more painful than the last. Still I had to know everything.

I bent my fingers into the carpet, trying to grasp onto something to give me strength. “You were enamored with me?” The phrase was sour on my tongue. “So you decided to fuck with me?”

“No.” He sat back on his haunches and shoved both hands through his hair. “No, I wanted to get near you, and her plan was an excuse.”

“And what was her plan? ‘That girl presenting now. Make her fall in love with you and’…what?”

He shook his head fiercely, emphatically. “No, it didn’t happen like that. It wasn’t like that.”

I slammed a fist into the floor. “Then what was it like? Tell me!”

He clambered to find his words. I’d never seen him so lost, so off-balance, so miserable. “I saw you, like I’ve told you, and I was drawn to you. Completely drawn to you. I’ve never lied about that.”

“Drawn to me so you decided to destroy me.” And it had worked, hadn’t it? Because here I was, completely destroyed.

Hudson shook his head again. “This isn’t how I wanted to tell you. It’s not coming out right at all.”

“You mean if you told it another way, you could manipulate it to make it sound better.” I was shaking so badly, my teeth chattered as I spoke.

He winced as if I’d slapped him across the face. “I deserve that. But that’s not what I meant.” He inched closer, then stilled when my expression told him not to dare move nearer. “Let me tell it the way it was. Please. It won’t be better. It will still be awful, but it will be accurate.”

I leaned my back against the desk front, not wanting to hear more, needing to hear it all. “I’m waiting.”

He ran his tongue along his lips. “I saw you. And Celia noticed, I think. Noticed me noticing you. A few days later, she showed up with information about you.”

“She showed up with information?” My interruption shook him from what I’d guessed was a memorized script. Too goddammed bad. I wasn’t about to let any of it be easy for him.

“Yes, Celia had investigated you. It wasn’t me. She had your police record and the restraining order, plus a copy of your mental health record.”

Another wave of nausea rippled through me as I thought about Celia being the one to uncover my secrets. As I pictured her running to Hudson with the information of my worst sins.

He seemed to read my disgust, seemed to want to ease it. “It was in complete opposition to what I’d seen of you, Alayna. Everything she’d gathered—that wasn’t the strong, confident woman we’d seen at the symposium. It was obvious those things existed in your past. You were better. I saw that.”

“I was better.” I said it defiantly, even though it was exactly what he’d just said. “I was.”

“Yes. You were. It was evident.” He took a breath. “Her theory, though, was that you could be broken again.” His eyes flared. “I didn’t agree.”

He let those words hang in the air, waiting for them to sink in.

But what did he expect that I’d do? Stand up and give him a fucking medal because he’d wagered on my side? Because he’d assumed that he couldn’t break me?

He’d still tried!

Anyway, he’d been wrong. He had gone beyond breaking me. He’d shattered me.

He kept talking, my brain barely computing his words. “That was the bet. She made up the whole idea to have you break up our nonexistent engagement. After a time, I was to end things with you, naturally. Say that the farce was no longer necessary. Then we’d wait and see what happened.” He paused to find his words. “But I didn’t ever feel—”

I cut him off. “So all of it was a scam. Every single part of us was a lie.” My speech was labored as I forced out words that I could never have imagined saying.

“No!” He was animated, passionate. “Even in the beginning, it was never about the game. Not for me. I wasn’t supposed to seduce you. I wasn’t supposed to fall in love with you. And I did both before you’d even agreed to play along.”

I tilted my chin up, the only challenge I could muster besides my heated words. “But you didn’t fall in love with me. There’s no way, because you don’t do shit like that to people you love!”

“I’d never been in love, Alayna! I didn’t understand what I was feeling. I only knew I had to be with you and this was the way to do it.” His voice cracked. “I’m not excusing what I did, but I’m explaining. I’m pleading for you to try to…to try and…”

“And what? See it from your point of view? Forgive you?” Bitterness dripped from me. There wasn’t anything else inside me. I couldn’t even cry.

I cocked my head and met his eyes, making certain my next words were clearly understood no matter how I stuttered to get them out. “This is unforgiveable, Hudson! There is no moving forward from this.”

“Don’t say that. Don’t ever say that.” His tone was urgent and remorseful. Pained.

I didn’t fucking care. Let him hurt. I was glad for it, if that’s even how he really felt. I’d hurt him further if I could. I did my best to try. “What is it exactly that you don’t want to hear, Hudson? That I can’t forgive you? I can’t. I can’t forgive this. Ever.”

“Alayna, please!” He started for me again.

I kicked at him, managing to connect a foot with his upper arm. “We’re over. Over! Don’t you get it? There’s no fucking way to ever trust you again after this!”

He sat back again. He could have easily overcome me if he’d kept trying. Even when I was upset and pumped with adrenaline, he was stronger than me. I couldn’t even gather an ounce of gratefulness for it though. He owed me that. He owed me more.

I didn’t trust that he wouldn’t try once more, and the last thing I wanted was his touch. In fact, I couldn’t even look at him. I had to go. Placing a hand in front of me, I pushed myself up to stand. “I’m leaving now. Don’t try to stop me. Don’t come after me.” It took great effort, but finally I was on my feet. “We’re done.”

Hudson followed me up. “We aren’t done, Alayna. This isn’t over. We’ve rebuilt trust after you’ve broken—”

I spun toward him. “Don’t even fucking compare what I’ve done to this! My mistakes are not even in the same category. This is the worst thing. The worst thing you could...I can’t even…I can’t breathe…” I leaned over, placing my palms on my thighs, trying to get air into my lungs.

He settled a hand on my back, leaning in to check on my breathing.

I shrugged him off. “Don’t,” I seethed with what air I could find. “Don’t ever again. Don’t touch me. Don’t call. Don’t try to reach out to me. This is over, Hudson. Over! I can’t see you anymore.” I’d been numb before, but now I felt volcanic, explosive. Everything inside—I wanted it out. Wanted to retch up every single speck of emotion I had about Hudson, good and bad. I yearned to be free of it all.

And yet the feeling went on. Endless and deep and unbearable.

“Don’t say that, Alayna. Tell me how to fix this. Please.” Hudson’s despair echoed my own. “I’ll do anything. There has to be a way.”

I reached my hand out to the desk for support. “How? Tell me how there could possibly be a way to go on together after this?” I wasn’t even sure I’d be able to go on at all after this.

“I don’t have all the answers yet. But we can work on it together. We fix each other, remember?” Hudson curled his hands into fists, straightened them, then curled them again. “I love you, Alayna. I love you—that has to mean something.”

For so long I’d waited to hear him talk of his love. Now, he said it freely, and it felt like a complete mockery of everything I’d yearned for him to express. “Right now it really doesn’t.”

“Please. You can’t mean that.” He reached for me yet again, his grasp circling my wrist.

With a scream, I yanked my arm away. “Get your fucking hands off me!”

He put his hands up in the air, in surrender. Then he let them fall to his side. He took a step backward. “You said,” he paused, “you said you could love me through anything…”

I’d been waiting for him to throw that back at me. Honestly, I was surprised he hadn’t mentioned it earlier. “Since everything you said turned out to be a lie, I don’t feel like I’m obligated to honor my promise either.”

Obligated or not, I did still love him. If I didn’t, then I wouldn’t feel this way. Every molecule in my body wouldn’t be consumed in despair. That was the joke of the whole thing—I’d kept my promise. I did still love him through this horrible, fucked up thing he’d done to me.

But it didn’t matter. Not anymore. Not when everything that my love was based upon was a sham.

There was a short knock followed by the opening of the office door. David stuck his head in. “Are you okay, Laynie?”

Had he heard me screaming a moment before? Or had he simply decided enough time had passed that he should check on me? Either way, I’d never been more grateful for the sight of him. “No. I’m not okay.”

David looked from me to Hudson, not sure what to do.

Hudson tried once more. “Alayna…”

I had no more words for him. Nothing left to say, nothing left to give. I simply shook my head once. I was done. That was all.

He continued to plead with his eyes for long seconds. After a while, he lowered his head. “I’ll leave.” Hudson turned to David. “I’m sorry to put a damper on your party. Thank you for looking out for her.”

He turned to look one last time at me, his expression filled with sorrow, regret, and longing. I knew he believed that I’d run to David after he left, and that the idea pained him even further. He was making a huge sacrifice leaving me with David alone.

But his sacrifice was a classic example of too little, too late.

So he was hurt? Too fucking bad. I was destroyed.

I turned away, not able to look at him any longer. I knew he was gone when David put his arms around me. I let him hug me for a moment, but contrary to what Hudson believed I’d do, I wasn’t interested in seeking comfort from David. All I wanted to do was go somewhere and cry until the pain in my chest, in my head, in my bones, didn’t threaten to pull me under anymore.

I wasn’t sure it was even possible. I suspected that in reality I’d hurt—hurt hard—for a very, very long time.

“What can I do?” David asked as I pulled away.

I wiped a stream of tears from my face. “Get Liesl, please.”





Chapter Twenty





Liesl was an angel.

She calmed me down enough to get me out of the building without drawing attention from the employees. I barely had the strength to walk, and she let me lean on her as we went to the curb and got into the cab that David hailed for us. She didn’t make any jabs about being pulled away early from the party, nor did she try to get me to talk about what happened. Instead, she pulled my head into her lap and smoothed my hair while I cried all the way to her apartment in Brooklyn.

Once inside her place, Liesl tucked me into her bed with a glass of straight tequila. Though she had a futon in her living room, she stayed with me all night. She spooned behind me, and when I woke up from the little bouts of sleep I managed to get, her warm presence calmed my screams to sobs. I hadn’t grieved and mourned that much since the death of my parents. Even then, I hadn’t known the level of betrayal that I felt now.

That was the worst part of it, the betrayal. If I’d heard the story earlier from Hudson, at a point in our relationship where I hadn’t put everything on the line, then I may have been able to survive it. I’d still have left him—I couldn’t possibly be with him after that—but it would have been so much easier to survive. Leaving it as long as he did, especially when we’d talked at end about honesty and transparency—that was the ultimate betrayal. That was the deepest cut.

But the loss of the man I loved so desperately came as a close second.

The first two days were a blur. Liesl cooked for me and forced food down my throat. She listened to my story as I told it, in spurts, piecing it together as best she could, again without pressing. Throughout it all, she refilled my glass any time I asked. In a rare moment where I managed to focus on something other than my heartache, it occurred to me to wonder if that was why my father had spent his life drinking—had he been trying to block out some sort of pain? What had hurt him? Wasn’t it sad that I’d never know?

The rest of my thoughts were mismatches of memories and realizations. Sweet recollections turned sour with the new information layered on top. I relived every conversation that I’d had with Hudson a dozen times. Sometimes all I could do was cry. At other moments, I became angry. I broke more than one glass throwing it in rage.

Once even, I considered taking a broken piece and slitting it across my skin. Maybe not too deep.

Or maybe exactly too deep.

Thankfully Liesl was there to clean up the fragments before I managed to steal any away. Besides, I didn’t really want to end things—I just wanted to end the pain.

Eventually, I began trying to piece things together. Tried to figure out what was real and what wasn’t. Imagined how and where Celia had fit into my relationship with Hudson. Like the way he’d condoned my jealousies, the way he supported my snooping. Encourage her obsession, I imagined Celia saying. Don’t get mad or upset if she shows any of her crazy traits.

And the way she knew to throw his pet name in my face. Had that been her idea as well? Give her a pet name. Something like angel or precious.

I remembered Sophia’s birthday—Hudson had spoken with Celia then, and when we came home he’d been distant. Had she reminded him of the game then? What he was really supposed to be doing with me?

To his credit, Hudson hadn’t lied. His exact words came back to me with full force: “I will be saying and doing things—romantic things, perhaps—that are not genuine. I need you to remember that. Out of the public eye, I will seduce you. That will be genuine, but it can never be misconstrued as love.”

When had that changed? When had his false romancing become true? Had it ever? Was he at this very moment celebrating with his partner in crime—toasting to the complete and utter destruction of my soul?

That was the crux of my heartache—I’d never know. There was nothing to hold on to with fondness because the authenticity of every moment we’d spent together was up for debate. I couldn’t believe anything he’d said or did. He’d so expertly administered his manipulation it was impossible to see the real story underneath the formulated one.

That plain and utter truth was what kept me refilling my glass.

By Tuesday night, I sobered up enough to acknowledge some of my responsibilities. I propped myself against the headboard of Liesl’s bed and called her from the kitchen into her room. “The club…” I started to say.

She leaned her head against the door frame. “I already called in sick for you.”

God, she was amazing.

She’d told the truth. I could barely get out of bed, let alone leave the apartment. And I’d cried so hard that I’d thrown up more than once. That had to count as sick.

Knowing that burden was off my plate, I considered resuming my drinking and sleeping. But as I scratched an itch at the top of my head, I discovered my hair was matted and dirty—I really needed a shower. And a change of clothes. Did I care? Yeah, I kind of did. That was progress, right?

But I had nothing of mine at Liesl’s apartment. “Do you have something I can wear if I take a shower?”

She nodded encouragingly. “Anything in my closet’s yours.” Cleaning up would be as much to her benefit as mine. I smelled pretty rank.

The shower hurt as much as it helped. Though it made me feel better, it cleared my mind enough to worry about the future. Where was I going to live? Where was I going to work? Could I go back to The Sky Launch? I’d had the club before Hudson had come into my life—I didn’t want to give that up. But even if he let me work there, could I be there anymore?

Maybe. Maybe not.

First things first. I couldn’t stay holed up in Liesl’s room. I moved to the futon that night.

“My bed is yours, babe,” she said as I pulled the mattress into a prone position.

It was tempting to take her up on that. But I stayed surprisingly strong. “I already feel bad about overtaking your place. Besides, I need to start trying to function a little bit on my own. Even if that only means being in my own bed.”

“Suit yourself.” She threw me a pillow from her closet. “And you’re welcome here as long as you want.”

I wrapped my arms around the pillow and fell onto the futon. “I think it’s going to be a while, Liesl. Are you sure about the offer?”

“Yep.”

At least that took care of living arrangements for a bit. I’d have to arrange to pick up my things from the penthouse at some point. I didn’t have much, but I needed my clothes. Not the items that had been bought by him—I didn’t want those—but the rest of my stuff.

And I needed to get a new phone. My current one also came from Hudson. I didn’t want anything to do with it. I’d already given it to Liesl and asked her to hang on to it for me. If Hudson had decided to ignore my request and call, I wouldn’t even know. I didn’t want to know.

Then there was Celia’s possible lawsuit…

I sat up. “Have the police been looking for me?” Hudson had said he’d take care of it, but I didn’t trust a word he said anymore.

Liesl sat down at the foot of the futon. “Nope, and they won’t be.” She answered my questioning look. “Hudson called me on my cell yesterday morning. He wanted me to tell you that he’d gotten the whole battery charge dismissed.”

So he knows where I am. Of course he did. It wasn’t that hard to figure out where I’d go. And I had the feeling Hudson wasn’t the kind of guy you could hide from very easily.

I couldn’t help myself. I had to know. “Did he say anything else?”

“He said lots of things. I decided you weren’t interested in hearing any of it.”

“Good thinking. I wasn’t.” I leaned back on my elbows. “But I am now. What did he say?”

“That he wanted to give you your space, but that he’s anxious to talk to you when—if—you want to. That he’ll do anything you want him to for the club, even if that includes doing nothing. That you’re welcome to come back to the penthouse—he’s staying at his other place.”

“The loft.” The offer of the penthouse was a waste of his breath. I had no desire to be anywhere I’d been with him. Except maybe the club. I still hadn’t decided about that yet.

“Yeah, the loft.” She lowered her eyes. “He also insisted that I tell you he loves you.”

“I don’t want to hear that.” Even knowing it was a lie, it still had impact. My stomach tightened and my eyes watered. And some stupid little spot in my chest flickered with a spark of…I don’t know…hope, maybe? It surprised me. Disgusted me. After everything, how could there be any part of me that still wanted his love to be true?

Liesl grinned. “That’s what I told him.” Her mouth straightened to a tight line. “He said it didn’t make it any less true.”

That night when I cried myself to sleep, it wasn’t the betrayal that kept the tears coming—it was the loneliness. My lips burned for Hudson’s mouth, my breasts ached for his touch, my entire body pulsed with isolation. And instead of wishing I’d never met the man, that I’d never heard his name, I wished I’d never found out the truth. Ignorance, it turned out, truly could be bliss.





“I told you it sucks,” Gwen said when I called in sick on Wednesday.

I didn’t follow. “What sucks?” I should have had Liesl call in for me again. This talking to people thing was harder than I’d comprehended.

Gwen delivered her response in sing-song voice. “Love, darling. L-o-v-e, love. Worst thing ever.”

Guess my claim of the flu wasn’t fooling her. “Yeah. It really does.”





Thursday I almost seemed like a real person again. A broken, distraught person, but that was better than the sobbing lump that I’d been the days before. Now I could feed myself and I even managed to drink something other than alcohol.

Liesl had seemed to think I was ready to be pushed further. “You need a distraction. A release. Like maybe you should pet the pussy. I could loan you my vibrator while I’m at work tonight.”

I cringed. “Um, no thanks.”

“Then we could drive to Atlantic City this weekend and check out David’s new place. You know he’d fuck your brains out if you asked.”

“First of all, David doesn’t fuck anyone’s brains out.” Though I’d never slept with him, I’d been with him enough in a sexual sense to know he was a total puppy dog.

“Secondly, I don’t ever want to have sex with anyone ever again.” Hudson had ruined sex for me—there would never be anyone better, no one more serving and demanding and fulfilling. It had been the place where things had been real for us—even now, with all the lies, I believed that. Anyone who tried to come in after would be a sorry comparison.

And there was a third thing—Saturday was the day of Mira’s Grand Reopening. I couldn’t go, of course. That would be ridiculous to even consider. But telling her was going to be hard. Since it was already Thursday, I probably couldn’t put it off any longer.

With a deep breath, I held my hand out to Liesl. “Speaking of the weekend—can I borrow your phone? I need to call Mira.”

She handed me her cell. I looked up Mirabelle’s Boutique and pressed the button to dial. This would be a true test of my strength. Mira had been so pro-Alayna-and-Hudson that she was likely as devastated as I was. Well, not quite that devastated, but nearly. And knowing her and her love-conquers-all attitude, she’d probably try to convince me we could work things out.

Maybe I didn’t want to call her after all.

“Mirabelle’s. This is Mira.” Too late to hang up now.

“Hey, Mira.”

“Laynie!” she exclaimed with her usual bubbly, happy tone. “I was going to call you and check in. Great minds. I have your dress altered and ready for you—do you want to pick it up before Saturday or change here that day? Or I could have it sent to you by courier.”

Dammit. Hudson hadn’t told her the news of our breakup. What the fuck?

I definitely didn’t want to be the one to tell her that. But now I kind of had to.

“I…Mira…” I was having trouble finding the words. I decided to start somewhere else. “I can’t do your event. I’m sorry. I called to cancel.” Then, after a swallow, “Hudson and I…we broke up.” Why did it hurt so much more to say it out loud?

I swallowed again, bracing myself for Mira’s reaction.

“I know,” she said softly. Then she immediately perked up again. “Which is why I banned him from the store on Saturday. I don’t give a shit if he makes it to my event. But you—Laynie, I have to have you here. Please say you’ll still come. It would mean so much to me.”

My mouth went dry. I was not emotionally equipped to handle shock. Or anyone being nice to me. “Mira, no,” I floundered. “That’s not right. You can’t keep your own brother from your special day.”

“Yes, I can,” she insisted. “He doesn’t care about fashion. He does care about me. And you.”

Ah, there was the Mira I’d been expecting.

I clamped my eyes shut to ward off a new set of tears. “Please, don’t say that. I don’t want to hear about his supposed emotions.”

“Okay, okay. That’s fine. I wasn’t trying to meddle. I was simply trying to tell you that he already offered to not come before I banned him. He said he wanted me and you to be happy and so he was bowing out. Yes, I’d rather have you both there. Of course I would. But if it comes to you or him, I definitely choose you. You’re one of my models, and more importantly, you’re my friend. You’re like a sister, Laynie.”

I warred with my options. When I called, there’d been no way in hell that I planned to go to Mira’s event. I couldn’t be there with him. It would be impossible to be a model under those circumstances.

But her speech…

We had become friends, and I had hoped that we’d one day be sisters. She’d done a lot for me and Hudson, but truly, she’d also done a lot for just me. And maybe doing this for her would help me with closure.

“All right. I’ll do it.” Did I really fucking just say that? “But you better swear to god that he will not be there. And this better not be a trick to get us together.”

“I swear he will not be there. Swear on my baby.” She paused. “Though that tricking you to get you together idea...”

“Mira—”

“I’m just kidding.” Her smile was evident in her voice. “Yay! Thank you, Laynie.”

“You’re welcome.” Sort of. “But don’t expect a cheery model.”

“You can do the serious/somber thing. I’m totes okay with that.” She lowered her voice. “And for the record, I don’t know what that fucker did to mess things up with the two of you, but he’s a miserable wreck about it. I mean, completely and utterly broken up.”

For half a second, I actually felt joy. Was it because I was happy the asshole was as miserable as I was or because I thought his misery said something about how he felt for me?

It would kill me if I kept wondering about the validity of any of his emotions. I had to stop thinking about it. “Mira, if you’re going to keep telling me about him, I’m going to cancel.”

“No! Don’t do that.” She sounded panicked. “Just had to get that out there. I’m done now.”

“Okay, but no more.” Please, no more. Another deep breath. “I’ll change there on Saturday.”

She squealed. “I’m so excited! See you then.”

I almost smiled as I hung up.

“Well, look at that,” Liesl said as I handed her phone back. “You have some color in your cheeks.”

“It’s not possible.” I scrubbed my hands over my face. God, mourning was exhausting. And boring as hell. I had to find a way to move on. Mira’s event was a good first step. But I needed to take some other steps.

Like figure out what to do with the rest of my life.

Just thinking the thought seemed overwhelming. A tear rolled down my cheek. Seriously? Wasn’t I about fucking cried out yet?

But it had to be done. I grabbed a Kleenex and dabbed at my eye. “I, um, I want to go to work.”

Liesl cleared her throat. “Are you sure?” My tears probably had her unconvinced.

“Not tonight. But tomorrow, yeah. I need to see if I can be there. I don’t think I can make a good decision about my future at the club without trying a shift out.”

Through all my struggles with obsessive love addiction, The Sky Launch had been my sanity. It had been the only thing to ground me when I’d been free falling. Now, as I was falling again, couldn’t it be the place to save me again?

If not, I had to find out what could. Because already, I was getting that restless feeling in the pit of my stomach—that anxious tickle that marked me as an addict no matter how healthy I was. It was another sign that it was time to start figuring out my future.

When Liesl went into work that night, I forced myself to find something to do other than sleep and cry. Something other than remember. I turned on Spotify and found something to download on my Kindle app since Liesl had no books in her apartment.

But I couldn’t get into the novel. And nothing else on the Internet or on TV was enough to occupy my mind. I couldn’t stop thinking, and as I moved through the grieving process, my thoughts turned obsessive, as they always did when I was hurting. Some of them weren’t even clearly formed but were instead only rough impulses. The urge to see him, for example. Not to talk to him, but to look at him from a distance. The urge to smell him again. The urge to hear his voice.

The yearning drove me mad.

And it pissed me off.

Because I was stronger than this. I was stronger than Hudson Pierce and Celia Werner. I would not let them pull me down to the person that I once was.

She thought she could destroy me?

Well, fuck that. I’d survived heartache before. I could survive it again.

Adrenaline surged through me, and I suddenly felt invincible. Or capable at least—invincible was going a bit too far. But “Roar” by Katy Perry came on my playlist, and I did jump around the room singing at the top of my lungs.

It felt good. Invigorating. Energizing.

Then “So Easy” by Phillip Phillips came on, and immediately my strength disappeared. “You make it so easy…” he sang, and all I heard was Hudson saying it to me.

And it was all a lie.

I dissolved into a mess of snot and ugly tears. Well, another night of crying wasn’t the worst thing in the world. There was always tomorrow to be strong.





Chapter Twenty-One





The next day, I didn’t feel stronger, but I did feel resolved.

Planning the future still seemed overwhelming, but I could handle today. Baby steps. It’s what I’d learned in therapy. It was something I knew how to do.

On paper and in pencil, I broke down the hours. It helped to look at it written down so it didn’t feel bigger than it was. I started at the bottom of the page since I’d already decided to go to the club.

8 p.m. to 3 a.m. work, I wrote.

Before that I’d go to a group meeting. I looked online and found one at six that evening. Perfect. I filled it in above my work shift.

At the top of the page I wrote in: breakfast, shower, dress.

Then: sneak over to the penthouse to get some clothes.

Even writing the last thing had been hard. To say it sounded daunting was an understatement. The Bowery had been the place where Hudson and I had really begun sharing our life. It would be filled with painful reminders.

But going through the memories, dealing with them—that was part of healing.

Getting through the first line of items was easier than I’d expected. Breakfast actually stayed down, and I managed to find a pair of drawstring shorts in Liesl’s drawer that didn’t fall off my waist.

“Do you want me to go with you?” Liesl offered around a bite of a bagel.

“No. I need to do this by myself.” I threw my still wet hair into a ponytail. “I’ll need you for the next time—when I get all my stuff. But this time, I’m just going to run in and pack a bag to get me through a few days. It’ll feel good to finally wear panties again.”

I stood up and looked at my bare feet. “Shit. I only have my heels from the party.”

“I’ll loan you some shoes.”

“We don’t have the same size feet.” Liesl was much taller than me, with a larger frame. If it weren’t for the drawstring, I’d be drowning in her shorts.

She kicked off the flip-flops she was wearing. “You can wear these. They’re like one-size-fits-many.”

“Fine.” I slid my feet into them. They’d do. “Okay. I’m off. Wish me luck.”

“You don’t need luck. You got this.” She pulled me in for a hug. “You’re sure he won’t be there?”

“Positive.” I’d called Norma for that. She’d checked with Hudson’s secretary and reported back that he had a meeting in his office all afternoon. And he’d told Liesl he wasn’t staying at the penthouse. If I believed him, which I didn’t necessarily, then he wouldn’t be there no matter what. It was possible that he hadn’t even been back there after L.A. I guess I’d find out soon enough.

Since it was still early in the day, I took my time getting to the penthouse. I took the subway instead of a cab and didn’t rush to meet the connecting train. But as much as I dillydallied, I eventually arrived at my destination.

The memories started before I made it inside the building. I stood outside staring at the letters engraved on the stone above the door. The Bowery. In many ways it felt like the first time I’d been there, when I was nervous and anxious and unaware of what waited for me inside. Then though, my stomach fluttered with butterflies. Today it was filled with rolling stones. Though both had my tummy in motion, there was a definite difference in gravity. One feeling lifted me up. The other pulled me down, anchored me to my dismal reality.

With a final breath of fresh air, I headed in.

On the elevator ride up, I decided I’d be no-nonsense about my task. As soon as the door opened inside the penthouse, I headed straight to my closet. I put on some underwear and changed into a dress and shoes suitable for work. Then I packed a duffel bag with a few items to get me through the next week. I was done and ready to go in less than fifteen minutes.

But a sudden wave of nostalgia kept me from leaving without doing a final look around. I told myself it was the smart thing to do—in case I found something that I wanted to take with me.

Yeah, that was it.

The place was almost exactly the way I’d left it, except the cleaning lady had been through. The trashcans and dishwasher had been emptied. The only sign of disarray was the books I’d left out in the library. All clean and immaculate like that, the apartment felt empty, abandoned. Lonely. The warmth that had once filled it was gone. It seemed staged. Like a model home that no one really lived in. Like nothing special or beautiful had ever happened there.

It could be anyone’s home. Nothing reflected us. How had I never noticed this before?

It was fitting, I supposed, to feel so empty.

Except it deepened my sorrow. I’d been prepared to walk in and be met with the ghosts of our past. That they weren’t there rocked me.

Suddenly, I felt desperate to find a sign of us somewhere—anywhere. I set down my bag and ran back to our bedroom. I threw myself onto the made bed and buried my face in a pillow. It smelled clean. The bedding had been changed since we’d last slept there together. In Hudson’s closet, I found only rows of clean clothes and an empty hamper. Finally, in the bathroom, I found a bottle of his body wash. I opened it and breathed in the scent.

My knees buckled. God, it was him and not him all at once. The smell permeated into my skin, reawakening every memory of him, rekindling feelings that I wanted to forget.

In that moment, though, I didn’t want to forget. I wanted to embrace everything I had left of him. And this scent wasn’t enough. It was missing the most important part. I wanted more, all of it. And I couldn’t find it here.

I recognized the emotion immediately—the desperate urge. I could make it go away if I tried hard enough, if I refocused, if I concentrated on my substitute list.

But I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to follow the urge, to let it lead me where I needed to go. For once, I wanted to give in to it instead of constantly fighting it. Wanted to fall into the comfort of the old pattern and let it swallow me.

Maybe, just today, I could let it take me away. I could go to the loft, slip in while Hudson was in his meetings, and feel him in the place that he’d been living. Look for traces of his existence. Smell him and sense him.

It wasn’t healthy, but it would only be one time. One time wouldn’t destroy me. And after that, I could move on. I’d go to my group meeting and get back on track and my new life—my life without Hudson—could really begin.

It sounded divine. Like a guilty pleasure. No worse than eating a whole tub of Ben and Jerry’s straight from the carton. Without any more thought, I decided to do it. Then I flagged down a cab and headed to the Pierce Industries building before I could change my mind.

I was grateful that Norma had told me about Hudson’s afternoon meeting. It made the chance of bumping into him not an issue. He’d be wrapped up in his business whatnot, never knowing I was right above him. It added to the appeal.

As soon as I opened the front door of the loft, I felt it. The thing I’d been missing—Hudson’s presence. It lingered in the air, not just his scent, but the warmth of him. It made the hair stand up on my arms and made my skin tingle. It was exactly what I’d longed for.

Setting my duffel by the front door, I explored further, remembering and putting to memory the place where we’d shared our first time. I trailed my hand along the back of his leather couch as I passed. Then I trailed my other hand over the papers on his desk as I went deeper into the loft. At the back, I found the private elevator. It led to one place only—down to his office. That’s how close he was. I placed my palm on the cool metal.

How close. How far away.

In the kitchen, I lingered over a half empty mug of coffee on the counter. He drank from this. His lips had touched the rim. I lifted the cup to my face, pressing it against my cheek. It was cold, but I could imagine it hot. Imagine him sipping at it gently, carefully.

I knew I was acting crazy, but I didn’t care. I couldn’t stop myself even if I did care.

Soon, I made it to the bedroom. The room he’d first taken me in. He’d been both amazing and overwhelming. I’d felt out of my league, and yet, I couldn’t help but try to fit into his world in the way he’d wanted me.

My eyes glanced toward the bathroom. If I went in there now, would the scent of clean Hudson still be lingering from his morning shower? I’d go there next.

But first, the bed…

I fell across the mattress. This time when I inhaled, he was there in abundance. I wrapped my arms tight around his pillow and closed my eyes, breathing him in and out and in. And out. The scent soothed me, calmed me. The ache in my chest released ever so slightly. The tension behind my temples abated. For the first time in days, I felt okay.

Closing my eyes, I let the fantasy wash over me. Let myself forget the hurt and betrayal and pretended Hudson and I could be together again in all the ways we used to be. I imagined his lips on me—phantom kisses along my neck and down my torso that sent shivers down my spine and caused my toes to curl. Then his hands, caressing and kneading my body, reawakening my skin with his simple touch. Adoring me physically but with so much concentration and attention that the effort had to come from true and pure love.

I was still lying on the bed, lost in my daydream, when the private elevator arrived in the next room.

My eyes flew open. Had I imagined it?

Then Hudson’s voice filled the air.

Fuck!

And he was talking to someone—he wasn’t alone.

I scrambled off the bed and crouched by the floor considering what to do next. It sounded like he was still in the back of the loft, near the kitchen. I crawled to the wall next to the door frame. There I could peek out and get a better idea of the situation and still stay hidden from the living area. As long as they didn’t come in the bedroom, I’d be fine.

But if they did come in the bedroom…

Gathering my courage, I peeked out and saw Hudson standing in front of the open refrigerator. He grabbed a bottle of water and turned toward his guest—toward me.

I pulled my head back around the corner. Did he see me? No, I didn’t think so.

Shit, shit, shit. All I could do was swear. And pray.

And eavesdrop.

“I haven’t been here in a while.” I hadn’t gotten a chance to look at his visitor, but I knew who it was from her voice. “I’d forgotten what a good job I’d done with the place.” Celia Werner.

My chest tightened and my eyes began to water.

I was gone barely a week, and he was bringing her to his loft? Why? To celebrate the slaughter of my soul? To plan their next game?

To connect?

Each possibility was worse than the last. This was heartache on top of heartache. Salt on the wound. A lesson to teach me not to give into my urges again.

Celia’s heels clicked on the cement floor.

Where was she going? I held my breath, my heart pounding. Maybe I should hide out in the bathroom. Then they wouldn’t see me if they came this way. But then I couldn’t hear what they were saying. And, besides, if they did need the bed…

God, I couldn’t think about that.

“Remember how I had to convince you to go with the leather couch?” she asked.

She was in the living area. If they stayed right there, I could pull this off.

“We’re not here for a walk down memory lane.” Hudson’s voice was cold.

Her footsteps paused. “Why are we here?”

Yes, Hudson, do tell. Though I wasn’t sure I wanted to know.

“Because we have some things to talk about, and they aren’t suitable for my office.”

“Then I can’t help but think of old times. Other conversations that weren’t appropriate for your office.” Her heels clicked again and then stopped. Then the leather of the sofa creaked as she took a seat.

I let out the breath I’d been holding.

Now Hudson’s shoes sounded on the floor. “If you want to relive those times, then do it on your own.” His voice got nearer.

Shit, fuck, dammit! He was headed my way.

But then I heard the rattling of ice in a glass. Slowly, I turned my head to the side. He was there—not ten feet away, fixing himself a drink at the bar. If he looked over and down, he’d see me.

I froze, not blinking, not even breathing; willing myself to fade into the wall. My heart thudded so loudly, I was certain he could hear it.

Except he didn’t. He finished making his drink, then turned back to face Celia.

“Come on, Huds.” Her tone was playful, cajoling, in complete opposition to his. “You act like we never had any fun together.”

“That was a lifetime ago, Celia.” Though he was still merely steps away, his words were distant. “It’s time to move on.”

Celia laughed. “Because of her?”

“Who? Alayna?” A chill ran through my body. Jesus, even when he said my name to someone else, it had the same effect as when he said it to me. “Yes. And no.” He paused. “We aren’t together anymore.”

And hearing him say that—it was as painful as when I’d said it to Mira. The verbalization of it made it so real. So final.

Celia seemed overjoyed with the news. “Am I supposed to be sad?”

“Why would I expect that? That was your intended outcome, after all.” He moved forward, out of my sightline. Then there was another creak of furniture. He’d sat in the chair across from her, I guessed.

I struggled with listening to them talk as I debated with myself—should I scurry to the other side of the door frame? If he came back to the bar, I’d be better hidden. But if one of them went to the guest bathroom, then I’d be easily seen.

“No,” Celia said, “my intended outcome was that she’d go crazy after your break-up and end up back in her psycho obsession mode.”

I decided to stay put.

“Well, that’s not happening. She’s stronger than you thought.”

And yet, there I was, hiding in Hudson’s bedroom because I’d done exactly as predicted and gone stalker. It crushed me that he could believe otherwise—that he had no understanding of how much he could break me. Did he not get what he’d meant to me?

If he didn’t understand, Celia did. Perhaps it was a female thing. “Maybe. I’m not sure I agree. How long ago was this breakup?”

“A few days now.”

“Oh, give it time. She’ll be back. That girl was head over heels for you. She’s not walking away that easily. Not that type.”

I cringed at the accuracy with which she was describing me. It would fuel me to be strong, I decided. Otherwise, she’d win. Technically, she’d already won—I was here, after all. But if she didn’t know, then she couldn’t take it as a victory, right?

“Celia, stop it.” Hudson’s sharp command drew my attention.

“Are you still sticking to the story that you’re in love with her?”

Her question made my hair stand on end. He’d told her that he loved me…did that mean there’d really been some truth to it?

He didn’t answer her verbally, but his expression must have been in the affirmative because Celia scoffed. “That’s ridiculous, Hudson. You’ve never loved anyone. It’s not in your nature. You’re fascinated with her for some godforsaken reason. But it’s not love.”

“What do you know about love?” He’d never spoke so harshly in my presence.

She laughed again. “Everything you taught me—it’s a fleeting emotion that can be manipulated and fabricated. It’s not real. It’s never real.”

“It’s time you found another teacher. I no longer believe any of that.”

I drew my knees into my chest. He believed in love now—because of me? The discovery tugged at my heart, begging me to reexamine the status of our relationship. Oh, how I wanted to fasten myself to his love. Wanted to turn it into a chance for us to be together.

But I couldn’t. His deceit was too great. It didn’t matter that he fell in love. It was deserved. His just rewards. His karma.

“Maybe I should be the teacher for a while,” Celia suggested. “It’s time to change up the game anyway.”

There was a sound of ice rattling—Hudson shaking his glass, perhaps. Then a pause while he swallowed. “I don’t want to play anymore, Celia.”

“You said that before with Stacy. And you ended up coming around.”

“That was all your game. I gave you a make-out session. That’s all. And it wasn’t for you, it was for her. I don’t know the extent you played with her, but it was time you were done. I knew that the kiss would end it.”

“Are you trying to convince me you had feelings for Stacy too?”

“You were using my name to fuck with my sister’s assistant. It was going to come back and bite me in the ass eventually. And she was a nice girl. She didn’t deserve it.”

Their words had come fast, one statement on top of another.

Now they paused as Hudson perhaps took another swallow of his drink. Then he said, “Those are the only reasons I resorted to helping you with that.”

His words hung in the air. They sunk over me slowly. They pissed me off. I didn’t want to think of him as the hero of that situation, of any situation. So he’d participated in the scam to help Stacy. There were other ways he could have helped her. It wasn’t enough to redeem him.

I heard the creak of the couch—maybe just Celia leaning forward, but I tensed, afraid she was on the move again.

But there wasn’t any sound of footsteps, just her speaking, “And why did you agree to the Alayna game? Don’t tell me that was an excuse to be with her.”

Hudson must have nodded, because next she said, “Liar. You’re you. Hudson Pierce. You would have found a way to be with her anyway.”

“The minute I showed her any interest, you did too. Going along with your game was the only way to protect her.”

“Whatever,” Celia echoed my thoughts. “If it’s true that your interest was what attracted me, then the way for you to protect her would have been to run from her. Far and fast. I don’t buy it. You wanted to play.”

I hated to admit she and I were on the same page, but we were.

It was Hudson’s answer that surprised me. “You’re right. I should have run. I couldn’t. So I did the next best thing.”

A memory flashed into my mind of the first time I’d seen Hudson at the bar of the club. I’d known immediately that he was someone I should run from. The words far and fast had even occurred to me. Against my own conscience, knowing my faults and my weaknesses, I’d gone after him anyway.

Could I blame him for doing the same?

“I didn’t want to play the game with her,” he said next. “And I don’t want to play ever again.”

More movement. Then Hudson returned to the bar.

I should have moved. I should have moved! My pulse accelerated, and again, I held my breath.

“You don’t mean that, Hudson.” Celia stood as well. Her heels gave her away.

God, please don’t let her join him. Hudson was at least focused on his glass. She’d see me for sure.

Thankfully, she stayed where she was.

“Remember what it’s like?” she asked him. “The adrenaline rush? To stage a situation, knowing exactly how it will play out because you studied the characters so well you understand what they’ll do. There’s nothing like it.”

“You’re destroying people’s lives!”

“You taught me!”

“Then learn this next lesson well—it was wrong. I. Was. Wrong.”

Their words flew back and forth again. My heart continued to thud in my chest as they sparred. It was thrilling, exhilarating to hear him fight her.

Did that mean I thought of her as a worse enemy than him? Because I wanted him to defeat her?

Until that afternoon, I’d thought of them as a pair. Two of a kind. Now, my feelings were changing ever so slightly.

Hudson turned again to face her. “And of all the lives I’ve destroyed, Celia, I’m most regretful for what I’ve done to yours. But I can’t be responsible for that anymore. You have to decide now who you’re going to be. This is not who I’m going to be.”

Damn tears at my eyes again. Not wanting to move while I was still in his sightline, I let them fall freely. If it was true—if he really was done with his games—well, it made me proud.

Why the fuck I even cared, I couldn’t say.

“Then you’re out,” Celia said, resigned. “That’s fine. I’m not. And I’m not done with the Alayna Withers experiment.”

My stomach sunk. My break-up with Hudson should have won me a reprieve from her games. I’d never be away from her, would I?

Hudson thought I would. “Oh yes, you are done with Alayna.” He stepped further into the room, again out of my sight. “And don’t give me the line that you play to win. I can think of some times that you’ve lost. You’ve lost big, if I recall.”

“That’s cruel.” She actually sounded hurt. I hadn’t realized the woman had feelings.

“Ah, but isn’t that one of the requirements to playing the game?” His awful, caustic tone both frightened and elated me. It was scary to think Hudson had it in him, but it was delightful that he used it on my nemesis.

“Tell me, I’m curious,” Hudson began now, “what exactly was your plan with Alayna, anyway? After I dropped out and refused to break up with her, you created your befriend-and-frame scheme. When that failed, then what? The books with the quotes, the stalking—what was that supposed to do?”

I swear I heard her shrug. “I don’t know. Push her over the edge. Make her doubt you. Drive you apart.”

Hudson chuckled. “It seemed like random flailing to me. Guesswork. That’s not how we played.”

“It worked, didn’t it? You’re not together anymore.”

Oh, how I wanted to knock the glee out of her voice. It was another one of the worst parts of breaking up with Hudson—Celia took it as a victory.

He wouldn’t let her take the credit, though. “Believe it or not, that has nothing to do with anything you did.”

“Really? I thought for sure telling her we were lovers had been the final nail in the coffin. Especially when I gave her proof.”

“What proof could you possibly give for something that never happened?”

Though he’d said they’d never been together, I’d still had lingering doubts. His word no longer meant anything. But now…now I knew for sure. They’d never been romantic together. At least there was that.

“I told her you called me the same pet name you called her. Tore. Her. Up.”

“From the looks of it, it seems she tore you up.”

“Battle scars,” she said dismissively.

Her face! I’d almost forgotten. Damn, I wished I could see the results of my attack.

“What pet name are you talking about, anyway?”

His question alone meant he’d never told her. I turned my head toward the opening, eager to hear how this proceeded.

“Precious,” she said.

“How the hell did you know about that?” He was furious.

So it had been only ours. Finally, I had something to hold onto. That—his name for me—that would be the memory I’d take away as pure and true.

“I borrowed her phone one day when we’d had lunch. I saw text messages between the two of you. You called her precious.”

Such a fucking cunt. I wanted to stand up and shout it across the room. It was almost worth revealing myself.

Almost.

Hudson’s expression must have indicated he wasn’t happy about the information because Celia said, “Oh, come on. It was a good play. A fucking good play. And you’re telling me that had no bearing on your breakup?”

“No. I think she could have survived that, honestly.” Yes, we could have survived that. “It was the truth that did us in.”

“The truth? You told her—?”

He cut her off. “Everything.”

“That’s against the ru—”

Again he broke her off. “There are no fucking rules anymore, Celia. It’s over! I’m not playing. And I’m not discussing Alayna with you for another minute.” He spoke with finality.

I pictured what he must look like—his shoulders broad and squared, his face stern and unmoving. There was no way to refute him when he looked like that.

Her heels clicked again.

I tensed.

Then the sound of the couch creaking. “Is that why you brought me here? To tell me that you’re quitting?” Though she was trying to sound bored, I heard the disappointment in her voice.

“I haven’t even really played in years. Except to be your pawn.” Hudson’s steps then movement as he sat in his chair. “But no, that’s not why you’re here. I’m telling you that you’re quitting. You’re done, Celia. No more games.”

“You’re joking, right? You can’t decide that for me.”

While I appreciated that Hudson believed he could simply talk Celia out of her ways, I recognized her fortitude. She was not one to give up easily. Or at all. Even if Hudson asked her nicely.

“You’re right that I can’t monitor you in every facet of your life,” Hudson said, “nor do I have any intention, but I can tell you that you will not be messing with me or my family or my employees and definitely not Alayna.”

There, again. The sound of my name from his lips. Said so carefully, so reverently, like carrying something fragile and precious. Ah…precious. His care for me was…it was deep. I couldn’t deny that.

And the realization only hurt that much more.

Celia’s response kept me from spiraling into a fit of sobs. “That’s hilarious that you think you have any control over me in any measure. And your declaration is only begging for me to prove you wrong. Plus, even though I agreed to not press charges, I’m not finished with this Alayna game.”

“You are finished, Celia.” Again, he spoke with authority. “While I’d hoped you’d give it up for the sake of our friendship—or whatever it is that we once had—I had a feeling that you’d disagree. So I’ve attained some insurance.”

“I’m intrigued.”

So am I.

“Let me tell you about a company that I just bought.” There was unusual pep in Hudson’s tone. “Actually, I’ll show you the paperwork.”

Once more my heart raced as Hudson stood and moved. But he sounded like he was walking away. Then a shuffle of papers—he was at his desk. Then back to where he’d been—again, the chair creaked. I heard another shuffle and then individual paper movement as though someone was flipping through a packet and periodic silence as they paused to read. I could picture it—her French-tipped nails turning one page after another.

What was it? I itched to know. Though there was no way I’d be able to see what she was reading, I couldn’t take it anymore—I had to peek. If they were buried in papers, they wouldn’t notice me. I moved to my knees and peered around the door.

She sat, as I’d imagined, on the couch, a manila folder in hand, her brow furrowed. Her hair was up, as usual, and her nose was bandaged. Black and blue bruises extended underneath the tape.

I couldn’t help but smile at her injury.

Her eyes widened and her head shot up to look at Hudson whose back was to me. I sat down quickly, not wanting to be seen.

“How did you…?” she asked.

“Very sneakily.” He was proud; I could hear it in the edges of his even tone. “I’ll admit, it wasn’t easy. I had to convince another company to purchase a portion of the stock, and then I bought out that company—you don’t really want the details, do you?”

The deal he’d been working on. It had to do with Celia?

“The contracts are signed now,” he continued. “That’s all that matters. I’m officially the majority owner of Werner Media Corporation.”

I gasped, then slapped my hand over my mouth too late. Fuck! Had they heard my gasp? Had they heard my slap? And now my heart was beating louder than it had the whole time I’d been trapped in his bedroom—surely they could hear that?

But if they did, they gave no indication.

“And you said you’d quit playing the game.” Celia’s words were low and heavy.

“I had one final move to make,” he said.

And what a move it was. Werner Media Corporation—Celia’s family’s business—Hudson had bought it? This was…this was big.

She let out a long, slow hiss of air—or I guessed it was her, I couldn’t see for sure. “It’s checkmate, is it then?” she asked.

“You tell me.” Triumph hung in the texture of his words.

“What are your plans for Werner Media?” She fought to the end. Some people might be impressed with her dedication.

I imagined, once upon a time, that Hudson had been one of those people.

For me, it was Hudson that impressed me.

“At the moment, I have no plans. The company’s doing well as it is. Warren Werner is definitely the right man to be in charge. However, if there were any reason that I felt his presence was no longer needed…” He let his threat trail off.

“He’d be devastated,” Celia said softly.

“I imagine he’d be devastated just to learn he no longer holds controlling interest. For now, the fact is still hidden. He has no idea that he’s no longer in charge. Would you like that to change?”

“No,” she said.

“Do you plan on doing anything that might cause me to alter my current business plan?”

Defeat clung to her simple one-word answer. “No.”

“Then yes, it’s checkmate.”

We sat silently, all of us, for several minutes after the game was declared finished. My skin tingled as Hudson’s victory settled in the air. A smile graced my lips and a mixture of many, many emotions swept up and over me, very few of them sinking in with enough clarity to cling on to for long. Some, I could name—surprise, gratitude, relief, triumph. Others were more difficult to discern through the blanket of heartache that still covered me from head to toe. Was there some forgiveness toward Hudson in there? A touch of hopefulness, perhaps?

Love, there was love. There was always love.

“I guess it’s time for me to go,” Celia said eventually.

“It is. I’ll walk you out.”

They weren’t going back through the office. The realization sent another stab of panic through me—was Hudson not leaving? And my duffel—it was at the door.

Once again, I held my breath as they crossed the floor. I heard the door open. If they were at the entrance, their backs would be toward me. I had to see what was going on.

I moved up to my knees again and peered around the frame. Hudson was holding the door open as Celia walked past. He started to shut it behind her—dammit, he was staying—then his gaze fell on my bag.

He paused there for half a second. Then his eyes rose to scan the room.

I didn’t move—did I want him to find me?

He did.

Our eyes locked, and the intensity of his expression—it was all-consuming. Maybe I couldn’t read all of my own emotions, but in his gaze I saw three with clarity. Surprise, elation. And, clear as day, I saw love.

If he came to me at that moment, I was certain I’d fall back into him.

But he didn’t.

“Hold the elevator,” he said to Celia without looking away. His lip ticked ever so slightly, delivering me a half-smile. Then he left, shutting the door behind him.





Chapter Twenty-Two





Nine in the morning came awfully early after working until three a.m. I peeked from under my lids at the sun that suddenly filled the room.

“Hey,” I groaned. “I had the curtains shut for a reason.”

“Too bad. You got your fashionything.” Liesl poked at my foot sticking off the bottom of the futon. “Get up.”

“But, Mom, I don’t wanna.” I rubbed my eyes and sat up. I glanced at the time. It was actually after nine. I must have pushed the snooze button on the alarm clock a couple of times. “Why are you awake anyway?”

I’d worked a short shift but Liesl had stayed until close. That meant she’d probably only been home a couple of hours. Funny, she hadn’t woken me when she came in.

Then I realized, her coming in was what had woken me.

“Got a ride from one of the regulars.” She waggled her brows. “And when I say ride, I don’t mean in a car.”

Sex looked good on Liesl. Her cheeks were rosy and her eyes bright. Part of me had always been jealous of her ability to sleep with random people and not get attached. This morning, thinking about sex just made me sad.

My face must have given away my thoughts because next thing I knew, Liesl had crawled onto the bed and wrapped her arms around me in a giant girlfriend hug.

I sighed into her embrace. It felt so good to be touched, to be cared for.

She kissed my temple. “Are you going to be okay today?”

I shrugged against her arms. “Hudson’s not supposed to be at the show. So yeah.” Saying his name made my heart simultaneously flip and sink. After he’d left the loft, I’d expected him to come into the club during my shift. Or to call. Find me somehow. There was so much to say after all I’d witnessed. Maybe he wasn’t interested.

Liesl released me and bopped me on the nose with her finger. “What’s that frown about then? You’re wishing he was coming, aren’t you?”

Did I wish that? “I don’t know.” While I didn’t want to see him, I wanted him to want to see me, if that made any sense.

I hugged my knees to my chest. “Why do you think he hasn’t tried to talk to me?”

“Maybe he’s respecting your space.”

Memories washed over me, times Hudson had bullied his way into my life when I’d tried to push him away. “Hudson’s never been one to respect my space.” Maybe that hadn’t been the real Hudson Pierce. It was preferable to think that than to believe he’d really given up on me so easily. “I guess I thought he’d fight for me. Especially after what he did yesterday. After he saw me.”

Liesl tilted her head. “Wanna hear what I think?”

“Probably not, but I’m sure you’re going to tell me anyway.”

“I am.” She tucked her legs underneath her. “I think that it’s probably still too soon to figure out whether he’s going to fight for you or whether you even want him to.”

“I don’t want him fighting for me.” Except I sort of did.

She wagged a finger at me. “Uh-uh. Too soon.”

Maybe she was right. A myriad of emotions had enveloped me in the past week. Which of them would endure? In a month from now, which feeling would dominate? In a year? Betrayal? Pain? Or would it be love?

Liesl was right. It was too soon to know.

She reached her hand out to squeeze mine. “I’m proud of you though. You made it through this week. And through work last night. And you’re going to his sister’s thingamabob. And you only had one obsessive breakdown. I think you’ve done pretty good.”

It was amazing how she made just living sound like an accomplishment. Truthfully, it did feel like a success. A little bit of pride filled my chest.

But that ever-present ache didn’t go away. I bit my lip. “I miss him.”

Liesl leaned forward and kissed my hair. “I know. That might get worse before better.”

“Yeah.”





Mirabelle’s Boutique was crazed when I arrived, even though the event wasn’t due to start for more than another two hours. The place swarmed with florists and caterers and models and new employees. It took me a while to find anyone I knew in the crowd, but eventually I spotted Adam sampling—or stealing rather— a chocolate-covered strawberry from a Saran-wrapped food tray.

He paused to finish chewing. “Laynie, good to see you.”

He gave me a hug, which was a little weird since he’d never been affectionate with me.

“I’m so glad you’re here. Please, get Mira to stop running around, will you? She needs to sit and put her feet up. I swear to god, after today, if she doesn’t start taking it easy, I’m going to chain her to the bed.”

“That sounds a little personal,” I teased. “Where is she now?”

Adam directed me to the workroom in the back. There I found even more models, more employees, and Mira fussing over everyone.

“You’re here!” she exclaimed when she saw me. Though her expression and smile were bright, the bags under her eyes gave away her exhaustion. “I was afraid you’d bow out at the last minute.”

I’d been a little afraid of the same thing. “Nope. I’m here. Do you have time to give me a tour?” Maybe getting her distracted would keep her blood pressure from spiking while she worried about the details of the event. “Or would you prefer I get dressed first?” I wouldn’t want her stressing about that either.

“Get dressed first and then it’s on.”

The dress she’d chosen for me looked stunning with the alterations she’d had done. Looking at myself in the mirror of the dressing room, I couldn’t help but remember when I’d first tried it on. It was the day Stacy had sent me the video. That had been the beginning of the end, hadn’t it? If only I hadn’t let my curiosity get the better of me.

I shook my head, tossing the thought aside. Today, I wouldn’t be sad. It was Mira’s day, and I didn’t want to ruin it for her. Even though I had waterproof mascara on, crying didn’t go well with makeup.

Besides, I couldn’t wish for anything to be different. Sure, I’d been happy with Hudson, but it had been a lie. The truth would have come out eventually. Better now than later.

When I was dressed, I found Mira, this time seated in a chair as she yelled at people. Adam must have forced her to sit.

She jumped up when she saw me, though, her eyes wide. “Oh my god, you’re so beautiful! You are definitely going to be the finale. Dammit, I wish Hudson could see you.” She clapped her hand over her mouth before I could scold her. “Sorry. It slipped out. It’s going to take a while to get used to the new situation.”

“Yeah, I get that.” I was still adjusting myself.

She wrapped her arm around mine. “Let me show you my baby. Well, one of my babies.” The new addition was beautiful but simple. There was more space to display clothing, a few more dressing rooms, a bigger workroom for the staff and a small runway.

“The stage is where we’ll do today’s show. In the future it will be for private fashion selection,” Mira explained as we finished up. “Some of these rich bitches are too lazy to try on their own clothes so we have models hired to do it for them.”

I laughed. Mira was a Pierce—she was probably richer than any of her clients, and she was neither lazy nor a bitch. I could certainly see her mother being one of the women she was referring to, though.

“Speaking of Sophia,” I said, looking around the shop, “where is she? Isn’t she coming?”

“Um, no.” She bent to pick a piece of lint off my skirt. “I banned her along with Hudson.”

“What?” Not that I was disappointed about Sophia’s absence. With as out-of-control drunk as she’d been the last time I saw her in a public situation, it was probably a good idea she wasn’t here.

Mira straightened but kept her eyes down. “I took your advice. We staged an intervention.”

“Oh, my god, Mira!” I reached my hand out to touch her arm.

She slid my hand into hers instead. “It was hard, but Hudson and Chandler and Adam and even Dad were there. We all sat her down and told her she needed to get help.” She met my eyes and flashed a somewhat forced smile.

I squeezed her hand. “When did this happen?” And how is Hudson handling it?

“Last night. She didn’t want to hear it, of course. But when I told her she couldn’t be a part of my life anymore if she didn’t get help, then she agreed. She checked into a long-term facility upstate this morning. Hudson, Dad, and Chandler drove her out.”

“Wow.” My chest ached in a way that was different from the past several days. Instead of hurting because of Hudson, I hurt for him.

“You know, I’ve never seen my mother sober—she might still be a bitch. But at least I could trust her not to drop my baby.”

I pushed thoughts of Hudson out of my mind yet again and studied the beautiful woman in front of me. Though I was twenty-six to her twenty-four years of age, she struck me as the most genuine, mature person I knew. Such a contradiction to her brother. Such a contradiction to myself.

She blushed under my stare. “What?”

“I’m just really amazed by you. That’s hard to stand up like that for someone you love and today you have your event…how are you dealing with all of this?”

“Honestly, except for being tired, I feel really good.” It was her turn to squeeze my hand. “The only thing I’m worrying about now is you and my brother.”

I pulled my hand away from hers. “I’m miserable enough without the guilt trip, thanks.” I studied my shoes, afraid that any more show of emotion might wreck me.

“He told us what he did to you.”

My eyes flew back up to meet hers. “What?”

“During mom’s intervention. He said that if we had any hope of being a family, then we needed to face our flaws and own up to our mistakes. He went back to therapy this week, and I think his doctor encouraged him to be open with us. So he owned up to what he did to you.” Her expression grew serious and sad. “I’m sorry he did that to you, Laynie. Really sorry. I’m not going to defend him. But I will say that he is full of regret.”

“I’m…” My throat tightened. “Dammit, Mira, you’re making me cry.”

She grasped my upper arms. “Don’t cry! Then I’ll cry and that will be a disaster. No more serious talk, except to say I love you. Thank you for being here.”

“I wouldn’t miss it for the world.”





There was a little more to the modeling gig than standing and smiling. I also had to walk down the short runway, pose, and return. While the place seemed to be crawling with models, there were only seven of us in the show. We were able to run through it enough times in rehearsal that by the time the actual event started, I wasn’t so nervous that I couldn’t perform.

Frankly, I was happy for an emotion other than grief. I clung to it. Wrapped it around me like a blanket.

At two, the doors were opened and the event began. It wasn’t a big hurrah like the charity fashion show Sophia Pierce had hosted, but was elegant and important in its own way. Mira was a beautiful bird, floating around the room, talking to big name fashion designers and top clients that had been invited.

Then there was the press—they’d been limited to invitation only and were sequestered in an area near the stage, which made them less intimidating. I never got close enough to them to be hounded with their questions. If they wanted to know about me and Hudson, they’d have to ask him.

Would they even ask? When the next girl showed up on his arm in the limelight, would they ask what happened to that nightclub manager the same way they asked about Celia in front of me?

There were so many awful things about that scenario that I had to block it out with a glass of champagne.

At a quarter to three, I lined up with the other models along the horizontal length of the stage. This is where we stood while each person walked the runway. My placement as last in the show made me wish we were walking on from offstage instead of waiting there the whole time. It felt like hours that I had to stand still and smile while the other women walked and posed. Stacy described each item, crediting the designer and then explaining the individual alterations done by the boutique to make the outfit perfect for the wearer.

Finally it was my turn. I walked to the end of the runway with a smile that was surprisingly authentic. Butterflies stirred in my stomach as I stood at the end while Stacy talked about my dress. Photographers were flashing bulbs at me, but the room wasn’t dark as in a typical fashion show, and I could actually see the faces of the onlookers as I cast my gaze around the room.

That’s how I spotted Hudson so easily.

There, in the back, leaning against the wall. His hair was mussed and he was underdressed in a t-shirt and jeans. His eyes were pinned on me—hell, the whole room’s focus was on me—but his were the only eyes I felt. Even across that distance I could sense that electrical current, the simmer in my belly that spurred the butterflies to dance more frantically than before.

Our gazes locked and without thinking to let it happen, my smile widened.

God, it was good to see him.

Then Stacy finished her speech, the crowd applauded, and it was time to turn around and walk back to my place along the back of the stage. With my back to him, the momentary elation disappeared, and all the shit rumbled back over me like a Mack truck. The deceit, the hurt, the garbage—and he wasn’t supposed to be there!

Though I was the final model, I had to remain on stage while Stacy introduced Mira, and then while Mira spoke about her renovations and made her acknowledgements. I was still in the limelight, but I couldn’t stop fidgeting and wiping my sweaty palms along my skirt.

He’s here, he’s here. What do I do?

I tried to keep my attention on Mira, but my eyes kept darting back to Hudson. Every time, he was already looking at me. It wouldn’t be easy to escape. Especially because I couldn’t just run out—my purse and belongings were still in the back. I could leave my clothes, but I needed money for a cab or my subway card. He was across the room, though, and there were lots of people—perhaps I could sneak away before he got to me.

The minute the final applause began, I took off. As discreetly as possible, I slipped off the stage and to the back hall, hoping Hudson didn’t see me and follow.

Or hoping he did follow. I couldn’t quite decide.

Of course my stuff was in the last dressing room in the hall, but I made it there without anyone behind me. My hands were shaking as I gathered my clothes from the floor where I’d left them. Looking around, I realized I had nothing to carry them in. Shit.

I could change. Or get them later.

Later.

I should have at least folded them, but there wasn’t time for that. Instead, I set them on the dressing room chair, grabbed my purse from the corner of the room where I’d stowed it under my clothing, and turned to go.

But there he was, filling the door frame.

My shoulders sagged, but my stupid heart did a little dance.

Dammit, feelings were confusing.

He looked even better up close. Was it possible he’d gotten more attractive in our time apart? His blue-gray t-shirt hugged his muscles, which seemed more pronounced than I’d remembered. His faded dark jeans hung low around his trim hips. His eyes were soft and sad with bags underneath them that matched his sister’s. Matched mine.

And the way he looked at me…as if I were more than a silly, emotional, broken girl. As if I were someone who mattered. As if I were someone he loved.

“Hey,” he said softly. His voice was like the pied piper, calling goose bumps to the surface of my skin with just one word. Did he even know he had that effect on me?

The way his hands were stuffed in his pockets, making him look so boyish and innocent, I had to think he had no idea.

Except, no matter how he looked, he wasn’t innocent. Not at all. It was even manipulative that he’d shown up here.

I folded my arms over my chest, as if that could protect me from his piercing gaze. “You’re not supposed to be here, Hudson. Mira promised you wouldn’t be.”

He pursed his lips. “Mira had nothing to do with me coming.”

I started to say something snarky, and then softened as I remembered where he was supposed to be. “Weren’t you taking Sophia to rehab?”

God, that was blunt.

I wanted to say something more comforting, something to let him know I was feeling for him, but I was afraid my compassion might be construed as something else. So I left it at that.

“Already done. I hurried back.” He took a step into the room. “So I could talk to you.”

His quiet tone was so un-Hudson-like, it put me off-balance.

Or his presence in general put me off-balance.

I sighed, rocking from one foot to the other. I should leave. But there were things I wanted to hear him say, whether I could trust them or not. “If you wanted to talk to me so badly, why did you leave yesterday?”

“I had to be at my parents’ for the intervention. If I stayed, I wouldn’t have been able to leave. It was hard enough to leave as it was.” He tilted his head. “And I thought perhaps it was best to let you have your space.”

If he kept saying all the right things, I was screwed.

What am I thinking? I’m screwed anyway.

I leaned against the wall behind me. “But you’re here now.” When he’d promised he wouldn’t be. “How is that letting me have space?”

Do I really want space?

It was hard to answer that question. On the one hand, the walls of the dressing room felt like they were closing in around me. On the other hand, the distance between Hudson and me seemed wider than the Mississippi.

“I couldn’t stay away anymore.” As far away as he was, his words found their destination, piercing through the ice around my heart. “Why were you at the loft?”

I couldn’t stay away anymore. “Because I’m weaker than you give me credit for.”

He stared at the blank wall to the side of us as he scratched the back of his neck. “I was hoping it wasn’t weakness, but a sign that you still cared.” His eyes swung back to me, searching for my reaction.

I almost laughed. “Of course I still care, you asshole. I’m in love with you. You shattered my fucking heart.”

His eyes closed in a long blink. “Alayna, let me fix it.”

“You can’t.”

“Let me try.”

“How?” It was a rhetorical question because there was no answer for it. “Even if I can figure out how to forgive you, I can’t trust you again. I could never believe that you were with me for any reason other than to continue your sick game.”

He flinched only slightly. “I quit all that. You heard me.”

I shrugged. “Maybe it was all a set-up. Maybe you knew I was there the whole time.” He hadn’t known I was there—his expression of surprise when he saw me was genuine. But there were still pounds of bitterness inside me that I had yet to expunge.

“You don’t believe that.”

I made a disapproving sound in the back of my throat. “It’s hard to believe anything after being so totally lied to.”

“For the record,” he bent to catch my eyes with his, “I didn’t lie to you about us. Everything I ever said and did with you was honest.”

“The whole circumstance of our pretend to be my girlfriend sham was a lie.”

“Yes, but that’s all. Every touch, every kiss, every moment between you and me, precious…none of that was pretend. I didn’t want to pretend with you. I wanted every experience with you, every moment to be completely genuine. You’re the first person I have ever let in, the first person who’s ever seen the real me through all the bullshit.” His voice narrowed to a point. “You’re the first person I’ve ever loved, Alayna. And I know you’ll be the last.”

His words hurt. They were everything I’d ever wanted to hear from him and more. But what was the saying? Fool me twice, shame on me.

“I don’t know.” I pressed my fingertips to my forehead. “I don’t know, I don’t know. I don’t know how I can ever believe that you really feel the way you say you do.”

He took another step toward me. “I’m sure that’s true. But I thought of a way to prove that I’m devoted to you.” Another step, and we were now only a handful of feet apart. “Alayna, marry me.”

My gaze flipped up. “What?”

“Marry me. Right now. My plane’s already ready and waiting on the tarmac. All you have to do is say yes and we’re on our way to Vegas.”

“What?” I was in too much shock to say anything else.

“I know you deserve a long engagement and a proper wedding—and we can do that again, whenever you want—but I know right now you need reassurance.”

His hands were all over the place as he talked, totally out of character. Was he high? Nervous? Insane?

“You need confirmation that I am committed to you, Alayna, and there’s no better way I can think of showing you that than to marry you. To declare in a written contract that I’m yours and that I promise to love you forever.”

I settled on insane. “Hudson, you’re crazy.”

“And no prenup either.” He wiped his palms on his jeans. Was he sweating? I sure was. “I’m ready to give you everything I have, to make myself vulnerable, just like you made yourself to me time after time.”

“No prenup? Now I definitely know you’re crazy.” And I was crazy for simply continuing the conversation.

“I am crazy. Crazy without you in my life.” He pushed his hands through his hair. “You’re the only one who’s ever made me better. And you have me by the balls now, Alayna, in so many ways. Because if you say no, if you turn me away, then I’ve lost everything that means anything in my pathetic excuse for a life. But if you say yes, I have to be the one to trust you—you could scam me if you wanted to. You could simply marry me now, divorce me later and half of all I have would be yours.”

As if his money meant anything to me. “I have no interest in your—”

He cut me off. “I know. I know that you would never take advantage of me like that. But the point is you could.” He paced the small room. “This is the only way I can think of to show you that I’m willing to be vulnerable to you. That I trust you.” He turned to face me again. “And that, even though I don’t deserve it, I’m determined to fight to earn back your trust. Even if it takes the rest of my life.”

I was in shock. So many thoughts and emotions swarmed over me that I had no idea what to feel or think. Out of the plethora of reactions brimming to escape, I picked one at random. “Some romantic proposal—marry me so that I can prove you can trust me.”

“No, Alayna,” his voice deepened. “Marry me because I love you. More than life itself.” He squared himself to me. “Marry me today, so I can prove I mean it.”

“Hudson, this is insane.” He didn’t even have a ring. “You destroyed everything we had together. You can’t just fix it by asking me to marry you out of the blue.”

“Why not?” He was desperate, both his tone and his body language gave him away. “Why not?” He shook his hands in front of him for emphasis. “We belong together. For all the wrongs we’ve done—I’ve done—you can’t deny that we make each other better.” He shifted his weight to one hip. “You admit you love me. And I love you. What’s keeping us apart? The fact that we hurt each other? Can you honestly say that you feel less hurt without me around? You came by the loft, Alayna. I know you’re still thinking about me.” He put his hands together, steepling his index fingers. “The only logical reason you can give for not being with me is that you don’t trust that I’m really in it for love. Marry me and you’ll have no doubt.”

His voice lowered as he asked one more time, his eyes begging. “Please, marry me.”

I’d thought about it. More than once. Thought about a forever with Hudson Pierce. And he’d hinted at it before. If I really believed him when he said that the majority of our relationship had been real, then his proposal wouldn’t seem completely out of the blue.

And I did believe that most of it had been real. Not just because I wanted to, but because it had been real to me. The way I loved him didn’t happen in a one-sided relationship. That was the false attraction I’d felt for men in the past, I knew the difference. No, this kind of love only grew from reciprocation. Whatever had been false between us, our love hadn’t been.

But despite what I’d thought about and what we’d felt, there was more between us that hadn’t had time to settle. More that hadn’t healed. Falling into anything with Hudson again, let alone marriage—marriage!—would be like lying out in the sun while still recovering from a bad burn.

Baby steps.

Marriage was not baby steps. And, honestly, I didn’t even know yet if the steps I wanted to take were in that direction. In his direction.

He was waiting for my answer.

I gave it. “No.”

“No?” His expression was more confused than disappointed.

Hudson rarely heard the word no. It was likely shocking to hear it when he most wanted a different answer.

“No,” I repeated. “No.” I straightened. “You think you can fix everything between us by asking me to elope with you? It’s hard for me to even look at you right now. Why would you think I would consider marrying you?”

He opened his mouth and I put my hand up in the air to shush him. “Don’t talk. I don’t want an answer. I need to say some things. Yes, I came to the loft because I missed you. Missed you desperately. But if I’d had any inkling you’d be there, I would have found a way to resist. I’m glad I was there because I found out some things that I needed to know. I’m grateful for what you did. But it doesn’t change you and me. It just makes it easier for me to maybe one day find some closure.”

“Don’t say closure, Alay—” He stopped himself, realizing I wasn’t finished. “Sorry. Go on.”

His willingness to submit to me almost did me in. That had to be hard for him to give me the floor. He got a point for that one.

But he was so behind on the score that a measly point made little difference.

I took a breath and went on. “Even if I could trust you, Hudson, I wouldn’t want to marry a guy just because he scammed me and now he feels bad. And not in Vegas. I’d want my brother and Mira and Adam and Jack. And even Sophia.”

His expression turned hopeful. “You want my family at your wedding? Does that mean I have a shot at being the groom?”

“Once, you did. But now…” Oh, this was hard to say. “Now I can’t see how.”

Though it hurt for me to say the words, it was Hudson who appeared crushed. He closed his eyes and his jaw twitched as his entire body sagged. It struck me that the tables had completely been turned. Wasn’t it usually he who had the emotional control while I was left floundering? He who was even and strong while I fell apart?

Strangely, it didn’t feel any better to be on this side. Because though it seemed like I was in control, inside I was a mess.

Was this what it felt like to be Hudson Pierce?

I couldn’t think about it anymore. None of it. It was time to get off the emotional roller coaster and move the fuck on.

There was no way to the doorway except through him. “I have to leave now, Hudson.”

He made no effort to move. “Alayna, let’s talk about this more. If not this plan, maybe we can talk about something else. Or no plan at all. Just talking to you is nice.”

“I can’t. I need to go.” I was done.

“Alayna…”

“Please,” my voice cracked, “let me go.”

Slowly, reluctantly, he stepped out of my pathway. But just as I was about to step through the door, he slipped in front of me. He put his hands on each side of the frame, not touching me, but blocking my way. “No, I’m not ever letting you go.” His words were raw with emotion. “I’ll let you leave here right now, but I’m not giving up on you. I’ll pursue you like I’ve never pursued anything in my life. I’ll fight until you have no choice but to believe that I love you with everything I am.”

He was so close. I could smell him, breathe him in the same way I had his pillow at the loft. But this was so much better because it was really him. Warmth rolled off him, calling me to his arms. If I simply leaned forward, I’d fall into him.

And the things he was saying—his vow to fight for me—it was hard to resist.

Then Liesl’s advice from that morning came back to me. It was too soon. I needed more time. “Hudson,” I kept my eyes down, unable to meet his gaze. “Let me go.”

He waited a beat, but then he did step back and I slid past, careful not to touch him, though every cell in my body yearned to do just that.

I managed to hold my head high as I walked away from him, even when he called after me. “I’m never giving up, Alayna. I’ll prove myself. You’ll see.”





Chapter Twenty-Three





I went into work that night to find a package with my name on it waiting in the office. “What’s this?” I asked Gwen.

“Beats me. A courier left it for you about half an hour ago. No message.” She went back to counting the money in the safe.

No way to know unless I opened it. Inside, I found a brand new Kindle. I’d never had an e-reader, but I’d used the Kindle app on my computer. I turned it on and found the device was filled with books. Flipping through them, I recognized the titles as the ones on my bookshelves in Hudson’s library. I picked up the wrapping, searching for a card, and finally found one—a simple note, handwritten:

In case you’re missing your books as much as I’m missing you. – H

I stared at the card for several minutes while I tried to quiet my pulse. He was really going to fight for me, then. The realization thrilled me. Gifts weren’t going to cut it though. I couldn’t give a shit about material items. The note—that I’d cherish.

Gwen swung the safe door shut and came to glance over my shoulder. “Ah, so lover boy’s trying to win you back.”

“Supposedly.” I tucked the note in my bra and waited for her traditional love sucks speech.

It didn’t come. “There could be worse things,” she said with more than a hint of melancholy.

It was possible she was right.





Sunday, a delivery service showed up at Liesl’s with a new futon mattress, much thicker and of higher quality than the old one. The card this time read: You should be sleeping well even though I’m not. – H

I glared at Liesl. “How does he know I’m sleeping on a futon?”

She shrugged. “Maybe I said something in one of our texts.”

“You’re texting him?” Wasn’t she supposed to be on my side?

“He had your phone charger delivered the other night to the club. Guess he figured that’s why you hadn’t been responding to him. So I plugged it in and holy Jesus, Laynie, that thing was filled with texts.” She pulled her long hair over one shoulder. “Some of them made me feel a little bad for the guy. I texted him back.”

I swatted her shoulder—or more like shoved. “What the fuck?”

“I told him it was me and not you.” As if that were the reason I was pissed.

“That’s private, Liesl.”

Again she shrugged. “Someone should be reading them. That’s all I’m saying.” She turned to the deliveryman, who just walked up with his clipboard looking for a signature. She signed then looked back at me. “It’s plugged in on top of the fridge if you’re interested.”

It was much later, when I couldn’t sleep despite the comfortable new mattress, that I pulled my phone down from its hiding place. There were more than a hundred unread texts, plus a handful that had been marked read that I hadn’t seen. Apparently Liesl had only viewed some of them.

I curled up on the new futon and began reading. Like the notes he’d been sending, most were sweet, but some were sexy, others desperate. I took my time absorbing each one, intermittently crying and smiling and sometimes even laughing.

Even though I’d responded to none of them so far, each was written as if I would. I rolled my eyes at one sent earlier that day.

I ordered a futon for me as well. Maybe sleeping on it will make me feel closer to you.

And then later, after eleven p.m., he sent several in a row:

God, this sucks shit. I wasn’t sleeping before but at least I was comfortable.

I’ll continue to endeavor, though. If this is how you’re sleeping, I shall as well.

You know, we could both be together in the bed at the penthouse. If I remember correctly, the lack of sleep we got had nothing to do with the comfort of the mattress. ;)

Before I could stop myself, I shot a text back:

Hudson Pierce using an emoticon…will wonders never cease?

It was two in the morning and he responded immediately. He really wasn’t sleeping.

I’m hoping they don’t cease. If I ever have you in my arms again, that will certainly be a wonder. Goodnight, precious.

That night I slept with the phone next to me. Though I didn’t often reply, I read the texts he sent from then on. Each and every one.





The gifts continued through the week with jewelry, tickets to the symphony, and a new laptop. On the days I worked at the club, the packages would be waiting there. Obviously Hudson was still monitoring my schedule, which was both irritating and sort of a turn-on.

Thursday, though, there was nothing on my desk when I arrived. I told myself it was silly to be disappointed. He didn’t have to give me something every day to prove he was thinking about me. And I didn’t want him thinking about me all the time anyway, did I?

I was still mulling around the question, still thinking about him, when the club opened for the evening. Since one of the bartenders had called in sick, I stepped in to help at the upstairs bar. We were hopping before the clock even hit eleven, so I was somewhat distracted when Liesl bent near me. “Did you see the suit at the end of the bar?”

“No,” I said with a scowl. If she thought I would be interested in ogling man candy, she was wrong.

She winked. “Well, check him out then.”

I finished topping the beer mug in my hand and, against my better judgment, shot a glance to the end of the counter.

He was sitting in the same seat that he’d been in the first time I saw him, wearing the same suit, if I wasn’t mistaken.

And the way he stared at me? His eyes held the same heat as they had that night before my graduation. That burn that was more than lust, more than desire, it was possession.

Was it wrong that I smiled?

When I could finally tear myself away from Hudson’s magnetic stare, I made a Scotch, neat, and delivered it to him.

“The service here is excellent,” he said when I handed him his glass. As he took it from me, he brushed his fingers against mine.

Or had that been me that had done that?

Either way, the contact sent goose bumps running down my arms and warmth spreading through my chest. It had been so long since I’d touched him in any form. My body yearned for more while my head sent warning bells to run, run, run.

And my heart played some sort of Switzerland in the whole transaction, deciding not to make its desires clear.

With the war going on inside, I didn’t know what to do or say. I stood frozen, my gaze locked on his. It felt so good—so right—to do nothing but get lost in his grays. Couldn’t I find a way to do this every day of my life?

“Order!” a waitress called from down the counter.

I blinked, recovering from the trance Hudson had me in. “I have to go.” Silly to explain. I didn’t owe him anything. “Um, will you be wanting another when you’ve finished?”

“No, just the one. But I might sit here for a while, if you don’t mind.” His eyes moved down my body. “The view is stunning.”

I turned before he could see my blush.

When he left, over an hour later, he settled his bill with Liesl. I only noticed he was leaving when she handed me an envelope. “This is from the suit.”

I opened it and found a hundred dollar bill and a certificate to his spa in Poughkeepsie—the same gifts he’d given me that night in May.

“Liesl, I’ll, um, I’ll be right back.” Maybe it was because I was disappointed to see him go, but I came up with an excuse to run after him.

“Hudson!” I yelled when I found him outside headed toward the parking garage.

He stopped and waited for me to catch up.

I held the envelope out toward him. “I can’t accept this. I’m in charge here. I can’t leave for a week to go to a spa.”

It suddenly occurred to me that we hadn’t talked about my job since our break-up. “Unless you’d rather I wasn’t working here.”

“Don’t ever think that.” His tone was harsh, final. “If you think you can’t work with me as your owner, I’ll give you the club.” He would too, knowing him.

And that was definitely not a gift I could accept. “I just want to keep my job, thank you.”

He softened. “It’s yours as long as you want it.” He pushed my hand that still held the envelope back toward me. “And the certificate—keep it. You can use it anytime you want. There’s no expiration.” His fingers lingered on mine.

Was this what we’d been reduced to? Stealing touches at any opportunity possible? Making up reasons to talk?

I pulled my hand—and the envelope—away from his. “Fine. Whatever.”

A chill ran through me, though the night was warm. Frantically, I searched for something else to say. “There’s another thing.” I took a deep breath. There really was something I’d been avoiding. “I need to get my stuff from the penthouse.”

His mouth tightened. “I wish you wouldn’t do that.”

I ignored him. It was the easiest way to deal with statements like that. Especially when I so liked the way they sounded on his lips. “I want to come get the rest of my things Monday.”

“I can have it packed and moved for you, if you’d like.”

“I’d rather pack it myself.” If he packed, I’d end up with all sorts of things that didn’t belong to me—things he wanted me to have. As sweet as it might be, I didn’t want his gifts. I also didn’t have any room for them in the apartment with Liesl. Even if we got a two-bedroom place together as we’d been talking about doing, we couldn’t afford anything that big.

“At least let me arrange a truck.” His tone was insistent, but his eyes were pleading. It was hard to resist.

So I didn’t. “Okay. You can do that.” Only because it was going to be a pain to do it myself. And he did owe me.

“It’s done.” His lip curled up at the edge. “This doesn’t mean I’m done trying to win you back.”

“I didn’t think for a second that it did.” Though I bit back a smile, my pleasure at his declaration showed in my voice.

Hudson tilted his head to study me. “You say that as if you almost enjoy my groveling.”

I rolled my eyes and turned toward the club with a wave. But I couldn’t resist calling back over my shoulder, “I couldn’t say, H. I haven’t really seen you grovel yet.”





Friday and Saturday saw more gifts delivered—a coffee table book of pictures from the Poconos and concert tickets to Phillip Phillips.

“He’s, like, recalling your entire relationship with this stuff, isn’t he?” Liesl said on Sunday as I opened the box that had arrived that morning. “I hate to say it, but he’s kinda good.”

I wadded up the brown packaging paper from the box and tossed it at her. “Shut up.”

“What’s this one?”

“I don’t know yet.” I pulled out the John Legend CD I found inside and read the song list on back. I knew of the artist but had never listened to any of his music. The case wasn’t sealed so I opened it easily and found Hudson’s note.

This is the song that makes me think of you. Track 6. - H

R&B. Huh. Hudson rarely listened to music around me. When he did, he deferred to me to choose. I didn’t even know what style he liked. Was this it?

I looked back at the song list and found track six. “All of Me,” I read out loud. “I don’t know it. Do you?”

“Never heard of it. Let’s stick it in.” She grinned and added her own, “That’s what she said.”

Shaking my head at her, I pulled out my new laptop, put in the disc and pushed play on the track Hudson had indicated. I leaned my head back against the futon and listened.

The song started with a haunting piano line. Then a tenor voice crooned about a beautiful woman with a smart mouth who had the singer distracted and spinning. He was a mess, but it was all good, because no matter how crazy she made him, she was still everything to him.

It was the chorus that had me in tears, when he sang about “all of me” loving “all of you” and offered to give all of himself to her in exchange for the same.

Sure, it was just a song, but if it really held the message that Hudson meant for me to hear, well, I couldn’t help but hear it loud and clear. If he could really give all of himself to me—no more walls, no more secrets—then what was left holding us back? The past?

But my own history was imperfect. I’d even shown him my flaws on more than one occasion. He’d forgiven me and stuck around. Fixed me and found me and made me whole.

And now…

Not saying a word when I set the song to repeat, Liesl sat next to me and pulled me to her shoulder.

“Liesl, I don’t care anymore,” I sobbed into her shirt. “Even if I shouldn’t be with him, I can’t live without him. He makes me feel better about me. I don’t care anymore about what he did in the past. I only care that he’s around in my future.”

She rocked me back and forth. “No one’s telling you what you should or shouldn’t do here. Either way, you got my support.”

“Good, because I think I’m going to give him another chance.” I wasn’t quite sure what that chance would be yet—dinner? A date? Lots of dates?

That was a decision for tomorrow.





Though I didn’t have a lot to pack up from the penthouse, I wanted to get started on it early enough in the day that we’d be long gone before Hudson arrived home from work. Getting Liesl anywhere before noon, however, proved difficult.

“Maybe I could join you later,” she said, burying her head in her pillow at my first attempt to drag her out of bed.

“But I need you the whole time,” I whined. “Please?”

The pleading worked, but she tried again to get out of going as we were getting in the cab. Then at The Bowery, she suggested that she make a coffee run and join me later.

“There’s a beautiful Keurig inside. Best coffee ever. I’ll make you as many mugs as you want.” Maybe Liesl wasn’t really big on packing.

“Fine.”

It was much easier to go inside the building with Liesl along. As we went up in the elevator, I wrapped my arm around hers, grateful for the support. Though I hadn’t been living there for two weeks, moving out was big. It reeked of finality. And with my recent decision to let Hudson back in my life in some way, I wasn’t quite looking for finality. I needed Liesl to talk me out of anything stupid.

Like deciding to leave my stuff there and not move out.

When the door opened to the apartment, I waited for Liesl to step out first. She didn’t move so I went ahead of her. I turned around and put my hand on the side to keep the elevator open. “Aren’t you coming?”

“Uh…” her eyes grew wide. Then she pushed my arm out of the door and pressed a button on the call panel. “Don’t hate me!” she called as the doors shut.

What the fuck? I heaved a frustrated air of breath out of my lungs and closed my eyes. Either Liesl had somewhere else she wanted to be or she had something up her sleeve. And if it was the latter, there was no doubt Hudson was involved.

Might as well find out what was up.

I opened my eyes and peered around the corner of the foyer toward the living area. It was empty. Not just empty as in no Hudson, but empty as in no furniture. None. I wandered into the room to be sure I wasn’t going crazy.

Well, if I were going crazy, the delusion I was having was of an apartment with no furniture. I glanced at the dining room. Also empty. Strangely, the place didn’t feel any more cold and lonely than it had when I’d been there the last time. But the emptiness put me off. I couldn’t understand what it meant. Was my stuff gone as well?

I backtracked and pushed the door open to the library. This room was only mostly empty. The sofa and desk and all the rest of the furniture were gone, but the shelves still contained all my books and movies. The books I’d pulled that Celia had marked were gone from the floor, but several boxes were stacked against the wall.

I walked toward the stack, intending to peek in and see if the books were there, but it was sealed.

“Those are new books.”

Ah, there he is.

I turned slightly to find Hudson leaning in the door frame. Again he was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Dammit, he hadn’t even planned on going to work if he was dressed like that. And he looked extra yummy. Somehow he had arranged that as well, I was sure of it.

He nodded again at the box I was still touching. “They’re for you. To replace the ones that had been damaged.”

“Oh,” I said. Then I frowned.

“What is it?”

“I have nowhere to put all these.” I hadn’t intended to take them. They were beautiful and I loved them, but in New York City, that many books were a luxury.

He sighed softly and I could tell the rejection of his gift hurt, no matter what the reason. But all he said was, “I’ll keep them for as long as you want me to.”

“Thank you.” I caught myself scanning his body. It was impossible not to. He was so good-looking, and I missed him so much. Though I’d planned my move on a day that he wouldn’t be around, I was happy to see him. Elated, actually.

I wondered if he could see that in my smile. “I didn’t expect you to be here.” I’m so glad you are.

“You didn’t say I couldn’t be.”

“It was implied,” I teased.

He caught my eyes with his. “You don’t seem that horribly pissed to see me.”

God, the butterflies were stirring in my belly. Not the tug of fixation that used to make me act crazy, but the twitters I felt only with Hudson. It had confused me when I first felt it those months ago, but now I recognized it for what it was—a combination of nerves and excitement and attraction and anticipation. It was such a gloriously delicious feeling.

Surprisingly, it eclipsed the still fresh wounds from his betrayal.

Still, I was scared. And I didn’t know what he was up to. His stuff was gone from the apartment. I didn’t like what that had to mean. What did it mean? “Where is everything?”

His lips drew tight. “Your stuff is still all here.”

“But where’s your stuff?”

With another deep breath, he threw his eyes to the window then brought them back to me. “I can’t live here without you, Alayna.”

“So you’re moving out?” I didn’t know how I felt about that.

Strike that, I did know. I didn’t like it. At all. The penthouse was where our real relationship had taken place. I hated the idea of someone else being in our space.

And Hudson moving out because I wasn’t there—that meant he didn’t really believe I’d ever be back.

I was too late. He was giving up on me.

But his next words tossed everything up in the air again. “Actually, I hope I’m moving in.”

The twists and turns of this interaction had me flustered and on edge. I had to call an emotional timeout before I broke down. “H, you confuse me enough without you trying to be confusing. Could you say something I can understand?”

“I confuse you?” His eyes sparkled with satisfaction.

“Is this a surprise?”

He shrugged.

“So you’re moving in?” I prompted. Dammit, why did he have to be so difficult?

Seeming to sense I was on my last nerve, he answered. “One day. I hope.” He rubbed his lips together—ah, I missed those sweet lips. “But for now, I want you to live here.”

“What?” One day a proposal, another live in my million dollar penthouse without me. The man certainly knew how to keep me on my toes.

He also had no idea what I really wanted or needed from him.

Hudson’s expression grew serious again. “I can’t live here without you, precious.” His words were soft and low, but I could hear him clearly. “But I don’t want to sell it, because I love being here with you. Someday, you and I will be here again. While I’m waiting for you—scratch that—while I’m groveling for your forgiveness, it’s a shame to let it sit empty. You and Liesl should move in.”

“I can’t accept that, H.” My eyes felt watery. But at least he’d said he wasn’t giving up on me.

“I had a feeling you’d say that.” He sighed, giving up much more easily than was characteristic. “Then it will have to sit.”

I bit back the urge to say we could live here together and offered instead, “You could rent it out.”

His brows rose. “I could rent it out to you.”

I laughed.

“Best rent in town—only cost you a weekly dinner with the landlord.”

“Stop it.” I was still smiling.

“Biweekly then. I’m not above bargaining.”

“Hudson.” He had no idea that he already had me sold. Not on moving in, but on the dates.

“Fine, monthly. I’ll take whatever scraps you’re willing to give me.” He studied me. “You’re considering giving me scraps now, aren’t you?”

“Maybe.” How did he read me so easily? And why was it so easy to be with him when he’d hurt me so deeply?

The question scared me, so I skirted the issue. “Seriously, though, where’s all your stuff? Did you get another place?” All his furniture wouldn’t fit in the loft.

He shook his head. “I gave it all to a charity fundraiser.”

“Lifestyles of the rich and famous.” Though I couldn’t say I’d miss any of it. It was beautiful furniture, but Celia had chosen it all. I was quite happy with the thought of the less fortunate benefitting from it.

It seemed Hudson felt the same. “I wasn’t attached to any of it.” He straightened and walked into the room, gesturing to the empty space. “This entire apartment was perfectly designed to my tastes and style, but it never felt like a home.” He stopped a couple feet from me. “Not until you, Alayna. You made it come alive. The things that were here—they were chosen for me by someone I want completely removed from my life. Right now, the things here are the only things that made this house a place I’d want to live. Your things. You.”

“I…” My throat was too tight to speak.

“And when I move back in, we can refurnish this place from scratch. Together. You and I.”

I took in a shuddering breath. “You’re so sure that one day I’ll take you back.” The outlook was getting better and better.

“I’m hopeful.” He smiled mischievously. “Would you like to see how hopeful I am?”

“Sure.” Really, all I wanted was for him to pull me into his arms. I was almost certain that was where we’d end up. But the game we were playing to get there was intriguing.

Hudson dug in his pocket and pulled out something small and silver. “I bought this.”

He held the object by the jewel so I couldn’t really see all of it at first, but when I realized what it was, my breath caught. Because it was a ring. The ring.

He dropped it in my palm for me to examine. It wasn’t silver after all—it was platinum, if I guessed right. And the jewel was surrounded by two tapered baguette stones that led the eye to a round, brilliantly cut diamond in the center. It was at least two and half carats, maybe three. Maybe even four, for all I knew.

Tears gathered in my eyes and bewilderment muddled my brain. He’d handed it to me—it wasn’t a proposal. What was this then? A way to mess with me?

“There’s an inscription,” Hudson said softly, as though he could read my confusion.

I blinked to clear my vision enough to read: I give you all of me.

Then he bent down on one knee.

It was a proposal.

I couldn’t speak, couldn’t think, couldn’t even breathe.

“I realized something about the last time I asked this,” he said from his place on the floor in front of me. “I did it wrong. First, I didn’t have a ring, and second, I should have gotten on one knee. But more importantly, I didn’t give you the right thing. I offered you everything I had, thinking that was the way to win your heart. That wasn’t what you wanted at all. The only thing you ever asked for, the only thing I would never give you, was me.”

A sob escaped my throat, but for the first time in days, it wasn’t a sorrowful sob.

“But now I do.” Hudson threw his arms out to the side. “Here I am, precious. I give myself freely. All of me, Alayna. No more walls or secrets or games or lies. I give you all of me, honestly. For forever, if you’ll take it.”

He took the ring from my grasp. With hands that were so steady compared to my shaky one, he slipped it on my finger.

I stared at it, shining brilliantly on my hand like a beacon in the darkness I’d been living in. Was he really asking me to marry him? Not elope, but marriage? Was this really something I could actually consider?

My plan to let him back into my life had been much simpler and less drastic—like a dinner and a movie type of thing. Not a proposal.

But that had always been Hudson. He moved fast and furiously, but when he truly wanted something, he committed with everything he had. If I said no, if I turned him away, I knew without a doubt he’d ask again and again. And again.

That wasn’t a reason to accept a marriage proposal.

The reason to accept was because I loved Hudson Pierce with every fiber of my being. Even his flaws and imperfections attracted me to him. They made him who he was. And I wanted all of him. I wanted to give him all of me.

And he had a lot of making up to do to me. Forever might just be the only way he’d get it covered.

“Alayna, I love you.” He drew my gaze from the ring to his eyes—his wildly intense, passionate eyes that shown brighter than the diamond on my hand. “Will you marry me? Not today, and not in Vegas, but in a church if you like, or at Mabel Shores in the Hamptons—”

Somehow I found my voice. “Or the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens during the cherry blossom season?”

“Yes, there.” His eyes widened. “Is that a—”

“Yes,” I nodded. “It’s a yes.”

Hudson pulled me onto his knee and into his arms faster than I could blink. “Say it again.”

“Yes,” I whispered, placing my hand on his cheek. “Yes, I’ll marry you.”

His lips found mine, and it was like a first kiss—soft and tentative. Then our mouths parted and our tongues met and the kiss gathered from a fragile breeze into a raging storm. One of his hands tangled in my hair, the other cupped my face, holding me as if he feared I wouldn’t stay, as if I might disappear.

And the way I held him was the same. I wrapped my arms around his neck, clutching onto him with all my strength. When our kiss began to metamorphosis into something bigger, something that required more of our body to be touching, and less of our clothing to be on, he grabbed his hand around my thigh, lifting it around his waist as he stood. I threw my other leg around him, hooking my ankles together at his backside and bucked my hips, rubbing against his crotch.

Damn, I’d missed this. Missed him—all of him. His touch was searing, his kiss burned me to my core. And the solidness of his body, his strong arms, his muscled chest—he was my foundation. Sturdy and fixed. Permanent.

Permanently mine.

We were halfway down the hall, our lips still locked when I realized I had no idea where he was taking me. If the house was empty, did it matter that we made it to the bedroom?

Asking, though, would require me to let go of his tongue, and the growl he made as I sucked on it made that not an option I wanted to consider.

I got my answer soon enough anyway. Hudson pushed into our bedroom and in my peripheral vision I saw on the floor, minus the bedframe, our mattress.

He toed his shoes off and then dropped with me onto the bed.

“You left the mattress?” I asked while he pulled my shirt over my head.

His shirt disappeared quickly after. “I picked it out myself. Besides, I couldn’t bear to part with it. It has too many memories.”

Yes, it does.

And more to be made. A lifetime of them, in fact. Oh my god, a lifetime with Hudson.

He bent down to nip my breast through my bra, bringing me sharply back to the present.

I moaned breathily. “Are you sure you weren’t simply—” I moaned again as he nipped my other breast. “—being prepared for me to say yes?”

His mouth returned to mine. “There may have been a little bit of that,” he said against my lips, his hands reaching behind me to undo the clasp of my bra.

“You know me so well, don’t you?”

He grinned and lowered his gaze to my breasts newly released from captivity. “I want to know you better.” He licked around one taut nipple. “I want to know you better right now. God, I’ve missed your gorgeous body.”

And god, how I’d missed the things he did to it. Was there a manual somewhere entitled How to Please Alayna? If so, Hudson had surely memorized the thing. More likely, he’d written it. He knew how to please me better than I knew how to please myself.

As he teased and taunted my breasts, making me dizzy with desire, I reached down to cup his erection through his jeans. The warmth of it, the hardness, even through the thick denim material, had a geyser going off in my panties.

I stroked along the length of his imprisoned cock. “I remember this.”

“Uh-uh. First we’re focusing on you.” He already had a hand traveling beneath the band of my yoga pants, determined to prove his point.

“But I like this.” I petted him again. “There should definitely be some of this.”

“Oh, there will be a whole lot of this.” He bucked into my palm then turned his attention back to what his hand was doing. What his hand was doing so well. His thumb had settled on my clit, swirling across it with expert pressure.

I wiggled underneath him, wishing I was naked and that he was naked and that we were to the next part where he was inside me. I was desperate for that.

But Hudson made me wait. He dipped a finger inside me and I gasped.

“Jesus, Alayna. You’re so wet. Do you know how hard that makes me? You’re so wet and juicy that I’m tempted to lick you clean. But I’m anxious and missing you and I need my cock inside you as soon as possible. Tasting you will have to wait until the next round.”

“Next round?” I was a bit delirious with the awesomeness of this round.

He added a second finger, bending them so that they rubbed against that magic spot that only Hudson ever knew how to find. Quickly my belly tightened and my legs began to quiver.

“You’re so turned on—you’re going to come fast, aren’t you, precious?”

That was all it took to push me over. Pleasure washed over me in a tidal wave, and I let out a moan, digging my fingers into his back as he continued to rub me and finger me until the last spasm trembled through me.

Hudson sucked the lobe of my ear and then praised me. “Good girl. You’re so fucking sexy when you come. It makes me so hard my cock throbs.”

Fuck, his mouth alone was going to send me over again.

Hudson removed his hand from my pussy and pulled off my pants and underwear. “Remember our first night in the Hamptons? When I made love to you so many times that you were sore the next day?”

“How could I forget?” I watched in a haze as he stripped out of his jeans and briefs. His cock sprung free, harder and thicker than I’d ever remembered it being.

Hudson Pierce naked.

I had to swallow. Twice. There wasn’t any sight on Earth that compared to the mouth-watering deliciousness in front of me.

And it was all mine. Forever.

Hudson climbed on top of me, covering me with his body. “That night is going to pale in comparison to today, precious. Today, I’m going to make love to you sweetly and tenderly. Then I’m going to fuck you so long and hard, your beautiful pussy is going to be raw. You won’t be able to stand, let alone walk. After that, I’m going to go down on you until you’re shivering and coming all over my tongue. And then we’ll do it all again.”

My pussy clenched at the promises being made. “You’re such a big talker.”

“I sure hope that wasn’t a challenge,” he said, settling between my thighs. “Because if it was, game on.”

Now that was a game I didn’t mind that he played.

I wrapped my legs around Hudson, ready for him to enter me. But he paused, his tip grazing my opening.

“Hurry.” I tilted my hips up, prodding him. “I want you inside.”

He ran a hand through my hair and laid a kiss on the tip of my nose. “Patience, precious. We have time, and I need to feel you.”

He slid into me then, slowly and with great patience. I cried out at the agonizing sweetness as he filled me and stretched me and buried his cock inside of me. When I thought he couldn’t possibly go any further, he bent my thighs up toward my chest and pushed in more.

Ah, he was throbbing. I could feel him pulse against my walls as he sank deeper, deeper.

“You feel so good, precious.” He pulled out ever so slightly and thrust back in with a circle of his hips. “Rough, gentle—how do you want me?”

“You’re giving me a say?” I blinked up at him.

His lip curled up slightly at the edge. “This time.”

I loved him every way he gave himself to me. The only thing that mattered was that he did. “You decide. I trust you.”

And I did trust him. Maybe not at the level that I could or once did, but we were a work in progress. We had time.

He seemed to like that answer. His eyes melted and his face softened. As he moved inside me, he clasped my hands in his and leaned his forehead against mine. “I love you, Alayna. My precious. My love.”

We danced together, enjoying each other, loving each other as we took each other higher and higher. Pleasing each other in the ways we’d learned in the past and in new ways as well. It wasn’t exactly sweet and it wasn’t exactly rough and it wasn’t exactly frenzied or passionate or gentle even—but it was all of that, rolled together. It was everything. And it was exactly perfect.





Epilogue





April





She’s the most beautiful bride that’s ever graced the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens. Hell, she’s the most beautiful bride that’s ever graced the Earth. I can’t keep my eyes off her. Her dress hugs her gorgeous tits and her slim hips then trains out behind her. And the corset style in the back is fuck hot. I can’t wait to undress her later. Though, when I finally get the chance, I have a feeling those ties will be more frustrating than sexy.

Though sometimes the frustration is half the fun.

And it’s necessary. “Without struggle there is no progress,” Alayna loves to tell me. It’s a quote she learned in her counseling that she feels suits us fairly frequently. She’s said it so many times in the last nine months that I was almost surprised it wasn’t embroidered on our wedding napkins.

Honestly, the truth that lies in that simple statement is astounding. Though I am a man of commitment, a man who doesn’t walk away from a challenge, I am the first to admit that the road from our engagement to our wedding was paved with boulders and potholes. Even though she said yes on that day back in August, there were many times I’m sure she was tempted to break it off afterward. Moments when I shut down and forgot how to let her in. Days when I pushed her away because I believed that I could never be worthy of her love.

Then there was the biggest issue of all—trust. I’d shattered every ounce of trust that existed between us, and rebuilding it took time. And therapy. Not just for myself, but for us as a couple. I’d thought working out my own problems was hard. Adding another person to the mix added a whole new dimension of struggle.

There was so much healing to be done, wounds that threatened to never scar over. Embracing Alayna’s obsessive tendencies was natural for me, but I have had to learn how to not overly attach myself to her jealousies and insecurities. It can become enabling and as much as it’s a turn-on to have her need me, I love her all the more when she’s whole on her own. When she’s strong and confident.

My healing has been much more tenuous. Abandoning the game I’d played for a lifetime proved the easiest part. With Alayna in my life, I have no desire to be cruel and heartless like that again. But my inclination to manipulate and master runs deeper. I don’t even recognize when I’m molding a situation to my whims. Alayna, kind and forgiving woman that she is, often doesn’t point out when I’m wielding and dominating. A great deal of the time, she even likes it. But she also doesn’t wish to give too much power to my weaknesses. So she calls me on it more and more, and I in turn attempt to let go. To let things run their natural course.

That has been the most difficult part for me, the hardest component of recovery.

But the progress has been amazing. We wouldn’t be here today if it hadn’t been for the steps we took together to strengthen our relationship. And while I’m sure the struggle isn’t over simply because I’ve slipped a ring on her finger, we know that we’re worth the fight.

She’s worth the fight.

Look what my reward has been? Even without our wedding vows, she’s mine. And I’m hers. Completely and absolutely.

The ceremony was simple—that’s how she wanted it, and her wish is my command. Mirabelle and Liesl and Gwen, who has become a surprisingly good friend to Alayna, stood as her bridesmaids. Their pale pink dresses exactly matched the blossoms on Alayna’s veil and in the garden. How Mirabelle managed that, I’ll never know. I’ll thank her later for her contributions to my wife’s day.

My wife.

I’ll never get tired of saying that—wife. Who would have believed that I’d ever have one of those? I’d never been a man who intended to marry. My mother and father didn’t present a pretty picture of matrimony, and I had no understanding of the concept of romantic love. It took Alayna to teach it to me. She’s been the best teacher possible—patient and forgiving beyond what I deserve.

She hates it when I say that about myself—that I’m undeserving, and I suppose it’s the same way I feel when she talks destructively about her own past. The difference, of course, is that her weaknesses and imperfections didn’t almost destroy us as mine did. There are days it’s hard to live with myself because of the lie that I wrapped her in. She soothes me then, fixing me with her love. “We would never have found each other if it weren’t for your game,” she tells me.

I don’t believe that, though. I would have always found her.

Always. Without a doubt.

It’s not an exaggeration when I say I fell for her at first sight. If anything, I downplay. Not on purpose. The effect she had on me is simply beyond words, and when I attempt to voice it, the true experience becomes abridged and reduced. In all honesty, the woman who stood on that stage left me speechless. Her business ideas were only part of it. They were sound and innovative, but really, there are bright, intelligent up-and-comers around every corner. This went beyond that. I can’t even pinpoint if it was her mannerisms or her pattern of speaking or the shocking depth to her chocolate brown eyes. Whatever it was, there was a definite recognition of her soul by mine. An awareness of something greater that tied us to each other upon first acquaintance. As if some part of me had always known she was out there, had been waiting for her to come and bring me to life.

It took me quite some time to label that as love. At first, I didn’t know what it was. And now that I do, I still hesitate to call it that since the word fails to express the multi-dimensional way I feel for her. But it’s the nearest thing I have, and I say it to her now as often as I can. Then I try to tell her what I really mean by that simple four-letter verb. That not only does my world revolve around her, but she is my world. That she’s not just my reason for breathing, she’s air itself. That she’s the meaning behind every one of my thoughts, every thrum of my pulse, every whisper of my conscience. She’s my entire everything. It’s as simple and as complex as that.

I don’t know that she’ll ever understand, but I’ll happily spend my lifetime trying to show her.

I gaze around the crowd of people that have shown up to celebrate our special day and think it’s funny how, now that I know what it means to love and be loved, I see it everywhere. In the way that Adam tends to the baby and tags along behind Mirabelle as she flits from one person to another. In the way my father held my mother’s hand during the ceremony. In the tender look that Brian had for his younger sister when he gave her to me to wed. Has there always been all this love in the world? How have I never seen it before Alayna Withers showed up in my life?

Alayna Pierce now. Doesn’t that have a nice ring?

She’s coming to me now, and my grin widens. I haven’t stopped smiling since she walked down that aisle. I’m sure I look ridiculous.

“Hey, handsome,” she says in that lusty voice of hers that makes my cock twitch. “It’s time for the first dance.”

I let her lead me to the center of the Esplanade. It’s impressive how fast the crew we hired transposed the ceremony arrangement to a reception area. We could have moved to the Atrium or another venue all together as our wedding planner suggested, but Alayna wanted the whole event to be outdoors among the blossoms. It was a good decision. The Brooklyn Botanic Society doesn’t usually rent out the whole garden for weddings. It’s amazing what they’ll do for a large donation.

The emcee announces our first dance as I pull my bride into my arms. “What will our first dance be to, Mrs. Pierce?”

I know nothing she has planned for the reception. Alayna took care of all the wedding details. I offered to help, but she preferred to surprise me. The tables will be turned when I get her on the plane to our honeymoon destination. She has no idea that we’ll be staying in a private cabana in the Maldives Islands for three weeks. I’d considered Italy or Greece—both locations that she’s mentioned wanting to visit—but out of my own selfishness, I chose a tropical setting. It will be easier to keep her naked on a private beach than at the site of an ancient ruin or in an art museum.

“Patience, Mr. Pierce.” She’s always so good at throwing my own lines back to me.

The music starts and I smile. All of Me. Of course.

She snuggles into my arms and I bury my head in her neck, breathing in the scent of her. Her cherry body wash mingles with the blossoms in the air, but none of it can completely cover up the delicious aroma of Alayna’s skin—a combination of salt and sweet that I can’t describe but would recognize anywhere.

Though I want to hold her and enjoy her in this tender first dance as a married couple, I feel that I’ve had so little chance to talk to her today, and I can’t stop myself from doing so now. “It’s a beautiful wedding, Alayna. You did an excellent job.”

I feel her cheek tug into a smile at my shoulder. “Thank you. I had a lot of help, thanks to your money.”

“Our money,” I correct. As I’d promised the first time I asked her to marry me, I demanded no prenup. What’s mine is hers, openly and without question. I wonder if she’ll ever get used to it.

“Our money,” she concedes. “And it’s going well, I think.”

“Very well.” Very well, indeed.

“Did you notice Chandler’s been following Gwen around like a lost puppy?”

I had noticed. Though there’s too much lust in his eye for me to understand the puppy comparison. “She doesn’t seem to mind.” Gwen’s gaze also holds a degree of desire. Can Alayna see it?

“No, she doesn’t.” Alayna giggles. She does see it, then. “And everyone seems happy.”

“Everyone does at that.” And I’m the happiest.

She places a kiss on my neck that sends a jolt to my cock. “Even your mother has managed to remain polite.”

The mention of my mother has me limp. “She does seem slightly more in control of herself now that she’s sober.” Sophia’s only been home from upstate since January. She missed Mirabelle’s baby’s birth, something that I believe she regrets deeply, but she’s better now than she was, and I believe even Sophia thinks the sacrifice is worth it. “She still is a nasty old bitch, though, isn’t she?”

Alayna laughs, her hair tickling my neck with the movement, the sound tickling my heart with its purity. “You said it, not me.”

I hold her tighter and kiss her temple. This is everything I ever needed and never knew I wanted, wrapped up in the most beautiful of packages. Well, not quite everything. There’s still one thing left on the list.

I broach the subject I’ve been avoiding in a passive way. Perhaps it’s manipulative, but it’s who I am. “I saw you with Arin Marise, earlier. You’re so good with her.”

Arin Marise Sitkin is Adam and Mirabelle’s baby. My sister insists that she gave her daughter a name that couldn’t be shortened so that I’ll call her what everyone else calls her. But I’ve taken to calling her Arin Marise just to rile her up. She’s five and a half months old now, all cheeks and grins. Arin’s petite like her mother but feisty. You only notice her small stature in comparison to Braden, Alayna’s nephew who’s only four months old, but almost twice as big as Arin.

Alayna and I have never talked about children, not about our children, anyway. I’ve seen her with Arin and Braden and fallen in love with her all over again with the care and gentleness she gives them, but I’ve never brought up the actual topic. Perhaps it scared me, but it doesn’t scare me now. Not now that I know she’s mine truly and deeply no matter how this conversation goes.

I pull back from our embrace to look in her eyes, thinking I should probably put this off until a more appropriate time, but unable to wait another second to ask. “Do you…” I begin then start over. “Have you thought about children of your own?”

She leans forward to kiss my throat then, with her eyes cast down, says tentatively, “I’d probably fuck them up.”

That had always been my fear, and if it weighs too heavily on her, I’ll abandon the whole idea. I kiss her head again and then ask outright, “Would you like to fuck them up with me?”

She laughs again and meets my gaze, her eyes misty and her face aglow. “Yes,” she says without any hesitation or trace of doubt. “I’d love to.”

“Good.” I draw her closer and spin her around. “We can get started tonight in the plane. Or right now, if you prefer. I saw a rather large oak in one of the smaller gardens. I’m almost certain we could hide there, even with this dress of yours.”

“I’d love to see how you plan to get at me with all this material in the way.”

I nip at her ear. “Oh, precious, I’m very resourceful. Need I remind you that I’m a man who gets what he wants?” Again I lean back to look in her eyes. “And anyone who ever doubted that only needs to look at me right now to know it’s true. Everything I want is here, in my arms.”

“I love you,” she murmurs.

“I love you first.” And last. And everything in between.

I kiss her, sweetly, chastely enough for our onlookers, but with just enough bite that she knows I mean it. Then our dance is over and it’s time for her to dance with her brother and me with Sophia.

Reluctantly, I let her go. I can bear these few minutes apart. I have her for a lifetime.



Chapter One





I sign in on the form and hand the clipboard back to the volunteer manning the desk.

The young man’s brows rise in recognition of my name. “Mr. Pierce!” He stands from his seat and sticks out his hand to shake mine. “I didn’t expect it would be you representing Pierce Industries. I thought you’d send someone.”

I shake his hand, out of politeness, then force a stiff smile. “Surprise.” God, I hate small talk. Especially from this twenty-two year old ass-kisser who likely hopes this interaction will earn him employment at my company. I’m afraid it’s not that easy to even get an interview.

He lowers his focus to the nametags on the table, searching for the one with the Pierce Industries logo. He hands it to me, and I pocket it. I refuse to wear it. I’m easily enough recognized without advertising it.

The man—nothing more than a boy, really—seems disappointed. Whether it’s because I’m not as charismatic or charming as he’d imagined or because I dismissed the damn nametag, I can’t be certain. Frankly, I don’t give a shit. Once upon a time, his emotions would have elicited more interest from me. Now, they’re barely a blip on my radar. I’ll never understand them. No point in wasting my time trying.

His smile is professional as he gives me the portfolio for the evening’s presentation. At the same time, I feel a small hand press into my back. I tense. I know that hand.

I glance behind me, confirming my suspicion as I start toward the lecture hall. “What are you still doing here? I gave you what you wanted.”

“I’m already here. I thought I’d stay.” As she trots to keep up with me, Celia’s heels echo on the marble floor of the Kauffman Management Center, the house of NYU’s Stern School of Business.

I stop at the door to the hall and turn to her. “You weren’t invited.”

Her lids flutter ever so slightly, and I know my words have stung. “You could invite me. We rarely see each other anymore.” She lowers her voice. “I miss you.”

My jaw ticks, and I let out a slow breath. Celia is the one person I’ve been advised not to spend time with. She’s also the one person who understands me better than anyone else. It’s a war I wage daily—being with her is akin to being a drunk in a liquor store. She tempts me to indulge in wicked ways, even if she doesn’t intend to. And I’m certain that she usually does intend to.

But she’s my only friend, if that’s what you would call our relationship. Without her, I’m all alone.

“Fine; you’re invited,” I resign. I open the door and hold it for her to walk through. “I don’t know why you want to be here. These things are boring as hell.”

I follow her down a row toward the back of the room and take two seats in the middle. The hall is small, and there are less than ten other corporate representatives currently seated. We could easily move closer, but Celia knows me well enough to understand that I prefer to be removed from situations such as these.

She leans toward me, the scent of her too-strong designer perfume pervading my space. “If it’s boring, why do you even come? You could send someone who’s twenty rungs down the ladder from you.”

I pause, deciding if I want to explain. The annual Stern Symposium is the only event of its type that I attend. While the majority of the presentations are dull, I’ve found a handful of stellar students in the mix. A good find is rare and not worth the two hours I spend here every year, but that isn’t the reason I continue to show up. Any of my execs could come in my place and be a better use of time management.

Still, I insist on coming myself. Partly, I’m curious. I want to know the ideas and trends emerging from the top schools. It’s an attempt to stay in touch, to remind myself how to be fresh and innovative like the MBA graduates that will present tonight.

There’s also another reason I attend, a reason that’s less tangible and harder to put into words. It’s been eight years since I finished my own business degree. Then I went straight to managing my father’s company. I’ve become known for my cutting edge corporate decisions, my contemporary workplace vision. But the truth of the matter is that everything was handed to me. I never had to fight for it or earn it like the students we will soon see. I’m ambitious and intelligent, but they have a passion and a fortitude that is intriguing. It inspires me. Most of them will do anything to make it to the top. They want to be me, to have what I have. They look up to me to show them how to get there.

And I look up to them.

Celia would never understand, so I simply say, “You never know what gems you might find.” I pick up the portfolio from my lap and flip through it absently as I speak. “Don’t blame me, though, when you have to fight to stay awake. And don’t even think of trying to get me to leave.”

“I won’t do either. I’ll be a good girl.”

My eyes dart to her legs as she crosses one over the other. They’re attractive, I’ll admit. She’s attractive. I’d be a liar if I said otherwise. But I am not attracted to her in that way. Not at all. It’s likely a symptom of my inability to love, though I do take interest in other women. Women I don’t know. I fuck them and have a good time, but that’s all. Celia is the only woman besides my mother and sister that I know on any sort of intimate level. And as if she were a family member, I have not a speck of desire for her.

“I’m only here to be with you, anyway,” she says now, wrapping her hand around my arm.

I flick my gaze toward her grasp, but don’t shrug her away. “Stop saying things like that, Celia.” As well as I know her, I’ve yet to understand her intentions by making statements such as this. She’s smart enough to realize that I will never return any affection, and strangely, I don’t think that’s what she’s after. She simply wants that same connection that I do—a kinship with someone who understands the dark fascinations that live inside her.

And I do understand her darkness. In fact, I’m fairly certain I birthed it in Celia. Time and again I try to remember if I saw it residing there before I subjected her to my cruel experiment. I can never be sure of the answer. How could I be expected to identify light when I dwell in total darkness myself? Now, even though I’m better, though I’ve resigned from the game, there is only black everywhere around me.

Still pretending to focus on the portfolio, I feel rather than see her look away.

“I’m sorry,” she says in a low voice. “I just…I don’t know.”

A moment of pity grips me. “You don’t have to explain. I understand.”

The lights dim, and the president of the business program takes the stage. I drop the folder onto my lap, having garnered very little information about the night’s presentations. I won’t learn anything from that, anyway. If there’s someone worth my time, I won’t know until I hear him or her speak.

After the president speaks, the first presentation begins. I know there will be six students in all. That doesn’t vary from year to year. Only the top students of the graduating class are invited to present. They are the cream of the crop. Stern isn’t Harvard, but it’s a Top Ten business school. These students are some of the nation’s best.

As I promised, though, the evening is a bore. Also true to her word, Celia doesn’t complain. She appears to be deep in thought, most likely concocting her next scam. The temptation to join her in scheming is great, but I push against the pull and focus my attention on the event. International trade seems to be the topic of the night, but there are a few differentiations—one talk is about the newest tax codes and how they can better benefit corporations. Snore. Another presents a variation on an old business model. It’s an original idea, but not practical.

By the time the fifth student finishes, I’ve met my limit. I nudge Celia out of her reverie. “I’m ready to go,” I begin to say, but stop myself before I get the words out. The woman ascending the stairs to the stage has caught my eye, and all thoughts of leaving disappear. Something about the way she moves is captivating—the wiggle of her hips suggests an undercurrent of sexuality, and her back is straight with confidence.

Then she turns toward the audience, and my breathe catches. Even here, twelve rows away, I can tell she’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Her dark brown hair falls just so around her face, accentuating sharp cheekbones. Her eyes are dark. Her short dress reveals long, lean legs. The modest cleavage of her outfit can’t hide perfectly plump tits.

There’s something else—something about her carriage that makes me sit up and take notice. And she hasn’t even spoken yet.

“What?” Celia whispers, responding to the jab I’d given her. Or perhaps to the way I gasped at the sight of the angel before us.

“Nothing. Never mind.” Our conversation was in conjunction with the introduction and I missed what the presenter’s name is or what she’s meant to talk about. I can’t move my eyes for even a moment to check the program.

I’m mesmerized. Truly mesmerized.

She takes her place at the podium and begins her presentation, and I half expect my attraction to her to fade the minute her mouth opens. The opposite occurs. The sound of her voice sends a jolt through me, and I straighten in my seat. Her tone and demeanor ooze passion and authority, and also a touch of caution. For several minutes, I barely focus on her words. I’m too beguiled by her mere presence—by her smile, by her body language, by the way she furrows her brow when she refers to her notes.

And there’s an air about her that I’m drawn to immediately. I sense that she’s been downtrodden, but not broken. That she’s known pain but emerged whole and strong. I scoff at myself—how can I know that from a few minutes of business talk? I can’t. But I also can’t shake the feeling that it’s true. It attracts me more than anything else about her.

When I finally do catch her speech, I’m further impressed. Her topic is simple—print marketing in a digital age—but she’s approached it with brilliant practicality, and I’m sure that every exec in the room is going to pursue her at the meet and greet after.

I make it a point to find her first. This, precious, precious, gem.

“Alayna Withers,” Celia says quietly at my side.

“What?” I shake myself from the presenter long enough to see Celia reading from the portfolio folder.

She nods toward the stage. “Her name is Alayna Withers.”

I bristle, irritated that Celia has noticed my interest. At the same time, a surge of gratification spreads across my chest. I have her name! It’s a small thing and unfortunately everyone in the room has it as well. But I cling to it, this one bit of information I have about her. I say it quietly to myself. Let the sound of it settle in my ears. Let the texture of it swirl on my tongue.

The room is still dim, the stage the only place illuminated, but I feel the cloak of darkness around me start to dissipate.

Suddenly, I see light.





Chapter Two





Before





“Your serve is terrible,” I shouted to Mirabelle. Overall, my sister had gotten better since last summer. The private lessons she’d had throughout the year had strengthened both her backhand and her volley. Not that I planned on giving her the satisfaction of telling her I’d noticed.

Mirabelle’s eyes sparkled as she bounced the tennis ball in front of her. “My serve is fine. I’m winning, aren’t I?”

She’d won the first match because I’d gone easy on her. I hadn’t expected her to be as good as she was. “Only because I’m paying more attention to your god-awful posture than to the ball.”

Her lips curved up. “That’s your problem. You’re easily distracted.” She tossed the ball up, but instead of swinging at it, she let her racket fall to her side and her attention shot elsewhere. “Oh, hey. I didn’t see you there.”

I followed Mirabelle’s gaze and found Celia leaning against the side wall of our private court.

Well, what do you know?

I wasn’t sure yet if I was glad to see her or not, but when she grinned, I returned her smile easily. I hadn’t known she was in the Hamptons, but I wasn’t surprised to see her. Of course, she’d stop by. Even if our mothers weren’t the best of friends, Celia would find a reason to see me.

“I was enjoying your game,” she said to my little sister, but her eyes never left me. “Hope you don’t mind.”

“Yeah, well, it’s over now. Huds, we can play later.” Mirabelle stomped to my side of the court where she left her racket cover and began packing up.

“Mirabelle,” I said, low, with a hint of warning. I knew she didn’t care for Celia, but she didn’t need to be nasty.

She ignored me. Giving me a final scowl, she said, “Enjoy the rest of the day with your girlfriend.” Then she took off through the opening in the hedges toward the main house.

“I’m not his girlfriend,” Celia shouted after her. Then she turned to me, a fist on her hips. “Why didn’t you correct her?”

I tilted my head to the side, waiting for my neck to pop. Honestly, I was surprised that Celia had corrected Mirabelle. I would have thought she’d be happy about the title. As for me, I preferred to let people believe what they wanted to believe. It made life far more interesting.

But my fascination with human behavior was one I kept to myself, so instead I said, “Mirabelle’s a hopeless romantic. She’ll form her own opinion no matter what I say.”

Celia looked back after Mirabelle for a moment then walked toward me as I wiped sweat off my forehead with a towel. “She still doesn’t like me.” Disappointment was evident in her voice.

“Sorry,” I said. I suspected that only-child Celia had always sought after Mirabelle as a surrogate sister. Our families were certainly entwined enough to make a bond between them seem inevitable. For some reason, it hadn’t happened. Why was that? Curiosity tugged at my subconscious, but I forced it away. I would ponder that further at another time.

Celia didn’t appear to think there was anything worth pondering. “She’s fourteen. I get it. I wish it were different, but I understand.”

“She needs to learn some manners.”

“And you need to learn to relax. I’m fine. I don’t have to be her friend. I’m your friend.” She peered up at me with doubt in her eyes. “At least, I think we’re still friends. It’s been nine months since I left for San Francisco and not a single peep from you. What’s up with that?”

I shrugged as if my neglect had been accidental. It wasn’t in the least. Before Celia left for college, she’d made it clear that she was interested in more than friendship. I was not. I’d decided it was best not to lead her on. Not because I cared about how she felt, but because her infatuation was a hassle. I’d ignored her phone calls and deleted her few emails without so much as skimming them.

Yes, I was an asshole. This wasn’t news to me.

Now, though, I was surprised at how good it felt to see her. Not in any romantic way, but in a familiar way. She was family. She was home.

I scratched along my jaw, deciding not to answer her question outright. Against my better judgment, I extended an invitation instead. “Millie should have lunch ready soon. I can grab a shower and then we can catch up over sandwiches.”

Celia frowned. “Actually, I can’t today. I only got away for a few minutes.”

I raised an inquisitive brow. Why would she stop by if she couldn’t stay?

She didn’t expound. Instead, she asked, “Will you be here all summer?”

For as long as I could remember, both of our families spent the summer in the Hamptons. It seemed strange to think she’d assume differently. But I supposed, being older, things changed. I had already been thinking it was time to get a place of my own. I didn’t need to spend all my time off from school with my parents. This would likely be my last season at Mabel Shores.

“Yes,” I answered. “Will you?”

“I will. And I’d like to see you.” She cleared her throat and moved her focus to her shoes. “I came by today to tell you something. Um, something that I thought might make it easier for you to want to see me again.”

I folded my arms across my chest. She had me intrigued. “What is it?”

She forced her eyes up to mine. “I thought you should know that I’m seeing someone. I have been all year. We’re quite serious.” She fidgeted, obviously nervous. Did she think I’d be jealous?

“All right,” I said. “Congratulations.” I was schooled in how to respond in situations such as these though I didn’t feel congratulatory. I felt nothing.

She took a deep breath. “I thought that might be the reason you hadn’t returned any of my messages. Because you were worried that I…that I still…”

I cocked my head, fascinated with how she’d finish the sentence or if she’d finish it at all.

She didn’t, and after a moment of awkward silence, I couldn’t help myself. I wanted to push her, wanted to see what she’d say, what she’d do. “That you still liked me?”

Her cheeks went scarlet. Interesting. “Yes. You did know, then.”

I laughed. “Everyone knew, Celia.”

She shook her head as if reconciling herself with the idea. “Okay, everyone knew. But it was a silly schoolgirl crush. I’m over it now. I have Dirk, and—”

“Dirk? That’s his name?” Immediately I pictured a long-haired hippy, though Celia would never be serious about anyone not in her social class. It wasn’t in her. He was likely proper and well-mannered and from lots of money, just as she was.

“Be nice, Hudson.” But her admonishment came with a smile. “Anyway. I have Dirk and I’m really in love with him. I think he might be the one.” She blushed again, and this time I could see that she was indeed over me.

Fascinating.

“That’s…great.” This time, I wasn’t really sure what else to say. Wasn’t certain what Celia wanted me to say.

She seemed to sense I needed more. “So you and I can go back to being friends. No more weird puppy dog eyes from me. And it shouldn’t be a big deal. Okay?” She smiled hesitantly, hopefully, as if my answer were important to her. As if my friendship were something she thought was important.

I licked my lips, salty from my earlier exertion. There was no reason to say no. And I did enjoy Celia’s company. “Sure.”

“Awesome!” Her relief was tangible. “I’ll call you. Maybe we can play tennis later this week? Or take the Jet Skis out or something?”

“Sounds good.” It also sounded dull. But she was proposing a routine summer in the Hamptons. It was what we always did and doing it again made sense. I’d find something else to occupy my boredom.

A moment of silence passed between us until it extended past comfortable to awkward. “Well, then,” Celia said, shielding her eyes from the midday sun, “I’d better be going.”

Chivalry returned to me. “I’ll walk you out.” I draped the towel around my neck and gathered my racket cover. Then we started up the path to the main house.

We were quiet as we traveled. I escorted her all the way to the circle drive where she’d left her car parked. After opening her door for her, I leaned in to give her a peck on the cheek. This was standard for us. She was, after all, practically my sibling.

She placed a hand on my arm, her expression melancholy. “Thank you, Hudson. See you soon.”

I watched after her as she drove off, wondering about the change in the dynamics of our relationship. Our mothers had been best friends since we were toddlers. Every major holiday and family function had been spent with the Werners. Our parents had even enrolled us in the same elite private high school. We knew each other well, though I seriously doubted that we’d have become more than acquaintances had we not been thrown together as we were.

She should have been the perfect pairing for me. A match made in heaven. We both came from money, were already close. Yet, I had never had the slightest inclination toward her. What was wrong with me that I couldn’t feel anything for her? For anyone?

“Do you like her?” Mirabelle’s small voice questioned from behind me.

I turned to find her sitting on the front steps, her arms wrapped around her knees.

My jaw tensed with irritation. I didn’t share the emptiness of my emotions with anyone. “It’s really none of your business if I do.” I strode past her, into the house.

Mirabelle jumped up and followed close at my heels. “She’s not for you, Hudson. She’s petty and shallow and not good for you at all.”

I kept walking, heading to the main staircase.

Mirabelle continued after me. “And you don’t like her. I can see it in your eyes. You have no interest in her at all.”

That was true, but it intrigued me to think my sister had noticed. What else did she see? What did she know about me? I stopped mid-step and turned to her. “If you already know I don’t like her, then why did you ask?”

“I wanted to be sure you knew too.”

Well, I do. I didn’t say it aloud. I turned away from her and jogged the remaining steps to the upper floor, then disappeared into my room.

For the rest of the day, I couldn’t stop thinking about Celia and her supposed boyfriend. My chest knotted tighter and tighter as I spun the information in my mind. It wasn’t jealousy—honestly I didn’t care one way or another about her love life. It was intrigue. Obsessive intrigue. It wasn’t the first time I’d felt it, nor, I was certain, would it be the last.

The idea of love and affection consumed me. I studied it on every occasion that I could. I didn’t understand it. I’d never been in love. I didn’t believe it was even a real thing. I wasn’t virtuous in any way, nor was I inexperienced. I’d dated a few girls. Or rather, I’d taken girls out to dinner and a movie with the sole intent of fucking them afterward. Sometimes I skipped the dinner and the movie and simply fucked. But I’d never had any inclination to spend any real time with anyone. I’d never had feelings for them.

And even though Celia had set her sights on me the year before, I’d never assumed that she felt anything deeper than the silly crush she spoke of. We’d both been cut from the same cloth. We knew the ridiculousness behind romantic notions.

Or so I’d thought.

Now, she said she’d found the one. The idea boggled me.

It also challenged me.

What was it that made someone think they loved another? Could the emotion be manipulated? Forced? I decided an experiment was in order.

It was unfortunate that the results might not be too favorable for Celia. But on the other hand, if love was truly a myth as I believed, maybe I was simply saving her from a lie.





I was sunning with my laptop by the pool when Celia phoned me the next day to set up a date to get together. Feigning previous plans, I pushed our meeting off until the next week. I needed time to plan before I saw her. I was meticulous with my experiments, and this time would be no different.

I tapped my fingers rhythmically on the keyboard as I schemed. After the failure of my last study, I was eager to find success. Perhaps failure was too harsh of a word. My results hadn’t met my hypothesis, but I’d still gained information from the experiment, inconclusive as it was. I’d gotten the idea for the study after two classmates, Andrew and Jane, became engaged. They seemed to be lost for each other, dizzy in their haze of lust which they’d most likely mistaken for something more. I wondered—if they believed they were close enough that they should marry, did it mean their bond was unbreakable?

I set out to find the answer.

The three of us shared enough classes that it was easy to flirt with Jane in front of her fiancé. I did so casually at first, expecting some sort of reaction from Andrew. When none came, I upped my game. I touched Jane when we spoke, brushed my fingers against hers, played with her hair. I invaded her space. I whispered suggestive things to her—hell, dirty-as-fuck things that made her blush and her nipples stand at attention. A whole semester of this behavior and neither Jane nor Andrew had told me to stop. Shouldn’t there have been accusations? If not at me, then at each other? Were they spoken behind my back, unbeknownst to me?

Or did the couple truly have enough trust and affection for each other to withstand jealousy?

Or maybe they were looking for a threesome.

The lack of a conclusive answer was why I’d considered the experiment a bust. This time I wouldn’t settle for ambiguous results. Which meant I better start with a solid hypothesis.

I opened up my digital journal and started a new section which I titled The Rebound. It was a perfect follow-up to The Engagement. That study had tried to break up a couple without any prior history on my part. This time, the subject, Celia, had a prior infatuation with me. The question was, and I typed it in as I constructed it, Could a prior infatuation affect the status of a new relationship, if the previous object of affection suddenly returned the emotion?

Next, I entered in my hypothesis: If the subject truly believes the affection is returned, then yes.

How would I be able to tell if I’d succeeded? I paused to watch my younger brother, Chandler, do a flip off the side of the pool as I considered. If Celia believed I was interested in her she’d likely either a) tell me to back off, b) consent to a summer affair, or c) break up with Dirk.

I would not sleep with Celia—that was non-negotiable. I couldn’t have sex with women that didn’t attract me, and I most certainly wouldn’t have sex with a woman that knew me personally. That would mean letting her get close. And I never let anyone get close.

The only success, I decided, would be a break-up in the relationship.

I entered that into my document and sat back.

Now, I simply had to figure out my intended process. This was my favorite part—coming up with the plan. My heart rate kicked up a notch with the thrill. I’d have to put some study into it. Casual flirting would not cut it with this subject—she was only The Subject in my eyes now; to think of her as anything else would weaken my objectivity. I’d have to make a real attempt to show affection. It would be a challenge, but with true effort, I was sure I could win the subject over. Perhaps I could watch a few romance movies. Or ask Mirabelle—she seemed to think she was an expert on romance.

As if summoned by my thoughts, Mirabelle plopped on a deck chair next to me, her pink and black bikini seeming very mature for a girl her age. At least we were in the privacy of our own backyard. Were we to have company, she’d be wearing a cover-up, if I had any say in the matter. And I always had a say in the matter.

“Whatcha doing?” She peered toward my computer.

I swiveled slightly so that my screen was out of her view. “Nothing of importance,” I said. Then I changed my tune. “Actually, I’m working on a project. For a friend. Perhaps you could help?”

“Sure.” She grabbed the bottle of sunscreen that I’d brought out earlier and began slathering it over her petite body. “What is it?”

While I was sure she meant to sound aloof, I noticed the hint of excitement in her few words. If there were any reason in the world to learn how to love, it would be for Mirabelle. She adored me, as many younger sisters adored their older siblings. But unlike other big brothers, I did not deserve it. Yet she still persevered in her faith and affection. For that alone, I endeavored to try with her in ways I refused to try with anyone else. I went out of my way to give her attention—played tennis with her, took her for rides when the chauffer wasn’t available, protected her from our mother’s drunken ridicule. Asking her advice was just as much about boosting her as it was about helping me.

“Well,” I began, “he wants to know the best way to woo a girl—”

Her eyes widened in surprise. “And he asked you? Anyone with half a brain knows you know nothing about wooing anyone.”

I bit back the sting of her statement. It was true after all. “Exactly. So I’m asking you.”

“This isn’t really for you, is it? You aren’t interested in someone, are you?” She stopped rubbing the lotion into her arm and stared at me point blank. “You aren’t trying to woo Celia, are you?”

I made it a point to never lie. Even in my experiments, I had vowed to remain truthful. It was the way I maintained a bit of dignity despite my manipulative actions. So I spun my answer. “Now why would I try to woo Celia? You said yourself she wasn’t for me.”

“Just making sure.” She returned to massaging her skin. “Let’s see, women love the artsy, creative types of attention. Like write her a poem or draw her portrait.”

I blinked. I wasn’t artsy in the least. “Go on.”

“Then there’s the easy stuff—sending flowers, buying jewelry, giving gifts—”

I typed as she talked.

“But those are really lame if you don’t personalize them.”

I looked up from my screen. “What do you mean by personalize?”

“Don’t just give roses. Those are boring. Give flowers that you know she’ll like or that mean something to her. The jewelry should be unique to her or something she’s admired.”

God, it sounded like romanticizing was going to require more detailed investigation than I’d expected.

“Basically, all a woman wants is for you to spend time getting to know her,” Mirabelle said, confirming my thoughts.

I chuckled. “As if you know what it’s like to be a woman.”

“Shut up. A girl, then.” She smirked at me, an expression she had down to a T. “You know girls are just miniature women, don’t you?”

“I’ve heard that somewhere.” I scratched the back of my neck, noticing sweat had gathered while I’d been sitting in the sun. “Then all I—” I caught myself and started again. “All my friend has to do is spend time with this girl?”

“And then show that he’s noticed who she is.” She frowned. “Does that make any sense?”

“It does.” Actually, noticing people was one of my talents. While trying to understand basic human emotion and behavior, I’d learned to study people with a fine eye. The application of my finds was what needed work. “I’m sure my friend will appreciate this advice.”

Mirabelle put on her sunglasses and settled back into her chair. “I wish it were for you though. You’d make an awesome boyfriend.”

I forced a smile, swallowing the nasty taste in my mouth. “Tell you what—I’ll save the notes for when I need them.”

I needed them now, but not the way Mirabelle assumed. I’d never need them that way. She was a bright kid, but she was absolutely wrong about one thing—I wouldn’t make an awesome boyfriend.

But she’d never know that. I never planned to get close enough to a woman for her to find out.





Chapter Three





After





It’s been two days since the symposium at Stern, and I’m still thinking of the brunette beauty who entranced me that night. I’ve returned to the portfolio over and over to read her bio and stare at her picture. Her face is ingrained in my mind and I’ve not even seen her close up in real life.

I had tried to see her, of course. After ditching Celia, I’d rushed to the meet and greet, eager to find Alayna Withers. I intended to offer her a job on the spot. Whatever position she wanted, I’d give it to her. It was completely crazy and like nothing I’d ever done before, but there was something about her. I couldn’t shake it. I couldn’t lose the desire to know her.

Then she didn’t show for the meet and greet. To say I was disappointed was putting it mildly. I was also enraged and confused. Enraged because she’d wasted our time. My time. Who didn’t show to meet with the top professionals in the business? There were six candidates and ten execs. She would have received an offer. Hell, she would have received five offers. Ten, even. And I would have topped each and every one to make her mine.

There was where my confusion lay—why did I give a shit? I’m not a completely emotionless man, but nearly. The feelings I do have are tame, controllable. Practical. This irrational desperation for someone I don’t even know—it rattled me. It rattles me now, these days later when my desperation has increased.

Never in my life have I felt this way about someone.

Is it sexual? An overwhelming need to get laid? It has been a few weeks since I’ve had a woman in my bed. Maybe longer. I haven’t had the interest lately.

But now, as I study her picture and remember her assuredness, her vivaciousness, my cock stirs.

I try to convince myself that’s what my interest is—physical. Or that it’s her mind. Maybe that’s it—I’m intrigued by her ideas, her innovative way of thinking, so much so that it arouses me. Because what else can explain her effect on me?

I’m so consumed with figuring out the answer, so in need of exploring my fascination, that I called my investigator earlier in the day to look into her further. I told myself it was about business. Perhaps she didn’t show up at the meet and greet because she’d already been offered a job. If I find her, I can counter.

But I know it’s more than that because if she doesn’t accept a job, I’ll have to find another way to get close to her. I need to know if this preoccupation has staying power. It fleetingly occurs to me that the intensity of my fixation is very similar to the way I used to feel when starting a new experiment. I dismiss that notion immediately. This is different because for once I’m not interested in another person’s emotions, but rather my own.

It’s about damn time.

Though I’m not sure I like it.

Pinching the bridge of my nose, I lean forward at my desk and try to erase Alayna from my thoughts. My efforts are interrupted by the buzz of my secretary. “Yes, Patricia?” Maybe it’s my investigator now.

“Your two o’clock is here. Dr. Alberts.”

“Fuck.” I hadn’t meant to say that aloud. “Fine. Thank you. Send him in.” I’ve forgotten about my appointment with Alberts, even though I’ve been seeing him regularly for over two years now. The truth is I don’t want to remember my appointment. He’s helped—I wouldn’t be able to resist the temptations that I do if it weren’t for him—but lately I’m restless. I miss the excitement of my old life. My days now are drab and endlessly the same. Perhaps it’s why I’m so intrigued with Alayna Withers. Seeing her that night, I felt something for the first time in years. For the first time since I quit playing the game.

I stand and circle my desk to greet Dr. Alberts when he walks in. Though I don’t need to, I gesture to the sitting area then take a seat on the edge of the leather couch, crossing a leg over the other. Alberts sits in the armchair as usual. This is our routine. He’ll suggest I lie down, I’ll politely decline. He’ll pull out his electronic notepad and jot notes when I answer his prompts—the same prompts he gives me week after week. How are you feeling? Are there any new life stressors? How will you deal with those? Have you had any inclinations to play?

I’m bored before he’s even begun, and I can’t bear to go through the moves yet again.

He must sense my mood—or my constant shifting gives my anxiousness away—because he varies from the ritual immediately.

“What’s on your mind, Hudson?” he asks.

I run the tips of my fingers across my forehead, contemplating the answer. I could blame my anxiety on work. There is much to be concerned with there, such as the rumblings at Plexis, one of my smaller subsidiaries, where I fear I’m losing control of the board. Before the Stern symposium, that was my major focus. After, Plexis is barely on my radar. How can I concentrate on silly business when I can’t get the thought of deep brown eyes and a silky confident voice out of my brain?

That’s what’s on my mind—her.

But what could I tell Alberts about Alayna Withers? About a student I saw for twenty minutes at a business school event? Talking with him is supposed to help sort out my emotions, but these emotions are too vague and unidentifiable. Too intense and strange.

Instead, I choose to mention the detail of my last few days that will interest him the most. “I saw Celia.”

“You did?” Alberts shows his alarm with only a slight raise of a gray eyebrow. “What were the circumstances of that encounter?”

“I’d like to say it was innocent. But it wasn’t entirely.” I run my hands through my hair while he waits for me to continue. “She called me. She’s been using my identity to play someone—an employee of my sister’s.” I cringe thinking about how close to home Celia’s game was with Stacy. And how I did nothing to stop it until the other night.

“Were you aware she was doing this?”

“Yes.” I answer his next question before he has the chance to ask. “No, I didn’t encourage it, but I was aware.” I stand, needing to pace as I talk. “Celia asked me to help her wrap up the game. I agreed. I told her where I’d be and when. She made the arrangements for the rest to happen.”

Glancing toward Alberts, I expect to see a look of disapproval. It’s not there. The man is as careful with his emotions as I am.

Next he’ll want to know why I agreed to help. It’s an easy enough answer—the game needed to end. I didn’t appreciate my name being pulled into her scheme and being available for her staged embrace was the easiest way to end it.

But that’s not what he wants to know. “How did it make you feel? Playing again, after so long?”

I pause, considering his question. There had been a certain spark, a thrill that had run through my body as I’d kissed my childhood friend. Not because of the woman I’d been kissing or even because I’d been kissing at all, but because I knew the effect I was having on Stacy—on Celia’s intended target. In the moment, I wanted to immerse myself in the feeling, wanted to grab it and hold onto it. It was feeling, for God’s sake. Feeling, where I’d been void. All I’d have to do was stop fighting the impulse, and I could have the excitement back in my life. With Celia there, egging me on as she always did, it would have been so easy to fall back into our old patterns, to resume our games.

But all it took was the look in Stacy’s eyes, the devastation she felt at my supposed rejection to remind me that my entertainment came at the price of others’ emotions.

“There was a rush,” I answer honestly. “Then it was over, and until now I hadn’t given it a second thought.” Even without the reminder of the consequences of the game, I would have abandoned any notion to play again when I went to the symposium. That brief spark with Celia had been completely obscured by the charge that jolted through me at the sight of Alayna Withers.

Alberts clears his throat and I look to find he’s studying me. He narrows his eyes. “Then you aren’t concerned that you’ll be pulled back into the game?”

I let out a huff. I’m always concerned I’ll be pulled back into the game. But am I worried that Celia will pull me back? “No, I’m not.”

“Do you plan to see her again?”

My eyes widen when, for a second, I think that “her” refers to the brunette that’s plaguing my thoughts.

But that’s not who Alberts means.

“No, I don’t plan to see Celia again.” She’d like me to. She asks me over and over. I see her enough at family events as it is. Her presence isn’t a temptation to me as my therapist believes, but seeing her is still not a good idea. She’s a painful reminder of all the wrongs I’ve done in my life. Of all the wrongs I’ve done to her.

I resume my pacing, hoping not to go down that path of conversation today, not wanting to revisit my past.

“Hudson, sit down.”

I’m surprised he hasn’t requested this before. I sit, crossing my ankle over my bouncing knee. “Sorry. I have a lot on my plate at the moment.” I take a quiet but deep breath that does nothing to relieve me.

Dr. Alberts leans back, a distinct contradiction to my own tense posture. “I don’t sense that your anxiety has to do with your meeting with Celia. Is there something else you aren’t telling me?”

It’s on the tip of my tongue to bring up my strange reaction to Alayna Withers, but I’m again lost on how I’d phrase it. “It’s nothing. Work is stressful.” Work is always stressful.

Too late I realize I’ve opened the door to an old argument.

“I hate to beat a dead horse, Hudson, but if we met in my office instead of here, you’d have a chance to escape that stress, if even for a short time.”

I throw him a glare. “If I had to meet in your office, I’d never pull myself away.”

“That’s a problem, Hudson. I’ve tolerated it for the past two years, but I feel we’re at a point in your therapy that this will no longer work. If you want to continue with your recovery, you need to make it your priority. You must decide that pulling yourself away is more important, that your mental health is more important than the work you leave behind.”

I feel my jaw twitch. I agree that my therapy is at a standstill. He’s likely right that to progress further, I’d need to rearrange my current priority list. However, that’s not going to happen. I have no desire to pull myself away. I don’t believe that I am more important than the work I leave behind. I don’t believe that I am more important than anything. And while working with Alberts has kept me from ruining other people’s lives, it hasn’t given my own life any more dimension than it had. I still haven’t found a way to fill the emptiness that resides inside. At least the game was enough to distract me from that. Now I’m ever aware of my hollowness, of my inability to feel more than a dull hum of emotion.

In the past, when the topic to meet in his office instead of mine has come up, I’ve persuaded him to leave things the way they are. Today, I sense he won’t let it go. And I’m not sure that I want to fight him any longer. I have the tools I need to continue on as I have without seeing him any longer. Could he fix me if I gave in? If I made more of the effort that he suggests I haven’t before? I don’t know. That’s what I must decide. Either I play it his way, or I don’t need him. I’m not ready to give a firm answer.

“Touché,” I say. “I concede that this arrangement is no longer working. Perhaps we should end our relationship altogether.” It’s a manipulation technique, I know. Like a child pouting. If I don’t get to play my way, I won’t play at all.

But my psychologist is too good to fall for my tricks. “If that’s what you want to do. You know this only works if you’re a willing participant.”

Part of me wants to cut him out of my life and move on, but I’m not comfortable with impulse-driven decisions. “I need to think about it.”

“Do that. If you decide you want to meet with me again—in my office—than call my secretary and make an appointment.” He stands, our session clearly over even though we still have another thirty minutes on the clock.

I suppose there’s no point in continuing if I have no real interest in progress.

I get to my feet and shake his hand. “Thank you, Doctor.”

“I hope I see you again,” he says, the twinkle in his eye more of the look a grandfather would share with his grandson than a psychologist with his patient. He’s fond of me. I wonder what he could possibly see in me to feel that way.

Maybe I haven’t given him the chance I should.

Though I’m more concerned that if I did give him the chance, he’d still be unable to help me.

He’s almost at the door when he turns to me. “Remember, Hudson, true progress only happens with work.” With those words, he leaves me.

I shake my head in frustration. Of course I remember that. I’ve worked my ass off to get Pierce Industries to what it is today. If he thinks I don’t understand the value of hard work, then he has no understanding of what I do, of what I am. But in the back of my mind, I know that he’s talking about a different kind of work, and while I’ve already spent some time in the department of self-repair, I’m not sure that I’m willing to spend more.

At this particular moment of my life, the only thing I want to spend time on is finding out more about Alayna Withers.

The minute Alberts is gone, I pick up my phone and dial my secretary. “Were there any calls?” She knows not to interrupt me when he’s here, and I’m hoping my investigator has called.

“No, sir.”

I give a quick thank you and hang up, pausing only a moment before I’m calling him myself.

“Jordan here,” he answers on the first ring. The man used to be Special Ops and I’ve found his skills are beneficial in many situations.

“Have you found anything out yet?” I realize I’m being impatient. I’ve only given him a few hours to look, after all.

“Not much. I’m still waiting for her medical history and complete background check.”

Her medical history can’t possibly inform me of anything useful, but the background check might. “What do you know so far?”

“The basics. Her full name is Alayna Reese Withers, born and raised in Boston. Her parents died in a car accident when she was sixteen. She lives between Lexington and Third, near the Waldorf. She got her BA in business at Boston University and is set to graduate from NYU with a Masters in Business next month. Right now she’s working as an assistant manager at The Sky Launch.”

The Sky Launch? I wrack my brain trying to place the name. “The nightclub?”

“Yep.”

She can’t possibly be planning to work at a nightclub after her graduation. She has to have another offer. “Can you tell if anyone else has pulled her information recently?” If she’s got a job waiting, they’ll have checked into her.

I hear muffled movement as if Jordan’s cradling the phone on his shoulder while he looks for the answer. “The system says there was one other pull of her credit history. Yesterday.”

“Dammit.” I wonder which of my competitors was lucky enough to earn her yes. “Find out who ordered that.” Then I’ll prepare my counter proposition.

“On it.”

“And call me the minute anything new comes in.”

“Yes, Mr. Pierce.”

I’ve just hung up when Patricia calls me again. I pick up the receiver to answer when my office door is flung open and Celia parades in.

“I’m sorry, sir,” my secretary says in my ear. “I was calling to announce her and she just walked in.”

“It’s okay. I’ll take care of her.” I hang up, cursing under my breath. Celia’s the last person I’m in the mood for, but Patricia isn’t any sort of bouncer.

Celia slinks in and half-sits on the far corner of my desk. “You’ll take care of me, will you?”

I ignore her suggestive tone. “Two days in one week, Celia. To what do I owe the pleasure?” I put enough bitterness in my final word that she can’t mistake that there is anything pleasant about her visit at all.

Immediately I feel a pang of guilt. It’s not Celia’s fault that I no longer want to be around her, rather it’s my fault. All of it, my fault.

She doesn’t let my tone ruffle her. “Oh, come on, Hudsy. Don’t be that way. I’m not the enemy.”

No, she’s not. I’m the enemy. She’ll never see it, though, so it’s my job to keep the distance. “Why are you here?”

There’s a gleam in her eye when she smiles. “I have something that I know is going to interest you.”

“Oh?” I sound bored, and I am.

“I’m serious. You’re going to want in on this.”

In on this? She can only be proposing a game. “Celia, I’ve told you, I don’t play anymore.” I shift my focus toward my computer screen, pretending to go back to whatever I was doing before she arrived.

She doesn’t get that I’m dismissing her—or doesn’t care. “You’ve told me, you’ve told me. Now I’m telling you, you’ll want in on this.”

I should kick her out now, pour out the bottle before I’ve even taken a sip, so to say, but I can’t help myself. Even with my attention turned, my pulse has quickened and the moisture in my mouth has increased. Her eagerness is contagious. And I’m curious. Too curious.

I can’t let her know. “I won’t want in on anything. But since you’re here,” I casually turn back to face her, “what is it you’re planning?”

Her grin kicks up a notch. “Look at you. You’re dying to know. Your eyes blazed the minute you realized what I was offering.”

I don’t try to deny it—I am interested and even with schooled features, she can see it. I hate how well I’ve taught her to read people. I hate when she uses her knowledge to read me.

It pisses me off enough that I almost send her packing.

But curiosity wins out. She hasn’t tempted me with her games in quite some time. Why now?

“Out with it, Ceeley.” I cringe inwardly at the slip of her childhood nickname. She’ll think I mean something by it that I don’t. It’s why I hate nicknames so much.

She stands and starts rummaging through her bag. “It’s a basic scenario—make the girl fall for you and then deny her, watching her fall to pieces.”

It had been our old favorite. No matter how many times we’d performed the experiment, it never failed to interest me. It was a marvelous study in the emotion called love, but somehow it never gave me any of the answers I was seeking.

I pretend the idea doesn’t pique me in the slightest. “How original. What about that did you think would interest me?”

She smiles with confidence. “The girl.”

I raise a questioning brow, but instead of answering me verbally, she retrieves a file folder from her bag and sets it on the desk in front of me. Then she waits for me to study it.

With a reluctant breath, I flip the cover open and move my eyes from Celia to the top sheet inside the file. Deep brown eyes and a warm smile meet me.

Celia’s right—it is the girl that interests me. And I know before she says anything more that I will hear her out to the end. Because if Celia has the answer to getting closer to Alayna Withers, I am in.

All the way.





Chapter Four





There are other pictures in the file Celia gathered and I want to survey them all, want to memorize every detail of Alayna Withers’ expressions, her postures. I don’t though, because I’m very aware of Celia’s hawk-eyed stare. She’s waiting for me to read the reports included, and I want to—I want to absorb it all.

But there’s something else nagging at me to close the folder and end this now despite my overwhelming desire to act otherwise. I’m supposed to abstain from these games. That’s not what’s halting me. My hesitancy comes from a far more primal source—I don’t want to share. I’m already irritated that Celia’s learned things that I want to know. I wish I could horde the findings to myself, decide how I want to handle my fascination with Alayna on my own. Obviously it’s too late for that, but I can try to dissuade my former partner in crime from pursuing this further.

I shut the file without reading on. It’s harder than I imagine, still I manage it with as much indifference as I can muster. “Not interested.”

I slide the folder across the desk to where Celia has perched herself. My pulse quickens as my fingers let go of Alayna’s profile. I’m itching to scrutinize it with an obsessive pull that I haven’t felt in years. Jordan will find the same information, I remind myself. I can wait. Patience has always been one of my most admirable traits.

Celia takes the folder into her hands. I try not to focus on it any longer, but my eyes flit to it more than once.

She stands. “I guess I was wrong then.” Her tone says she doesn’t believe that for a minute. “I’ll have to keep this little prize for myself. You really are out of the game, aren’t you?”

Celia’s almost as good at manipulating as I am. It is both a blessing and a curse that I know her as well as I do—I can predict every move before she makes it. Unfortunately, she can also predict mine. She’s the greatest chess opponent I’ve ever had.

I try to discern her next move now, or, rather, the move she predicts I’ll make. She’s letting me off too easy, which means she’s not really letting me off at all. She wants me to ask her what she means to do with Alayna, and since that’s what she wants, it’s the one question I can’t ask. Yet it’s the one burning at me most.

On top of what I know she wants me to do, I have my own agenda: Whatever she has planned, I have to stop her. It’s not an altruistic motive—it goes back to the not wanting to share. I don’t want Celia to do anything to Alayna Withers because I want her all to myself. What I want her for has yet to be determined. I don’t have any urge to play the woman. But I yearn to connect with her in some way and whatever that way is, it’s not to include Celia.

So I have my work cut out for me in how I respond to my old friend. Terminate her plans without seeming to care what they are. I sit back in my chair and meet her eyes. “I’m out of the game, Celia. You know this. When will you accept that?”

I’m practiced in remaining aloof even when high stakes are on the line. I’ve often wondered if I could pass a polygraph test without being completely honest. I don’t intend to ever be in the position to find out, but it is a curiosity of mine.

Celia laughs. “I’ll never accept it, Hudson. I’d have to believe that people could change, and I don’t believe that. Not fundamentally. Sooner or later you’ll realize that it’s killing you. You thrive on your experiments. They gave you reason to live. What else could replace that?”

I’ve asked myself that same question since I left the game. I’ve searched for replacements in the best and worst of places—work, exercise, sex, alcohol. Nothing has yet to satisfy me in the way that I need, but I’m not ready to give up looking.

I won’t share that with Celia. “Life replaces it, Ceeley. Sooner or later you grow up. Even the people with enough money not to. Even us.”

“Huh. You sound even more like Alayna Withers than I thought.”

Here’s where I slip. I make my grand mistake and I know it before I start speaking and yet I can’t stop myself. “What do you mean?”

Celia’s eyes light up and I understand exactly why. Just like that, I’ve shown my interest. I’m exposed and there’s nothing I can do to take it back. She’s won. I try to convince myself it’s a small victory, but without being aware of exactly where my disclosure will take me, I already know that it’s not small at all.

“If you’d read the file,” she says calmly, “you’d know.”

So I’m stuck. Either I prod her to tell me or I ask for the file back. Both will expose my intrigue further.

Or I could ask her to leave. If I do, I’ll have to let it all go. Forget my own agenda. Forget the woman with the brown eyes and the hold she has on me.

That hold, though, is unyielding. I can’t let Alayna Withers go just yet. And if I usher Celia out, I will lose my chance to be privy to her plans. I’ve lost no matter what. Now I have to regain ground, take control of the situation.

I rise and head toward the elevator that goes only to my private loft, offering Celia a one-word directive as I do. “Upstairs.” I don’t look to see if she follows me. I know she will and sure enough, she slips in beside me just before the doors close.

“Just like old times,” she mutters under her breath.

I swallow my disgust. It feels directed at her, but it’s actually for me. It sickens me that I’m here again, that we’re sneaking away to discuss matters that have nothing to do with business. As we arrive at the loft, I attempt to stifle the notion that this simple action means that I’m conceding to anything. “This is an inappropriate conversation for my office. That’s all.”

My attempt was futile.

“Exactly,” she gloats. “Like all the conversations we’ve had here in the past.”

I can taste the disgust again at the back of my throat, its bitter flavor very real in my mouth. Though the loft had been everything from a fuck pad to a place to crash after a long day at work, it was always first and foremost our place—mine and Celia’s. Early in our gaming days, it had become our headquarters. We planned and schemed here. Used it as my address to keep our subjects from invading my personal space.

This isn’t the same. I brought Celia up here to give her the impression she was winning. To lower her guard. It was my play. Only, the memories throw me off-kilter as well. I’m prepared for that. Sometimes you have to lose a pawn to save your king.

I head to the refrigerator. Without asking, I pull out a bottle of water knowing it’s Celia’s beverage of choice. I hand it to her and head to the bar to fix my own drink. This encounter requires Scotch. It’s fortunate my schedule is free for the rest of the day. I quickly down two fingers of amber liquid and turn back to my guest. “Let me have it.”

She sits on the couch. “The file or the story?”

“The file.” I’m not interested in her story. It will be twisted to her liking. I take the file from her outstretched hand. She expects me to sit next to her. I take the armchair instead.

I open the folder again with a steady hand. Inside, I have the shakes. I have no idea how I’ll be impacted by what’s in here, but I fear I’m about to fall down the rabbit’s hole. That’s how much I’m affected by the mere idea of Alayna Withers. Settled into the leather at my back, I begin to read.

My eyes scan through the documents. There’s the usual info—copies of her credit report, her birth certificate, a death certificate for her parents. I don’t spend much time on these, only to note her age—twenty-six until January—and confirmation that she does indeed work at The Sky Launch.

Celia’s quiet at first as I read. She knows when to give me space and when to push, but she can’t help commenting when she sees that I’m looking at a copy of Alayna’s latest paystub. “She’s staying there. At that night club. Even after graduation.”

I won’t ask how she knows this. If it’s true, and I’m sure it is if Celia’s sharing it, I would have found it out too. “Why?” I ask instead.

“She wants to use her MBA to move up in management. Take over the place one day, was my impression.” Celia takes a sip of her water. “I chatted with the owner there when I inquired about doing a redesign for them.”

Celia’s worked fast. I’m impressed.

There’s more that she wants to say so I prod her. “And the owner just shared info on his employees?”

“That’s the thing. He doesn’t want to be the owner anymore. He’s selling. Asked me if I knew any buyers and highlighted a couple of his key staff to incentivize anyone with interest. I told him I might know someone.” She sits forward, excitement in her features. “There’s your in, Hudson.”

This news rouses me and I’m already looking for excuses to make the purchase. Isn’t it good business? If you can’t get the employee you want, then buy the employee’s company?

Maybe I made that rule up. But I’m a leader in innovative business practices. It could still be an acceptable principle even if I did make it up.

Still, I’m not moved to action. I don’t need Celia to pursue this route if I choose it.

I return my attention to the file.

“There’s more,” Celia taunts.

I ignore her. Then I see it, the information that Celia’s hinting at. A police record. “She’s been arrested?”

Celia scoots closer to me on the couch. “She violated a restraining order. Twice. Her brother’s a lawyer and got her record buried.”

“But you got it unburied. Let me guess—Don Timmons.” Don is a cop that Celia’s friendly with. She’s toyed with his emotions for years, fucking him simply to get information when she wants it. He’s out of her social class, something that would matter to her if she ever dated anyone seriously. But Celia doesn’t believe in romantic engagements. Not anymore. I taught her that.

She crosses a leg over the other. “Don’t look so judgmental. Don got what he wanted out of it.”

I’m not sure why I’m judging her. That behavior is well in line with things I’ve done myself time and time again. Perhaps therapy has had a positive effect on me. Not that I have suddenly developed a conscience. My contemptuous attitude is a defense mechanism—if I don’t approve of her actions, it will be less likely that I will want to adopt them for myself.

“Anyway, maybe the arrest is part of the reason she doesn’t pursue another occupation. She may not want it uncovered and she knows that any decent corporate screening process would uncover it.”

“It’s possible.” I make a mental note to get Alayna’s arrest sealed permanently. I have people more influential than Don Timmons. And I don’t have to blow them to get favors. Alayna’s too brilliant to let a jaded past keep her from her full potential.

A part of me recognizes I’m lying to myself about my reasons for caring about this woman’s future. My motivation isn’t centered around her business career or how I might tap into her intellectual skills. I can’t name the source of my motivation, though. So I cling to the lie as long as I can.

“On the other hand, the owner went on and on about Alayna’s genuine love of her job. She seems to be really passionate about it. She has a vested interest in the club.”

That reasoning resonates with me. Alayna Withers did not strike me as someone who lived in fear. Why did she get her degree in the first place? Because she wanted to make the club her own makes sense. She has drive. She has ambition. That was obvious in her presentation. My original shock at her choice of employment has been replaced with complete respect. This I can support. I want to help her reach that goal. It’s admirable.

“But the arrest isn’t the big thing.” Celia brings me back from my thoughts with an enthusiasm that threatens to be contagious. “The cause of it is. She has a mental health history.”

I turn once more to the papers in my lap and settle on the last section of documents. They consist of doctors’ records, outpatient reports, a certificate of rehabilitation completion. It only takes a few minutes for me to puzzle out her history. Alayna Withers has a compulsive disorder most likely aggravated by the death of both her parents at a young age. She specifically targets her obsessive tendencies on men and relationships, leading to socially abnormal behavior such as stalking, vandalism, and disorderly conduct. According to her rehab report, she’s been recovered for the past two years—a similar timeline to my own.

There’s a part of me that’s appalled by this information. The woman that stood in front of us at Stern was not fragile. She was confident and put together and in control. But I remember that strong sense that there was something more underneath her façade. I realize now that I had so easily recognized it because her carriage was so familiar. Strong on the outside, battling demons on the inside—she was, in so many ways, like me.

I close my eyes and massage the bridge of my nose. Is that the nature of my attraction? A kinship with this woman? I don’t believe it’s that simple, but, with this new information, I am beyond fascinated with her. I’ve often questioned if there was any recovery for someone like me. Can I really get better? Do I have any hope for a full and healthy life?

Celia was right. I want to experiment with this one more than any other she’s tempted me with in the last two years. Our objectives, though, are in opposition. I can easily guess the nature of Celia’s planned game. She wants to see if she can cause the subject to break again. See if Alayna will return to her past behaviors when pushed.

I, on the other hand, do not want to see Alayna Withers break. I want to see her survive. Because if she can, then maybe so can I.

I’m decided now. I won’t let Alayna out of my sight. I will pursue her. I will study her. I will not play her.

And so it’s time to make sure Celia doesn’t either.

I shut the folder, stand, and hand it back to Celia. “This is not a game we’re playing.” My tone informs her that this is a closed subject.

Celia stands with a sigh. “That’s too bad. I had a great scenario. We’d pretend that our parents want us to marry—best lies are closest to the truth, as you always say.” In this case, it is the truth. “Your mother believes you’ll never love anyone so you best marry me. You hire Alayna to be your girlfriend. To convince your parents to leave your romantic life alone. With all the pretending, the girl will fall for you. The scheme will end and we see what happens. Intriguing, no?”

I shake my head. “We’re not playing.”

“It would give you an excuse to get close to her. Don’t deny that you want to. I can read you too, Hudson.”

Without looking at her, I motion to the exit. “We’re done here, Celia.”

She sets her water bottle on the coffee table and starts for the door. “You’re done, Hudson,” she says as she crosses the room. “I’m not. I can play her without you.” She turns back to face me. “But be assured, I will play her.”

“Not this one, Celia. Find another play.” I’m admitting too much interest in Alayna. It can’t be helped.

“Yes, this one. The game’s already in motion.”

Panic grips me. Of course, I don’t show it, except for maybe in the tightening of my jaw. “What have you done?”

She’s triumphant, but she hides it as well as I hide my emotions. I only see it in the slight widening of her eyes. “I made an offer on the club.”

I’m immediately put at ease. “There’s been no time. The owner can’t have accepted already.” I don’t tell her that I’ll counter.

Celia lifts her chin to deliver her next words. “I told him my offer was good for an hour. He’s had no bites in the year that he’s had it up for sale. He accepted on the spot.”

Fuck!

How did I not see this a mile away? I’ve grown rusty in my time gone while Celia’s grown more calculating. She correctly assumed my weakness in this situation and secured her capital in advance of her approach. Fucking brilliant.

I don’t even consider that she’s lying. She knows I’ll check on her declaration the moment she’s left and she wouldn’t risk that bluff. Besides, our code has taught us to be honest whenever possible. Practically, it helps keep your lies straight. Also, it makes the games more challenging.

I’m not sure how to move next—that’s a rarity for me. I stall for time with a question that might provide me some insight. “Why?” I tilt my head, examining her. “Why do you care if it’s this girl or the next?”

“Because you care if it’s this girl.” It’s not said with spite. It’s honest. It’s raw.

I want to hate her in that moment. I want to loathe the way she’s trapped me, the way she’s baited me. The way she’s already destroyed something that interests me like the child on the playground that stomps on the butterfly simply because another child has given it his attention. It’s mean.

But I can’t hate her. She doesn’t intend to be vicious. I’m the one who schooled her to look for vulnerabilities and manipulate them to be advantageous. She knows no other way to connect.

Frankly, I don’t know any other way myself. There is a longing for that deep within me. Dr. Alberts hasn’t even begun to scrape the surface of that desire, but it is the one thing that keeps me from being completely sociopathic. I don’t care for people, but I want to.

That’s all Celia wants as well. “If you agree to play, I’ll let you buy my offer out.” She blinks. “Simple as that.”

With her checkmate, the ball is in my court. I could still walk away. But Celia will play Alayna Withers. It’s not a question in my mind. She’s never backed down from a scheme once she’s started it.

Then why should I care? I’ve let Celia play others since I’ve left our partnership, Stacy being the most recent example. I never made a move to stop that. Why should I now?

But I’ve already answered that. Because I’m intrigued. I’m bewitched. I’m beguiled. I am obsessed. Maybe this is the best chance to get close to Alayna. And even if I played the game, I wouldn’t have to work toward Celia’s outcome. I could work toward my own—to not break Alayna. It’s the biggest of excuses, but there’s nothing in the code about lying to ourselves.

There are other ways to fight Celia, I know. If I really tried, I could come up with another way to thwart her plans.

Knowing that is why I am completely culpable when I surrender so easily. There will be no battle. I will not counter Celia’s sly move. I will not attempt to dissuade her from her game. I will not make another appointment with Dr. Alberts. I will not fight.

“How much is your offer on The Sky Launch?”

With a smirk, she gives me the information.

I square my shoulders. If I’m going down, I’ll at least do it with pride. “I’ll have my financial advisor draw up the check.”

“Game on, then?”

My agenda is without point now. Even if Alayna Withers teaches me that people like us can survive, with this step, I’ve already proven that I can’t.

I seal my entrance to hell with my assent. “Game on.”





Chapter Five





BEFORE





“…and if Sherry doesn’t tell him that she likes him, then he’s going to end up with Marisa. Which is just wrong. Lance should be with Sherry. Don’t you think?” Mirabelle poked my bare thigh with her toe. “Are you listening to me, Hudson?”

“I am not.” Usually I didn’t mind Mirabelle’s babble about her friends, simply because the psychology of early teens and their so-called relationships was fascinating. But on this day, I had my own psychology I was working through, namely the psychology of Celia.

Mirabelle huffed in the deck chair next to me “You could at least pretend.”

Though evening was approaching, the day was still warm. I’d yet to change from my trunks after my earlier laps in the pool. By now, the sun had dried them and my skin glistened from the sun’s rays. This was one of my favorite pastimes this summer—soaking and simmering. Soaking in the rays while I simmered over my project.

“I could pretend,” I said. “I didn’t feel that was fair. If you want to keep chattering, that’s fine with me.” I moved my sunglasses down to the edge of my nose to look at her straight on. “But if you do, know that you’re talking to yourself.”

Mirabelle let out a sound of exasperation. “You are so mean!” Then she stormed off toward the house.

I’d thought I’d been pretty patient, actually. I could have told her to shut the fuck up, and I didn’t. I looked at my watch. It was nearly six. I gave my mother seven minutes before she came out to scold me for picking on my little sister, on the day of her big party, no less. The berating hadn’t even occurred yet and I was already tuning Sophia out. She’d probably already be half-drunk and half-bitch. Strike that, half-drunk and full-bitch. It was my mother, after all.

The party wasn’t really as big as she liked to pretend. Not by Hamptons’ standards—twenty families, various friends of my parents, including, of course, the Werners. Any minute Warren and Madge would show up with Celia. They were always the first to arrive at our end-of-summer parties. That meant I had very little time to finalize the details of that evening’s part of my project. And as September was just beginning, I had only a handful of days to bring the entire experiment to an end.

I pushed my sunglasses into place and lay back down. I’d come far with Celia since I’d begun my study, though the progress was slow. Taking Mirabelle’s advice to get to know The Subject, I’d spent hours upon hours with Celia. We’d played tennis almost daily and I’d taken her sailing on more than one occasion. She was maintaining her long-distance relationship with Dirk, and I let her talk about him to her heart’s desire. I encouraged their affair, praised the silly tokens of love he sent her on a weekly basis, repeatedly remarked on the positive effect he’d seemed to have on her.

My interest and support put her at ease. She’d let her guard down.

And then I’d slipped in.

Subtly, I’d begun making comments that insinuated a feeling of envy on my part. First, of couples in general. “People in love are so lucky to have found each other,” I’d say. Then I moved to envy of her and Dirk specifically. “You and he are lucky to have found each other.” More recently, my allusion of envy transferred to only Dirk. “He’s lucky to have found you.”

Accompanied with a look of longing, that last one hit the nail on the head. How could she not believe I wanted her?

Nothing I’d said had been a lie—I didn’t profess an emotion that I didn’t feel. I’d simply manipulated the truth to appear otherwise. In some unexplainable way, I believed the omission of a lie kept my integrity. It also made the experiment more valid. Lies tainted the sample. Lies were easy.

My attempt to woo didn’t rely only on words. I’d learned in earlier experiments that touch was an easy way to get closer to a subject. With Celia, I’d ignored the boundaries of personal space, brushing against her at every opportunity, casually stroking her skin whenever possible.

My actions had an effect on her. Her gaze lingered on me longer and longer, and soon she made her own excuses to touch me. Finally, after two months had passed, I made my big move. On the doorstep of the Werner’s Hampton home, I’d leaned in for a kiss. She lifted her chin to meet me, wetting her lips as I slowly made my descent.

Half an inch from her mouth, I’d pulled away.

“I’m sorry,” I had said with as much heaviness as I could lay in my words. “This is wrong. I’m sorry.” I’d hurried to my car and raced off, her voice chasing after me to stop. I’d left her wanting. I’d left her yearning. For me.

Then I didn’t call or see her for two weeks. The distance had an air of douche about it, but with the event of a broken kiss preceding it, I believed my behavior would seem understandable. Gallant, even. I hadn’t wanted to destroy her relationship with Dirk, so I’d removed myself from her presence. Or, that was the scenario I’d attempted to create anyway.

Celia had tried to contact me, despite my withdrawal. But I’d refused every call and managed to avoid her visits to the house. Tonight would be the end of our “break.” It was seemingly forced—both of us were expected at the party—but I had carefully planned my pursuit to escalate to this very evening. I felt confident about the set-up, yet there were still variables. Would she be angry with me? Relieved to see me again? Would she pretend our last encounter never happened? The variables didn’t concern me. Their unpredictability was what made the experiment fun.

Approaching footsteps sounded over the stone walk to the pool. Here comes Sophia. Right on time.

I removed my sunglasses and sat up to face my mother’s wrath.

But it wasn’t Sophia. It was Celia. Even better.

I stood to meet her.

She balled her dainty fists and propped them on her hips. “Don’t you think about going anywhere, Hudson Pierce. You’re trapped tonight. You have to talk to me whether you want to or not.”

Her tone said frustrated. Heated, for sure, but not angry.

Interesting.

I decided I’d be the one to play that nothing happened. “I’m not going anywhere, Ceeley,” I said, purposefully using my childhood nickname for her. “I was merely standing to greet you.”

She frowned, disbelief on her face. “Next you’re going to pretend you haven’t been avoiding me for two weeks.”

I shook my head and shrugged, my gaze drifting behind her to nothing specific. It was a posture I’d perfected—dramatic and aloof. “Nah, I’m not going to do that.” Then I pinned her with my eyes. “I can’t pretend with you, Ceeley. Not anymore.”

It hadn’t been what I’d planned to say—it was a blatant lie. I’d planned on pretending with her as long as necessary, but as soon as I’d said it, I knew it was what the moment needed.

Celia’s expression confirmed that it was the right thing to say. Her frustration melted off her features and she was left looking soft and off-kilter. “Then let’s not pretend. Let’s talk about this.”

I wasn’t ready for that. If she made a declaration of love or an intention to end things with her boyfriend, I’d be stuck for the rest of the evening playing that I welcomed those things. It was my parents’ fucking garden party. I wouldn’t be able to dump her and leave. And I certainly wasn’t going as far as that would require me to go. I wasn’t planning to even kiss her.

So I deflected. “How about we not talk tonight? Instead we just enjoy one of the last days of summer. We can talk tomorrow. Are you going to the Brookes’ shindig?” I already knew her answer. The Brookes were our age. Twins—Thomas and Christina. Christina was one of Celia’s friends. An entire house full of spoiled rich kids. No supervision. That was the more appropriate setting for the end of my project.

Celia’s mouth turned up in an eager grin. “Of course I’m going. Christina would kick my ass if I didn’t.” She’d been hoping that the reason behind my asking was because I wanted to be alone with her instead.

It wasn’t. “I’m going too. I’ll meet you there. We can slip away when we don’t have our parents breathing down our necks.” I glanced toward the house, indicating how close our parents were at that very moment. “It will give us a chance to…” I hesitated, letting her mind jump to whatever conclusion she preferred before I finished with, “talk.”

“Right.” Her cheeks flushed and I was sure her thoughts had been dirty. “We’ll…talk…then.”

“Good.” I let a brighter than usual smile cross my lips. “I see swimsuit straps under that dress. If you want to get in, I will too.”

We played in the pool for quite a while. Soon other guests arrived and more of our peers joined us. Christina Brooke flirted with me, as she often did, though I refrained from returning the attention the way I normally would. There were several other attractive girls there as well—some that I’d even fucked on occasion. On any other night, I would have picked one and banged her behind the poolhouse.

But tonight Celia was there. Tonight the experiment was more important. So I ignored the eyes the other girls gave me, and I made sure to keep my focus on The Subject throughout the night. I wanted to be sure that she noticed I was looking, that she assumed I was attracted to her physically, though I wasn’t. It wasn’t that Celia wasn’t pretty. Quite the contrary. She’d been a beautiful girl that had grown into an even more beautiful woman over the year we’d been apart. Her curves had filled out—her hips were full, her waist slight. Her breasts were on the small side, but firm under her bikini top. Her nipples beaded through the thin material under my frequent glances. Any other man would have been hard staring at her as often as I did.

But I wasn’t just any man. Despite her beauty, Celia had never turned me on. I knew her too well. I cared for her as much as I was able. For me, emotions didn’t go with sex. They were completely separate. Emotional attachment was for people you wanted to spend time with—there were few of those people in my life. So few I could count them on one hand.

Sex was something else entirely. It was for pleasure. For getting off. For releasing pent-up aggression. I’d explored the possibility that it was anything else very thoroughly. I’d fucked frequently. I’d learned how to please and how I liked to be pleased. I’d perfected technique, shaped myself into a skilled lover. Yet with all the encounters I’d had, I’d never discovered the association others had with emotion and sex. My findings only solidified my original hypothesis—they were separate things entirely.

Or I’d proven another hypothesis altogether—that I was incapable of that type of emotion. That I was incapable of love. That certainly wasn’t a conclusion that I’d ruled out.

It was after ten when a bunch of us commandeered a lounging area set up specifically for the party. I sat on the loveseat, Celia at my side. Christina Brooke half sat, half fell at my feet. I imagined she’d gone past tipsy to drunk, but most of it was an act. She was looking for an excuse to lean against my leg. I didn’t mind. I liked the way her hand held onto my thigh as her breast pushed through her tank against my bare shin. My view of her was fantastic. I could see down her shirt with ease. She was an extremely sexy girl with plump lips that I couldn’t help imagining wrapped around my cock. I had a semi just thinking about it.

Celia cast an irritated glance down at her friend. “Everyone’s drinking but me.”

With difficulty, I shifted my focus from Christina to Celia. I couldn’t let lust distract me. “I’m not drinking.”

She scowled. “But you could get some if you wanted.”

I looked around at the other guests our age. They weren’t legal, but almost all were nursing an alcoholic beverage of some sort. Obviously the bartender we’d hired wasn’t carding. “Why can’t you get one?”

I wondered if she was afraid to leave me alone with Christina. The way my cock pushed at my briefs, maybe that was a valid fear.

“My father’s guarding the bar. I have no shot.” Not the response I’d expected. “He already told me he wanted to find nothing in my hand tonight but Diet Coke. And he checks. See?”

I looked toward the bar where Warren was perched, his back against the counter. Sure enough, his eyes were on us, though I had a feeling it was more because he was interested in my fraternization with his daughter than because he was concerned about her stealing a sip of wine. Warren Werner was the protective father sort. It occurred to me that my experiment might earn me a black eye from the man.

It would be worth it.

The project consumed me now. I realized that fully. I’d turn down a fuck-hot sure thing at my feet for a chance to prove my hypothesis. Was it really an experiment anymore, or a game? It was my obsession, that’s what it was. Anything else I called it at this point was merely a label.

“I’m standing up now,” I warned Christina. She mumbled something then lay back on the grass, likely on the verge of passing out. Her shirt pushed up and I glimpsed her bare belly. I allowed myself one mental snapshot to savor for later when I jerked off in the shower. Then I turned to Celia.

“Come with me. I don’t believe the entire liquor cabinet was brought out to the patio. If it was, I know where my mother keeps her secret stash.” I took Celia’s hand and laced my fingers through hers. It felt warmer than I expected, and the shock of it almost made me let go. But I reasoned the sensation was likely caused by the filthy thoughts I’d been having about Christina.

I let the visions of sex fade from my mind as we walked toward the house. At the door, I peered over at my friend and winked. “Also, I have something I want to give you.”

“You do?” Her eyes lit up. “What is it?”

“All in good time, my love.” The manipulation of my endearment made me cringe. Especially when I saw the effect it had on The Subject. She literally glowed.

I was disgusted with myself. That surprised me, but I didn’t take it to mean anything too enlightening. A decent human being would have felt it long before now. More proof that I was neither decent nor feeling.

Except I was feeling in that moment. Bitter disgust. It was ugly in texture and taste. I didn’t like it. It was a hindrance to my goal. That drink would be good.

Ten minutes later as the bourbon from the mini-bar off the living room settled in my stomach, I reevaluated the weakness I’d felt shortly before. Perhaps it wasn’t weakness, after all. It was more recognition of fact than a feeling. There was no doubt I was a disgusting person. No one who knew the extent of my thoughts and actions would disagree.

But there was no one who knew my inner psyche. My secret belonged only to me.

“Better?” I swirled the liquid in my glass before finishing the last swallow.

“Much.” Celia downed her own drink, cringing as she took in the bitter alcohol. “Woo!” She held her hand out to me to steady herself. “Maybe I should have drank that slower.”

“Here.” I helped her to the couch. “Sit while I get your gift.”

She settled into the upholstery. “It’s not my birthday or anything. Why would you get me something?”

“Do I need an occasion? Besides, it’s barely anything at all.” I left her to head to the dining room where I’d stashed my gift on the china cabinet. I’d planned this earlier, and not wanting to be too sequestered with Celia, I’d made sure my present was near the party.

I gathered the items and thought briefly how I owed Mirabelle for the tip of gifting based on knowing someone. Celia hadn’t declared a major yet. She’d spent long hours debating with me about what she should choose. Her heart longed to pursue art, but her parents would never approve of such a frivolous career choice. While I’d listened and consoled, I hadn’t given much input. I appreciated art in all forms, yet I had not a lick of that kind of creativity, and how she could marry her passion with an occupation the Werners approved of was beyond me.

Then my mother hired an interior designer for our home back in Manhattan. By hand, he’d sketched out beautiful new concepts for our living room and den. The work he’d done was creative and artistic and completely something within Celia’s capability. I’d researched programs at Celia’s school and ordered some brochures. Then I purchased a coffee table book with photographs of contemporary designs from the last decade. These were the gifts I gave to Celia.

“It’s merely an option.” I sat and watched her look through the brochures over her shoulder. “You can take or leave the information however you like. I won’t be offended if you think it’s all shit.”

She shook her head. “No. It’s perfect. This idea is perfect.”

I shrugged. But I was quite pleased with the results of my gift.

“Thank you, Hudson.” Her eyes were wet and her face flushed, equally from the liquor as much as from my gesture. “I’m so moved. You can’t understand.”

“Really, it’s nothing.”

“Stop being humble. It’s a lot. Thank you.” She wiped a tear from her eye. Then she threw herself into my arms. “Thank you so much.”

I paused for a moment before embracing her back. I hadn’t expected her hug, but once I got over the initial shock, I was glad for it. Warmth spread in my chest, and I couldn’t figure out if my satisfaction was from the progress I’d made in my experiment or from sincere care for my friend’s happiness. Did I have that in me? To care whether or not good things happened to Celia?

It seemed that maybe I did.

So when she pulled back and found my mouth, I welcomed it. I kissed her genuinely, letting my lips move in tandem with hers. She tasted sweet and innocent and also in need, as if she’d yearned for this kiss for as long as I’d worked to get her there. Her urge was so strong it was contagious. I could have kept kissing her. I could have taken her to my room. I could have stripped her naked and learned her body and made her writhe, forgetting all about my experiment, abandoning everything I’d ever believed about myself.

I could have. But how long would it last? Until we’d both come and were spent? Longer, perhaps—a week, a month? Until she realized that I was cold and calculating? Until she discovered that everything that she liked about me was a façade? That everything she thought I felt was a complete and utter lie?

No. I could never let anyone know who I really was. No one could want me if they knew who I was inside. It was better that I could never love in return because I’d never keep anyone anyway. So I had to end it—the kiss. In the name of all that I knew I could never be or have or give.

Also, I had an experiment to conclude.

I broke the kiss and pulled away from her. It was easier than it should have been. She tried to reach for me again and I halted her. “Celia.” My breath was ragged. “You have a boyfriend.”

“Can’t we pretend just for tonight that I don’t?” Her eyes were hopeful, wanting.

But my stoicism had returned and her pleading expression had no effect on me.

I stood, brushing my hand through my hair. “I told you I’m done pretending.” Done pretending with myself. I had to finally be honest. It wasn’t that I suspected I was incapable of love—I knew I was incapable. If I wasn’t, I would have been able to keep kissing Celia. And I couldn’t.

She rose and stepped toward me, but froze when the sound of loud voices came from the kitchen. My parents’ voices.

I hurried to them, Celia at my heels. At the archway to the kitchen, I stopped, peering around the corner to see what was going on. Along with my parents, I saw my siblings and their nanny, Erin.

“You don’t think I know?” my mother was shouting at my father. “You and your whores.”

I looked across the room out toward the party that thrived outside. All the windows were shut, thankfully. Likely no one could hear this going on inside.

“How many have there been, Jack?” my mother spit out. She was drunk. She was often drunk, but she generally was able to hide it. That she couldn’t hold it together when we had company irked me to no end.

It had a more devastating effect on my siblings.

“Mom.” Mirabelle pulled at the edge of Sophia’s dress. “Stop yelling. You’re making Chandler cry.”

“Erin.” My father motioned to the nanny. “Take Chandler up, will you? And Mira.”

Mirabelle protested. “I’m old enough to stay up. I don’t want to miss—”

“Go. I’ll be up when I can.” There was no disagreeing with my dad when he had that tone. Mirabelle followed Erin out the other kitchen door.

Then Dad turned to my mother, putting a hand on her upper arm. “Sophia, let’s talk about this later.”

She shrugged out of his grasp. “Just go now. Pretend to look after your children when you’re really after that piece of ass. Everyone here knows you’re fucking her.”

“No one here knows anything.” He corrected himself quickly. “Because there’s nothing to know. You’ve had too much to drink, that’s all. Planning this party has exhausted you. Lie down for a bit—”

My mother slapped him. Hard enough that it left a mark. “Don’t you fucking patronize me. I know, Jack. I’ve known forever. And I don’t want to hear your excuses anymore. You’re going to fuck who you want whether I’m around or not, but I don’t have to have it under my roof. Your skanks are no longer welcome in my house. You are no longer welcome in my house.”

“Sophia.” Despite his aching jaw, my father reached again for his wife.

“You can stay in the guest house from now on. Fuck whoever, whenever. Not in my house. Not in front of my children.” She threw her hand in the direction that the nanny had gone. “And Erin’s no longer on my payroll.”

My father finally lost his cool. “It’s not your fucking payroll, Sophia,” he shouted. “I’m the one who brings the goddamn money to the household.”

“Is that so? And just how is it that you have companies to run in the first place?”

“Yes, yes. You’re right. I owe you every fucking thing I’ve ever earned. I forgot.” This wasn’t the first time I’d heard this argument from my parents. It had been my mother who had the money when they’d married. My mother who’d given him the companies that he’d turned into Pierce Industries. And she never let him forget it.

My father scrubbed his hands over his face. This seemed to calm him. “Look, you can yell at me about this all you want, Sophia. Tomorrow. Later tonight, even. But now, we have a garden full of guests that I’m going to tend to. With or without you.” He turned away from her and headed toward the patio doors.

“I’m serious about the guest house, Jack. Don’t even try to come back in here to sleep tonight,” she yelled after him, but he was already gone.

I watched her as she fell apart. Her face contorted and she doubled over as if in physical pain. The sob she let out was shattering. This because of love.

Thank God I was incapable of that. My parents were the best example of look-what-you’re-not-missing that ever existed. Maybe I owed them more than I thought.

“Do you think you should go to her?”

I’d forgotten about Celia until that moment.

“Not my problem.” It was more callous than I wanted her to believe I was. I backtracked. “I didn’t mean that. I just don’t want to embarrass her by letting her know we saw that. I’ll go in a minute.”

“I’ll help,” Celia offered.

“No. No, let me. She’s drunk. You don’t need to deal with that.” It was a humiliating scene. I hated that Celia had witnessed it.

I glanced toward her and found her biting her lip.

“Did your dad really…” She took a deep breath. “Did he really sleep with the nanny?”

It wouldn’t have surprised me. I had little confidence in my father’s fidelity. Really, I didn’t blame him. My mother was not the easiest woman to live with. If I had to blame anyone for the lack of humanity that existed in me, I’d blame her. She taught me to be cold. She forced me to put up that wall.

But Celia didn’t need to know all my family secrets. “I don’t know,” I mumbled. “Like I said, my mother’s drunk. She doesn’t know what she’s talking about.”

Celia cleared her throat in a way that let me know she didn’t believe me.

Then her hand settled softly on my back. “I’m sorry, Hudson.”

I forced myself not to tense under her touch. It was harder than it should have been. She’d touched me a lot recently, and it never bothered me before. Right then, though, when I wasn’t in control of the connection, when I was on the verge of some kind of vulnerability that I couldn’t explain—then, her hand on me was difficult to tolerate. But pushing her away would undo all the work I’d done that summer. So I endured.

Then the strangest thing happened—a wave of grief rolled through me like a bout of nausea. Like my mother crumpled over in front of us, I felt like any moment I could fall apart. I had a strong urge to turn to Celia, to let her hold me, let her comfort me. As if I were Chandler, crying at the sight of my mother’s tears. It was the most concrete emotion I’d had in longer than I could remember. I was out-of-control. I was fragile. It was horrible.

I had to make it end. I had to get away whether it ruined all my work on the project or not. “I’m going to her now.” I didn’t turn around, didn’t let Celia see what was in my eyes, too scared of what she’d find there. “I’m helping her to bed, and then I’m going to bed myself. I’ll see you at the Brookes’ tomorrow. Goodnight, Celia.”

I took a step toward the kitchen and was stopped by Celia’s hushed call of my name. I stayed but didn’t turn to her.

“It’s okay,” she said. “It’s okay to feel.”

Fuck, what did she think she knew about me? It angered me, which only added to my grief. I wanted her to go, to stop assuming she understood. If this was what it was like to feel, I didn’t fucking like it one bit. But she was right that it was okay. I would get control back. This wouldn’t overcome me. I’d get past it.

Now if she’d just fucking leave, it would be so much easier.

But she didn’t. “And I understand if you need to go through this alone. I’m here for you when you’re ready, Hudson. I love you.”

I nodded once, acknowledging her declaration. I didn’t attempt to speak. I wasn’t sure I could. Her words were at once frightening and exhilarating. They burned me and freed me and, above all, confused me. I’d wanted those words—they were the words that led to confirming my hypothesis. But there in that moment, they threatened to destroy my other theory. Because a part of me wanted to return those words to her. A part of me believed that I might be able to love her back.

The mix of so many warring emotions paralyzed me. The grief, the pain, the joy, the release. So, I simply stood there, frozen, unresponding.

In front of me, my mother recovered enough from her breakdown to right herself. I’d waited too long to help her. She was going to help herself. She did that by heading to the counter where she refilled her glass from a bottle of vodka that she thought she kept hidden from us under the kitchen sink.

I realized that was how she did it. When the cold-hearted woman that was my mother felt a shred of anything—which was rare—that was how she suppressed it. She drank. She drank to ease her torment. To quiet her sorrow. To kill her love.

I understood her motivation. But the pathetic creature she’d turned into because of it was not someone I ever wanted to be.

Right then I vowed that I’d be stronger than that. I wouldn’t need alcohol to stop the feeling from creeping in. I could control it on my own. Just like I could control everything and everyone else around me. The greatest example of that was still standing behind me. Celia had just declared her love for me.

Clueless about the power of the moment or her impact on it, Celia whispered a goodnight. The flip-flip of her feet in her shoes told me she was leaving. The silence that followed said she’d left.

A slow smirk eased across my lips as the whirlwind of emotion dissipated inside me. As suddenly as I’d lost it, I’d regained control. The familiar numbness settled in my chest, replacing any semblance of feeling. My mother was drunk, but on her way to passing out. My father was a cheating asshole, but he handled my mother with as much skill as he was handling the party outside. Erin might be a slut, but she was doing her job tending to my siblings.

Nothing was falling apart. Everything was fine.

And Celia loved me.

I had to believe a break-up from her boyfriend was imminent. My experiment was nearly complete. Exactly as I’d planned.





Chapter Six





AFTER





At a quarter past six, I approach Norma Anders’ open door. As my chief financial manager, I’m not surprised to see her working after hours, but her assistant’s presence is unexpected. He’s leaning over the desk facing her, and their discussion is hushed. I knock on the doorframe to announce my presence.

Her assistant straightens immediately, and he moves out of the way so Norma can see me.

I catch her gaze. “I need to sign that power of attorney if you have it ready.”

“Of course.” She nods to her assistant. “Boyd, will you—”

“Certainly.” The young man rushes past me to his desk, presumably to get the paper I require. I wonder briefly if he’s always this anxious or only when the owner of the company stops by. Honestly, it’s rare for me to venture down to Norma’s office. She’s usually summoned to mine.

Despite my infrequent visits, I’m relaxed in this setting. I don’t wait for Norma’s invitation to come in.

“Make yourself comfortable, Hudson,” she teases after I’m sitting across from her. “I expected you to ask for this earlier this afternoon.”

“I lost track of time.” It’s not entirely dishonest. I’ve had my mind on other things, such as my plans for later that evening, but I purposefully procrastinated making this visit. It’s a waste of my time to spend hours signing for the acquisition of The Sky Launch. Giving Norma power of attorney to do so in my stead is practical. But signing the paper is, in very many ways, my official declaration that I’m pursuing this insane plan.

So I didn’t request her to bring it by. I put it off until long after my secretary and most of the building had gone home. In the end, though, here I am. With my pen ready in my breast pocket, no less.

Boyd returns and hands a file to Norma. “If that’s everything, I’ll be leaving.”

“Yes, right.” She peers at her watch. “It is rather late. Thank you for staying. I’ll see you in the morning.”

“Right. Tomorrow, Ms. Anders.”

A glance passes between them and I realize that the two are fucking. It’s not likely obvious to most others, but I’ve studied human nature and relationships extensively. I know an “I-see-you-naked-on-a-regular-basis” look when I see one.

I don’t mention it or let on that I recognize the situation, though. If I did, I’d have to be willing to reprimand Norma. Social relationships are not permitted between management and staff, and it’s a terminable offense. But she’s too valuable of an employee to care about something so unrelated to what I employ her for.

With Boyd gone, Norma opens the file and finds the paper I need to sign. She briefly looks it over before handing it to me. I don’t read it. I sign and date where appropriate and hand it back.

“Are you sure you want to do this?” she asks as she takes the document from me. She’s already putting it back in the file, knowing I’m not going to change my mind even though we’re going to have a conversation about it.

“I’m positive.” I’m not positive. I’ve never entered into a business deal with as much doubt as I have now. It’s not the financials that bother me. Even if I lose money, it’s too small of a company to even scratch the surface of my holdings.

“The price is reasonable enough, but, Hudson, this is not a good business investment.” She’s not trying to belittle my decision, I remind myself. It’s Norma’s job to question me.

“Is it a particularly bad one?” I should at least hear her out.

She scans through the prospect sheet regarding The Sky Launch. “Not necessarily. If you’re willing to give it some time and attention.”

“I am.” Too much time and attention. I’m lucky everything else at Pierce Industries is running smoothly at the moment.

She closes the file and leans back in her chair, her elbow propped on the armrest, her chin held in her palm. “Why are you so set on a nightclub?”

“I own nightclubs in other cities.” I have one in Atlantic City. Another in Miami and two in Vegas. This won’t be my first venture into the industry, and as the current owner has assured me, the staff at The Sky Launch is self-sufficient. Whatever happens with Celia, I plan to have Alayna groomed to take over as general manager as soon as possible. Once that takes place, my involvement at the club will be minimal.

“Let me rephrase, why are you so interested in this night club? I could get some people looking, and we could find something else local that’s going to take less of your time and be more profitable.”

I dodge the suggestion. “How’s your family?”

“I love how you think changing the subject will distract me from pursuing this. I’ll make you pay by actually answering your question. My brother’s home now. I wish I could say fully recovered, but that will take time.”

Norma’s brother had a breakdown recently and had been admitted to a mental hospital. While I normally try not to get involved with my employees’ private lives, Norma had explained the situation so that she could get some emergent time off.

“He’ll get there,” I assure her.

“I know he will. And Gwen’s still at Eighty-Eighth Floor.” Her brows lift with an idea. “Now that’s a nightclub you should look into buying.”

She’s not going to let it go until I give her a more satisfactory reason for wanting Alayna’s club. “There’s asset in The Sky Launch I can’t get elsewhere.” It feels wrong to refer to Alayna as an asset, though, legitimately, she is. “A star employee. I peg her as an up-and-comer in management and I want to be her employer when that happens.”

Norma considers for a few seconds. Then she sighs. “I can’t decide if you’re being honest or blowing smoke up my ass. Whichever, you win. I’ll stop giving you my two cents.”

“You’re one of the four most important people in my life other than my family. I value your opinion.” Though I’m grateful that she’s dropping this issue, I usually do appreciate her input.

“Really?” She leans forward, her elbows braced on her desk. “Who are the other three?”

I reply without missing a beat. “My secretary, my assistant, and my unofficial head of security.” That’s as good a title for Jordan as anything.

Norma frowns. “Isn’t it sad that they’re all on your payroll?”

“It’s not sad. It’s the way I like it.” I brush invisible lint from my pant leg, not meeting her eyes. I don’t find my relationships sad. I’m content. But is that how I want to live the rest of my days? Merely content?

Her frown remains. “Did I see Celia Werner here the other day?”

I don’t like Norma’s concern about my social life or lack thereof. It gives her an excuse to play matchmaker and I’m not interested in that at all. So I let her believe what she wants about Celia. It’s easier. “Yes, she was here.”

“You’re not redecorating anything right now, are you?”

I don’t answer, but my expression tells her that I’m not. It’s the only work-related reason that Celia would be around—if she were handling a redesign of one of the offices.

Norma assumes as I guessed she would. “As much as I’m happy to see you with a woman in your life, I really wish it wasn’t her.”

Now that’s what’s sad—that Celia is the woman in my life. That my past has tied me to the person who I despise and look down on more than anyone…other than myself.

I stand, unwilling to continue the conversation. “Thank you for your help, Norma.”

I leave quickly, as if by escaping the discussion I could escape the reality that the discussion centered on. But there’s no escape from this reality. I’ve made my bed. Time to lie.





It’s near ten that evening when I pull my car into the lot at Columbus Circle. My grip tightens around the steering wheel. I clutch on, pouring all my aggression into my grasp. Then I let go. The action helps center me. I’m anxious and I need to burn off some tension.

Really what I need is to go home and run a few miles on the treadmill. But I’m here already. So I get out of my Maybach and head toward the front doors of the club.

I’ve been to The Sky Launch twice before now. Both times were during the day, once with the seller and another time with my appraiser. I’ve never seen it in operation nor have I met any of the employees. Before I do, I want the opportunity to observe them in their environment.

That’s my excuse for this visit. It’s bullshit. I want to observe Alayna in her environment. I don’t give a fuck about anyone else. The schedule posted to the wall in the staff room indicated that she was taking the next week off. Tomorrow is her graduation, so I assume she’s using the time to celebrate. Tonight is my only chance to see her at work. When she returns, the transfer of ownership will be complete, and I will be her boss.

It’s a weeknight and not yet summer, but there’s a line outside the club. I manage to get in quickly—an expensive Armani suit is an automatic ticket into most anywhere. Inside, I spend a few minutes surveying the dance floor. The DJ is good and the layout works well. I glance up at the bubble rooms that circle the second floor. They’re the highlight of the club. With a little emphasis, they’d draw an even bigger crowd. In fact, it’s not hard to imagine how well the place could do with a few tweaks.

I catch myself brainstorming and stop. That’s for Alayna. Marketing was her area of interest at school. After her presentation, I have a feeling her ideas for the club would blow mine out of the water.

Thinking about Alayna and her ideas, I can’t wait any longer. I have to find her. The schedule I saw indicated she was to be tending the first floor bar. I make my way through the crowd that thickens as I close in toward the counter.

I spot her when I’m still twenty feet away.

In the days that followed the symposium—weeks now, three to be exact—I’d often wondered if I’d imagined the effect that Alayna Withers had on me. My sanity isn’t exactly indisputable, after all, and the way I’ve obsessed over and transfixed myself on this stranger is indeed crazy.

But even across this distance, with the music blaring so loud that I can’t hear her voice and the lights so dim I can’t make out the details of her features—even now, she pulls at me with a magnetic force that is neither explainable nor rational. My eyes cling to her as though she were the only glow in a dark room. And isn’t she?

She’s swept away in her work. The way she shuffles around her fellow staff members to serve her customers—it’s a dance, beautiful and mesmerizing. The smiles and nods she shares with those around her are so engaging that I’m instantly jealous of every recipient. I want her smiles. I want her nods. I want to engage her.

It’s more than my competitive nature at hand here. It has nothing to do with my past games or experiments, though the feeling of exhilaration is identical. It’s perplexing and I’m not a man who’s easily confused.

I tear my focus away long enough to make it to an empty seat at the far end of the bar. Then my gaze returns to her. My constant staring will likely be attributed to a thirsty customer trying to signal the wait staff, but frankly I don’t care what Alayna thinks of me just as long as she thinks of me at all. I yearn for her attention with such a deep ache. Yearn for the instant that she looks at me, connects with me. I’ll turn down any service that isn’t from her. I need to know if I have any of the effect on her that she has on me.

As I watch her, one of the other bartenders—a man that I imagine is David Lindt, the manager of the bar—gathers the staff around him. Soon he’s distributed shots and all are partaking.

If I were really here to spy on my staff, this would be the episode that might grab my attention. Drinking behind the bar is not an acceptable way to run a club. However, though I can’t hear exactly what’s being said from my side of the counter, the cheers and hoots seem to indicate a special occasion.

From the way everyone’s focused on Alayna, I gather it’s about her.

“Woo hoo!” she screams, as if to confirm my thoughts. “Goddamn, that’s nice!”

She’s fun, I realize. Besides being smart and responsible, she knows how to enjoy herself. It’s so different from me, so foreign that it should be a complete turn-off. Instead, it intrigues me more. As if that were possible.

Once the shots are consumed, the staff disperses. Alayna stays behind the bar. I’m more relieved than I want to admit. My relief is replaced with envy as she moves to embrace a customer. Who is this man? I’ve had Jordan tailing Alayna for the better part of two weeks. His findings have shown she has a limited social life, her outings relating only to work, school, and exercise—namely, running. There has been no evidence of a boyfriend or even a close friend. Has Jordan missed something important?

I strain to hear the conversation between the two. Quickly, I deduce that the man is simply a regular customer. My relief returns. Though I may have to step in if he continues to stare at Alayna’s breasts the way he is. I don’t blame him. They’re exceptional breasts. I can’t stop staring myself. But they should not be shared with the likes of drunk assholes who only want a quick fuck.

Thank God I’m neither a drunk nor someone who wants a quick fuck. Slow. That’s how it will go with Alayna. I’ll take my time when I fuck her and it won’t be just a one-time thing.

Jesus, where did that thought come from? I hadn’t planned to pursue Alayna sexually. It certainly wasn’t part of Celia’s scheme. But now that I’ve thought it, I can’t seem to get the idea out of my mind.

It’s her damn outfit. She looks like sex on legs.

I make a mental note to speak to Alayna about her wardrobe choices for work.

I manage to stop thinking about my cock by concentrating on the other information I’ve gleaned from my eavesdropping. Alayna has admitted she has no plans for her vacation. I don’t like that. She should be celebrating her accomplishments. Furthermore, the hint of disappointment in her posture leads me to believe she wishes she had plans.

But I can’t dwell on this. Because she’s sliding down the bar toward me. Finally, her attention is mine.

“Now what can I get…you…?” Her words trail as she meets my eyes. The intense grip of her gaze on mine nearly takes my breath away. It leaves her speechless as well, her jaw slack as she takes me in.

Then I know.

I know that no one has ever looked at me this way. I know that this connection is not just one-sided, that she feels it too. I know that I scare her and fascinate her as much as she scares and fascinates me. I know that sooner or later I will fuck her, that she will enjoy it. That I will enjoy it. And somehow, with certainty that exceeds every other fact that I’ve come to accept in this space of seconds, I know that my life will never be the same again.

Eventually, I remember I’m supposed to be placing my order. “Single-malt Scotch. Neat, please.”

She shakes her head as if snapping out of a haze. “I have a 12-year-old Macallan.”

“Fine.” A single word and I barely manage to rasp it out. She doesn’t look at me while she pours my drink and I already miss the warmth of her eyes. Then, as she hands me my glass, I purposefully let my fingers brush against hers. I had to. I needed to know how it felt to touch her.

I’m rewarded with far more than the softness of her skin and the zing of electricity that passes between us. I’m rewarded with her shiver. It’s visible. I do affect her. I’m more than pleased.

She’s wary of me though. She yanks her hand away and scurries to the other side of the bar.

I wonder at her thoughts as I sip from my glass. Because of her history, I might assume she reacts to many men the way she did to me. Yet, I’ve watched her all night and she’s seemed at ease with everyone except me. She is afraid of me, but I believe that fear has to do with herself. I’ve done nothing to frighten her, though I haven’t masked any of the lust she’s sparked inside me. Is that enough to throw her?

I’m seconds away from forming a theory. And then I force my thoughts in another direction. It is there that I finalize my intent with Alayna Withers. I will lead her through the stupid game of Celia’s. I will participate as I’ve agreed. Separately, I will seduce her, because after the brush of her hand, I can’t imagine not touching every inch of her with my fingers, my mouth, my tongue.

But Alayna will not be my subject. I will not experiment with her emotions. I will not let her break. If anything, this will be a study of myself. It will be an opportunity to see if anyone can break me.

As I solidify my plans, I nurse my drink and continue to watch her. Soon, she’s left to manage the bar herself. She cleans the counters with what seems to be nervous energy. Then she looks toward me. It’s a ray of sun escaping heavy cloud cover when her eyes find mine again.

She sweeps toward me and nods at my near empty glass. “Another?”

“No, I’m good.” I don’t need any more. I’m intoxicated by her presence. I reach in my breast pocket and pull a hundred from my billfold. I don’t intend to accept the change.

She rings up my order at the register and I realize our encounter is nearing an end. I feel compelled to talk to her, to soak up as much of her as I can in the last few moments of anonymity that I will share with her.

I debate for a moment an appropriate conversation starter that will neither give anything away about me nor appear creepy. I remember the toast that was shared among the staff and choose to remark on that. “Special occasion?”

Her brow creases. “Uh, yeah. My graduation. I walk tomorrow for my MBA.”

I already know this, but as I’m genuinely impressed by her, it’s not hard to display admiration. “Congratulations. Here’s to your every success.” I lift my glass to her and then shoot back the last of it.

“Thank you.” Her eyes are on my mouth and I can’t help myself—I lick my lips and delight as her pupils dilate in reaction.

She reaches out to give me my change.

I almost change my mind about accepting it. It would be another opportunity to touch her, and I burn for that. But I’m already stiff as it is. I don’t want to encourage my desire, not tonight. So I shake my head and say, “Keep it.”

“I can’t.”

“You can and you will.” It’s not the first time I’ve tipped so generously, but it’s the first time I’ve really cared that it be accepted. “Consider it a graduation gift.”

“Okay.” She concedes, but I sense that it’s difficult for her. “Thanks.”

Her surrender, simple as it is, arouses me further. She’s turned from me now, but I’m not ready to let her go. “Is this also a goodbye party?” She faces me again. “I don’t imagine you’ll be using your MBA to continue bartending.” God, those eyes. Those eyes find me, every time.

She hesitates. “Actually, I’d like to move up here. I love the nightclub scene.” She seems to prepare herself for my criticism.

Three weeks ago, I would have given it. Now, I say, “It makes you alive.”

“Exactly.” She breaks into a smile.

“It shows.” When I’d first learned she’d chosen to stay at The Sky Launch rather than use her degree in a more traditional way, I’d assumed that Alayna had an affinity with the club. Having witnessed her in this environment and comparing it to her presentation at Stern, I see it’s even more than that. This place is a life force for her. She’s struck me with her beauty both times I’ve seen her. Here, though, her beauty is transcendent.

“Laynie!” It’s the drunk kid down the bar. Alayna leaves me to attend to him. I eavesdrop, cringing as he gives her his number. I wonder how many times she gets hit on in an evening. It bothers me more than I want it to. Once more, I curse her outfit.

Thankfully, she doesn’t seem too interested in this guy. She throws his number away the minute he leaves, catching my eye as she does.

I could smile and nod and we wouldn’t have to discuss it. But I find myself wanting to know, so I ask, “Do you do that with every number you receive?”

Really, I just want her to talk to me some more. Yet another way to demand her attention.

She studies me. “Are you trying to figure out if I’d throw away your number?”

I can’t help myself—I laugh. “Maybe.”

She smiles, illuminating the space around her. It’s the kind of smile that some men would do anything to see as often as possible. I wonder what it would feel like to be that kind of man.

Then she leans on the counter toward me, and my gaze is pulled to the gorgeous curve of her tits. “I wouldn’t throw yours away. I wouldn’t take yours at all.”

I manage to lift my eyes to hers. “Not your type?”

“Not necessarily.”

I’m enjoying this conversation much more than I should. “Why then?”

“Because you’re looking for something temporary. Something fun to play with.” She leans closer and it takes all my strength not to look back down at her breasts, not to notice if her nipples are puckered against the thin fabric of her blouse, not to reach forward and brush them with my fingertips.

“And I get attached.” She straightens. “Now doesn’t that just scare you shitless?”

Scare me shitless? It turns me the fuck on. Everything she does and says is more fuel for a fire of desire that is slowly overtaking me. I’m beginning to think I’d do anything to be near her. Oh, that’s right—I’ve already done anything.

And she assumes she’s the dark one of the two of us. It’s amusing.

“You, Alayna Withers, do anything but scare me.” I stand and button my coat. I’m tempted to stay longer, but I’ve just dropped that I know her name. I shouldn’t be here when she realizes. “Congratulations again. Quite an accomplishment.”

Long after I’ve left, I feel her eyes on me. The warmth and life contained in her gaze clings to my body even after I’m home. Consumes me. I think about her while I’m in the shower as I stroke myself. I come fast and hard and still her presence cleaves to me like a second skin.

Needing to see her again soon, I decide to gift her a week at my spa in the mountains near Poughkeepsie. I’ll have it delivered anonymously and then I’ll join her there. I can meet her on equal ground. I can get to know her, spend time with her, seduce her. It would likely put Celia’s scheme in jeopardy which is just an added bonus.

The idea thrills me and delights me as I think about it.

And then I let it go.

I know from experience that Celia is a worthy foe. Any violation of her plan on my part will result in retaliation. Though I don’t fear what she can do to me, I am attached in this odd way to Alayna Withers. I care about what Celia can and will do to her. My protection can only be effective if I stay the course.

Though I’m a fairly humorless person, I laugh at my own attempt to fool myself. I’m not invested in this for Alayna’s benefit. It’s all for my own. I want to be close to the woman. I want to study the effect she has on me. I want to see her survive, but it’s for my own selfish satisfaction.

Still, I decide to give her the spa trip. I’m not sure what motivates me to do so. I don’t leave my name on the gift note so it’s not about endearing her to me. I truly want her to go because I think she’d enjoy it. Because I want her to have a moment of pleasure in a life that has been less than easy. Perhaps I am capable of unselfish actions after all.

Or maybe I just know Alayna will have a better chance in Celia’s game if she enters it pampered and well-rested. That’s a more likely reason for my actions. I’m capable of manipulating the thoughts of many, but I can’t convince myself that I’m a better person than I am, no matter how hard I try.





Chapter Seven





I’m a composed man. Always in control. I’ve run meetings of disgruntled board members without forming a bead of sweat. I’ve bid on high stock investments without altering my pulse. I’ve played convincible mind games without batting an eye.

Tonight, in the presence of a woman I hardly know, I’m in over my head.

Perhaps I’m losing my touch. Or maybe I’ve just finally met my match.

Alayna enters the bubble room before me. Just yesterday, on her first shift after her vacation at my spa, I was introduced to her as the new owner of the club. We haven’t yet had a chance to establish a working relationship. This is by design. I don’t want her to see me as her boss or a business associate. I need her to see me as a man. As a potential lover.

So here we are in as close to a non-work environment as I can establish within the club. She’s accompanying me while I eat dinner. The setup should feel to her like a date. However, it also feels like a date for me and that is why I’m a bit daunted.

At least we’ll be daunted together.

Alayna flips the switch to indicate our bubble room is occupied. Then she hands me a menu. It’s slightly amusing. She’s not on-the-clock, and yet she’s still on duty.

I gesture for her to take a seat. “After you.”

She sits, and I watch her closely. Her knuckles are nearly white from gripping the table edge. Her heel is bouncing against the carpeted floor. She’s nervous to be here—alone—with me. Frankly, I am too. But it’s up to me to calm her nerves. And mine.

Jesus, I’m fucked.

I remove my jacket and take my time hanging it up on the hook behind me. This is when I get my shit together. I’ve only got one shot at pulling this off and if I don’t do it right, the whole scheme is over before it’s begun. And I’ll look like an idiot.

One deep breath in and I’m ready to face her. Game on.

I sit across from her and throw down the menu she gave me. “I don’t need this. Do you?”

“No, thank you, Mr. Pierce.”

“Hudson,” I correct.

“No, thank you, Hudson.” The sound of my name on her lips and I’m already straining in my pants. “I’ve already eaten.”

“A drink then? Though, I know you work at eleven.” This is all a ruse. I’ve already ordered for us both. And I’m the one who needs the drink.

Alayna’s tongue flicks across her lower lip. “Maybe an iced tea.”

Now I’m thinking of her tongue flicking across my cock. “Good.”

I press the button in the middle of the table that summons the waitress and my fingers crash into hers. Her touch, the stunning warmth in this brief contact—I must have more. She moves to pull away, but I don’t let her and take her hand in mine.

She inhales sharply as I stroke my thumb along the back of her hand.

I lock my eyes on hers, noticing her pupils widen. I make an excuse about why I’m still touching her. She accepts it. From the look on her expression, she’ll accept anything I say at the moment.

She’s into me. This is good.

I’d worried that my harsh meeting with her the day before had ended her attraction. Admittedly, I’d been…not very friendly is one way to put it. It was necessary though. She’d been dressed provocatively—again—and I’d made a scene about it. I had to establish my authority in front of David. I had to show from the beginning that Alayna would not be my favorite as far as work was concerned—though she very much already was.

And I had to put an end to her wearing outfits that invited men to harass her. Maybe she could handle their advances. I could not.

Necessary as it was, the flare of anger that had sparked in her eyes afterward had concerned me. Now, as I caress her skin, and she practically melts in my hand, I realize my anxiety was in vain.

Also, I realize how nice it feels to touch her like this. Extremely nice.

My phone rings, interrupting our contact.

“Excuse me.” I remove my phone from my pants pocket and silence it. I know from the ringtone who it is—Celia. She’s likely checking in on my progress.

Fuck her. She’s too eager and it pisses me off. I’ll get back to her when I’m good and ready, if at all.

“You can take it if you need to,” Alayna says.

“There can’t be anything important enough to interrupt this conversation.” It’s a line and not a line all at once. Is it possible to play the game and be sincere at the same time? My script is very loose. I know where I’m supposed to end before I walk out of this room, but everything that takes place before then is improvised. In my past schemes, I’d study the subject and make educated guesses as to what he or she wanted to hear in order to get them to the finish. I artfully manipulated.

This is not like that.

Though everything I have said and done so far has set me up perfectly for my task, a great deal of it has come organically. It’s genuine.

It’s such a foreign arrangement that, again, I have the sensation of being completely fucked.

The waitress enters and I’m relieved for the break in my thoughts. She places my dinner in front of me along with a glass of Sancerre. Then she sets a glass of iced tea in front of Alayna.

Alayna’s brow rises and I answer her unasked question. “I asked Liesl what you usually drank. If you had said you wanted something different, I wouldn’t look quite so cool at this moment.”

My play is working—she relaxes ever so slightly and gives me a smile. “Hmm, cool is not quite the word I’d use for you.”

Well, this is intriguing. “What word would you use for me then?”

She blushes and takes a sip of her tea. I’m betting she was thinking something dirty. I’m desperate to find out.

But the waitress interrupts my quest. “Anything else, Mr. Pierce?”

“We’re good.” I wait until she’s gone to return to my pursuit. “What word would you use for me, Alayna?”

She doesn’t hesitate. “Controlled.”

“Interesting.” It’s not what she was going to say. I take a bite of my sea bass, seemingly diverting my attention. “Not that controlled isn’t an accurate description of me. But I had thought from the look on your face that you would say something else.”

She doesn’t respond and I’m more convinced that her thoughts were inappropriate. She moves her eyes to study the club below us. As I eat my meal, I study her. She’s not as easy to read as most people I encounter. Or perhaps it’s that I want to know more of her than I can scope out on my own. I want to know what she’s thinking. What she thinks about me.

What the hell is that about? I can’t remember the last time I cared about what someone thought of me. Yet here I am, not only craving to possess her body, but her mind as well. I want to be in her thoughts. I want her as consumed with me as I am with her.

At the same time, the idea petrifies me.

So I deflect. “I know why you agreed to dine with me, Alayna.” Actually, I gave her no choice. But she likely has some ideas of why I’ve invited her here, and it’s time to start weeding out the ones that are wrong. “I have to be honest with you. I don’t intend to help you with your desire to make management.”

In fact, I’d spent the earlier part of the evening discussing this very topic with David. I listened to him tell me Alayna’s qualifications in depth. I let him convince me that promoting her was the best move for The Sky Launch. Only when I was sure he would move her along the career path that I wished for her did I tell him that I had no interest in being involved with the day-to-day operations of the club. We both left our meeting pleased.

Alayna, though, is fidgeting before me and I sense her disappointment in my proclamation.

I attempt to relieve her. “That doesn’t mean you won’t be promoted. David said you’re quite capable, and I’m sure you’ll get the position without my help. I may own The Sky Launch, but I am not your boss. David is your boss and will continue to be unless the business no longer thrives under his command.”

She lets out a sigh and I believe she’s reassured.

Now, with that out of the way… “But I didn’t invite you here to discuss the club.”

Her body tenses again. “Why did you invite me?”

It’s the moment to drop my bomb. But I can’t help but flirt around the other option that has probably crossed her mind. “Perhaps I like you.”

It’s not until after I’ve said it that I realize the depth of its honesty. I do like her. I’m often intrigued by people—not to the level that I am with Alayna, but there are those who do attract my interest. It’s rare, though, that I like them. And I like Alayna. Quite a lot already.

She shudders, and I adore that I’ve flustered her. She takes a sip of her drink. “Perhaps I’m seeing someone.”

Even more, I adore that she challenges me despite being thrown off-kilter. It helps take my mind off how off-kilter she’s thrown me.

I know she’s single because of my research, but I would have guessed it even without my spies. “You aren’t. No man would let his woman wear the outfit you wore yesterday.” Now she bristles, and I wonder if I shouldn’t have brought up the encounter where I’d chided her. My thoughts wander to the tight-fitting corset—how her breasts spilled beautifully over the top. I wouldn’t mind seeing it on her again. In private.

So I add, “Not in public, anyway.”

Her eyes spark at the obvious innuendo I’ve made, yet her jaw clenches defiantly. “Perhaps I’m not into controlling boyfriends.”

Touché. “Very well, Alayna.” I cock a brow. “Are you seeing anyone?”

I’ve got her now. But she doesn’t fold, and that’s to be admired. Instead, she sits up straighter and borrows one of my favorite tactics—diversion. “That isn’t why you invited me, Hudson. You have an agenda.”

“An agenda.” I stifle my laugh. She’s so straightforward with me. It’s alarmingly refreshing. “Yes, Alayna, I have an agenda.”

I’m not prepared to share my agenda just yet. Or, rather, she’s not prepared. I play my next card instead. “I presume you enjoyed your time at my spa last week.”

I wish that I could leave the spa as an anonymous gift, wish that I didn’t have to pull it into this game. But the truth is I’m afraid that she will not accept the even larger gift that is part of this scheme. I have to lay the path, get her comfortable with my wealth. If she can see that she’s already taken advantage of what I can offer, then it won’t be so out of her comfort level to concede to more.

“Oh, I didn’t realize you owned…wait...” The moment she registers what I’ve admitted is clearly shown in her expression. “The gift was from you?”

“Yes. Did you have a nice time?”

“No. Way.” Her mouth drops open in surprise.

“No way?” This isn’t an answer to my question, I know. It stems from her awe. I’m glad now that I had to give this secret away. It makes me want to explore what other ways I can surprise her. Particularly ways that involve no clothing.

“I mean, yes, I had a nice time—a wonderful time, in fact—but no way could you have done that. Why did you do that? You shouldn’t have done that.”

“Why ever not?”

Alayna’s eyes are wide and electric. “Because that’s big!”

“Not for me.” I’m not an idiot. I know how it looks. It was an extravagant gift from a stranger. She probably thinks I’m trying to get her in my bed. I am, but the gift was given independently from that.

“But for me it is. It’s huge! And you don’t even know me! It’s completely inappropriate and unprofessional and unprecedented and inappropriate. And if I’d known it was from you, I never would have accepted it.”

Despite her statement, I do not regret my actions. I’m a man with money. I’m not often generous, but I’m rarely refuted when I am. “It’s not inappropriate at all. It was simply a gift. Think of it as a golden hello.” I’m diverting again. Or trying to, at least.

The tactic doesn’t seem to be working. “But you don’t give gifts like that to women who work for you unless you’re running an entirely different kind of club.”

“You’re overreacting, Alayna.” Though she’s actually quite adorable when she’s this worked up.

“I’m not!” Her expression changes from frustrated to quizzical. “And what do you mean a golden hello? You mean, like a signing bonus?”

“Yes, Alayna.” I’ve toyed with her enough. “That’s my agenda. I would like to hire you.”

“I already work for you and I’m happy where I am.” She’s startled and confused.

But I have her attention.

“Again, I don’t feel that you do work for me. I am not your boss. I own the establishment that you work for. That is all. Is that clear?”

I relax when she nods. This is an important delineation for me. As her boss, I’d have the opportunity to work with her closely. However, I want her to choose that for herself. It has nothing to do with the scam Celia is playing—it’s simply how I desire to interact with Alayna. I want our relationship to be unforced. I want it to develop naturally.

I’m a fairly humorless person, but that notion makes even me want to laugh. How can any of it be natural when every bit of it is a ruse?

Well, not every bit of it. Fuck, I don’t even know anymore myself.

It’s then I realize that now that I’m the owner of the club, Celia has nothing to trap me with. I could walk away from this here and now, couldn’t I? I could spend time with Alayna on my own terms—ask her out on a real date, even.

But the idea is too absurd. I never date. And I know Celia—she won’t give up that easily. Also, I’m not a person to make decisions impulsively.

“This wouldn’t affect your employment at the club.” I lean toward her. “Maybe hire is not the correct term. I’d like to pay you to help me with a problem. I believe you’d be perfect for the job.”

“You win. My curiosity is piqued. What’s the job?”

I have her exactly where I want her. I pause to heighten the suspense. “I need you to break up an engagement.” God, how I’ve mastered the art of drama. It’s pathetic; it really is.

She coughs. “Um, what? Whose?”

Leaning back, I reveal my bombshell. “Mine.”

She gapes and I’m lost again in naughty thoughts about her lips. “Close your mouth, Alayna. Although it’s quite adorable to see you flabbergasted, it’s also very distracting.”

Though she closes her mouth, I can see she’s still aghast. I pass her my wine. She takes a swallow—her taste mixing with mine—and then speaks. “I didn’t realize you were engaged.”

She blushes as she says it and I have to look away. She’s too delectable. I consider abandoning the scheme and focusing on seduction instead. But there’s still a lot of groundwork to lay so I deny myself a little longer, and explain to Alayna Withers the strange relationship that Celia and I have found ourselves in. Though much is omitted, almost none of what I say is a lie. I tell her how our parents are friends, how they want us to marry, how my mother thinks there is no one but Celia for me.

I don’t say that our parents’ belief that we should wed is based on a relationship that Celia and I never had. The Werners and my mother—they’ve partnered Celia and me in their minds ever since that summer ten years before. That’s not an important part of this charade, though, and it’s a time I prefer to not think about. So I leave that out.

I leave too much out. Because she soon says, “I’m missing something.”

I nod. “I suppose you are.” I take my glass back from her and finish it off before clearing up the last detail. It’s another truth—the most important truth of this scheme, and one that I’ve never been ashamed to admit. Until now. “Alayna, if there is anyone in the world who has any power over me, it’s my mother.” And Mirabelle, but that’s neither here nor there for the moment. “My mother knows that I am…” I don’t need to search for the word, but I pause anyway. “…incapable…of love. She worries that I will…end up alone. A marriage with her best friend’s daughter, at least, insures that won’t happen.”

I wish I had more to drink as a new doubt starts creeping in. Am I really incapable of love? Or was it merely an idea planted by a psychiatrist in my teenage years with no basis in reality? I’ve never cared to challenge the notion, and suddenly, out of nowhere, I wonder if I should.

But that challenge could threaten to disrupt everything I know.

So I quickly abandon it, and move on with the setup. I explain that if I were in love with someone else, our parents would be delighted. More than delighted—my mother would have a fucking heart attack. Or she simply wouldn’t believe it. That is the more likely scenario.

At one point, Alayna narrows her eyes and asks, “So I’m supposed to be the floozy you’re in love with?”

This amuses me greatly. There is nothing common or lowly about the woman sitting across from me. “No one would ever mistake you as a floozy, Alayna. Even when you dress like one.” I was particularly naughty with that last line. It was an excuse to think of that corset one more time. Fuck, she was lovely in it.

She’s not quite so happy with my comment. “Why don’t you hire a real floozy to put on your charade?”

“My mother would never believe I’d fall for a floozy. You, however, have particular qualities—qualities that would make the story quite believable.”

“What sort of qualities?”

Her patience is wearing. Frankly, so is mine. I can’t skirt my desire for her any longer. I catch her up in my stare. “You are exquisitely beautiful, Alayna, and also extremely intelligent.”

“Oh.”

She’s stunned. As am I. Because in her eyes, I see the reflection of my own want and I yearn to explore it further. Yearn to explore her further. Carnal fantasies fight for playtime in my conscience. The things I could do to her…

Not yet. Soon.

I break the eye contact. “And you’re a brunette. All three make you ‘my type’ so to say.” I don’t date, but I do fuck. The women I fuck are beautiful. They are intelligent enough for me to make it through an evening in their company. And they are, by and large, brunette. I don’t know if I like them dark simply because of preference or if it’s got something to do with Celia being blonde. Whatever the answer, Alayna fits the bill.

She fits the bill so entirely that it’s all I want to think about.

But there are details to work through. I lay out the hook of the scheme. Payment.

As I suspect, she laughs at my offer to pay off her eighty thousand dollars in student loans in exchange for her participation in the scenario. She doesn’t realize that I’ve already paid it, and I’m sure if she knew, she’d be gone by now.

She isn’t gone, though. She’s still here listening intently to my every word, but Alayna isn’t buying my proposition. I feared it would take convincing, and it seems I was right. It doesn’t help that I’m distracted from my task. All I can think about is getting her beneath me.

But that’s not the point of this meeting, I remind myself. My goal tonight is to get her to agree to pretend to be my girlfriend. The salary should have been the selling point. It wasn’t, and I’m glad of that.

Still, she wants to know more. I’m glad of that as well.

“What exactly would you want me to do?” she asks. It’s beyond her better judgment. She can’t help herself.

I relax. My scheme hasn’t caught her interest yet, but I’m near done trying to entice her to play the game I’m asking her to play. “Pretend we’re a couple. I’d invite you to several gatherings where my mother would see us together. I’d expect you to hang on my arm and behave as though we’re madly in love.”

“And that’s all?”

“That’s all.” That’s not all I want, but it’s all I had planned to ask tonight. My plans are on the verge of changing.

It’s only because I’m studying her so closely that I notice her swallow.

“This pretend relationship—to what extent would I be expected to perform?”

I don’t know if I’m angry or turned on that she’s so nervous about the prospect of sleeping with me.

Turned on, I decide. The way her eyes dart up and down my body, the way her gaze keeps returning to my lips—I know she’s as attracted to me as I am to her. She simply doesn’t want to be considered a whore, and neither would I want that for her.

She’ll have to become more comfortable than that if she expects me to give her what she wants—what she needs. I can tolerate innocence but I won’t take ambiguity when it comes to a physical relationship. “Don’t pussyfoot about it. You’re asking about sex.”

It’s then that I make my decision once and for all. Though it isn’t supposed to be part of the arrangement, though it’s not what I meant for tonight, I have to have her and I can’t wait any longer for her to know. “I never pay for sex, Alayna. When I fuck you, it will be for free.”

Her eyes widen and unmistakably darken. She wriggles in her chair. I’ve revealed her weakness for me and she doesn’t know how to react. She’s helpless.

And I’m turned on as fuck at her discomfort.

“Maybe I should go,” she says.

“Do you want to?” I know she doesn’t. I’m inviting her to stay.

“I’m n-not sure. Yes. I think I should.” She stutters her response.

It’s sexy as hell. I want to hear her shaking and stuttering with my tongue in her cunt. I’m hard at the thought.

“Because you’re uncomfortable with my proposition?” I can’t stop myself—I have to make her squirm more. “Or because I told you that I’m going to fuck you?”

“I’m…yes. That.”

I tilt my head, intrigued. Is she playing hard to get or is she ignoring the chemistry between us? “But I‘m certain that’s not a surprise to you, Alayna. You feel the electricity between us. Your body language expresses it quite well. I wouldn’t be surprised to find you’re already wet.”

She blushes and I almost take her right here.

I flash a smile. “Don’t be embarrassed. Don’t you know I feel the same?” My cock grows harder and it’s my turn to shift in my seat. “If you were to carefully read my body, you’d see the evidence.”

Fuck my agenda for the evening. There’s no use talking about it anymore, the only thing that interests me now is her—her mouth, her breasts, her long taut legs. It’s my club and I could easily bend her over the table and drive into her, my balls slapping along the back of her thighs, her pussy clenching around me.

The only thing stopping me is that it’s also where she works. It wouldn’t be fair to her, so I must control myself.

But as uncomfortable as it promises to make me, I’m not ready to end this heated flirtation. So I don’t. “Let’s table my proposition to hire you for a moment and discuss this other thing further. Please understand that they are very separate from each other. I’d never want you to think my sexual desire for you was in any way part of a sham for my parents and their friends.”

“I’m—I don’t know how to react to someone stating they desire me.” She’s flustered. Surprised.

I’m at a loss. I frown. “Has no man told you that before?” Surely she knows how attractive she is. Her beauty goes beyond her physical looks—it’s her aura, her carriage, the way her eyes shine and the way her forehead creases with worry. She is a combination of strong and weak—like a beautiful vase that has been shattered and glued back together so perfectly that you can only see the cracks when looking very closely. She epitomizes the rising of the phoenix from the ashes. Many a man must have burned up in her presence.

She fumbles with her glass. “Not in so many words. Actions sometimes. Certainly not so bluntly.”

I almost curse at her admission. “That’s a shame.” How has no one recognized the preciousness of the gem before me? She doesn’t recognize it in herself, even. It’s disappointing. Heartbreaking, if I were the type who had a heart.

Without meaning to, I find myself reaching across the table for her hand. I stroke my thumb across her unbearably soft skin. “I plan to tell you every chance I get.”

Now where the hell did that come from? But no sooner are the words out of my mouth than I know they’re true. I’m breaking all my rules with this woman, acting outside my very nature. Maybe other men have survived her flames, but I fear I’m already burning.

She pulls her hand away. “Oh.”

I see the wheels turning in her head. She’s retreating. Fast. “I, uh, I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed. I need to go. You’ve given me a lot to think about.”

She stands and I do too. I don’t want her to leave. My pulse speeds up and there’s sweat on my brow. Is this panic? It’s an unfamiliar sensation, and I feel like I’m spiraling out of control.

I practically plead to Alayna to stay. “I wish you wouldn’t. But if you must…”

She won’t meet my eyes. “I’ve got to get to work.”

She heads for the door, and I follow. Just as she places her hand on the knob, I press my palm on the top, preventing her from opening it. This is not in my script. This is not on my agenda. All I know is that I cannot let her leave.

I lower my head to her ear and it takes all I have not to nibble on her lobe. “Wait, Alayna.” My cock stiffens as I breathe her in. Her scent is shampoo and bodywash and sweet musk—none of those flowery perfumes cover up her natural aroma.

Without premeditation, I speak, letting the words flow naturally. “I apologize for overwhelming you. That wasn’t my intent. But I want you to know that whether or not you decide to help with my situation, I will continue to seduce you. I’m a man who gets what he wants. And I want you.”

Then I can’t help myself anymore—I do nibble on her ear. She gasps and leans her head to the side. With her neck exposed, I am a kid in a candy store. I nip and lick along her neck. She grabs my arm and that’s my invitation to wrap my other arm around her. I palm her breast. She leans into my hand, and I feel her nipple pebble through her dress. All I can think about is sucking on it, pulling it with my teeth.

I squeeze her tit and nuzzle my face into her hair. “I should have told you earlier—you look absolutely beautiful tonight. I can’t keep my eyes off you. Serious and sexy wrapped into one package.” This isn’t the most appropriate place for this, but I can’t fucking stand to wait another minute longer. “Kiss me, Alayna.”

Slowly, she turns her head toward me. I’m there to meet her. I take her mouth with mine, sliding my tongue in to tangle with hers. Her lips are soft and silky, but she meets my greedy ardor with equal fervor. I’m demanding, needing her to understand that this is how it will be with me—I will take the lead, I will dominate. Even when I’m as out-of-control as I am at the moment, I will guide us through the physical.

And her taste…

It’s incredible. It’s addictive. It’s delicious.

I want to taste her everywhere. Want to trail my tongue along her navel. Want to suck on her clit. Want to lick the slit of her cunt.

We shift together, turning until our bodies are lined up. I grab her ass, drawing her closer, and she wraps her hands around my neck. God, I want her. I want her like I’ve never wanted anyone. I know I can’t take her here, and yet I’m not sure I can stop. Especially when she starts grinding her hips against my cock. She’s the matador waving the red flag, and I’m the bull about to charge.

But nothing about this is right. The location, the timing…most of all, the circumstances. This night is about the game. I don’t want the taint of that overshadowing the glory of being buried inside her. Celia does not get an invitation into our bed.

Thoughts of Celia make it easier to push Alayna away. I keep my hands on her shoulders, though, keeping her at a distance. It would take only the brush of her body against mine and I’d change my mind about fucking her right now. We pant in unison as we recover our breathing, my eyes never leaving hers.

I see it when the disappointment and concern settle in. Wanting to ease her, I brush a hand down her cheek. “Not here, precious. Not like this.” I wrap my other hand around her neck and press my forehead to hers. “I will have you beneath me. In a bed. Where I can adore you properly.” This promise is the only thing keeping me gentlemanly. I won’t have her tonight. But I will have her.

I trail my hand down to her bra where I know she keeps her phone. I feast on the curve of her breast as I remove her cell. I swipe her screen and call my own phone. I hang up as soon as it rings. I already have her number, of course, but I want her to see that I’ve gotten it legitimately. “Now we have each other’s numbers. I expect you to use it.”

I replace her phone inside her bra, my eyes lingering once more on the swell of her cleavage. My dick is so hard it hurts. It’s a risk kissing her again, so I simply brush my lips across hers. “Call me when you’re ready.” Except I’m afraid she won’t be ready as soon as I’d like, so I add, “Tomorrow.”

I kiss her chastely and rush out. I will definitely need a turn with my hand tonight. Even two turns may not be enough to relieve me.





Chapter Eight





BEFORE





I drove myself to the Brookes’ party. Usually if there was a chance I might get drunk, I would have relied instead on a driver. But I needed full control that night—that required no drinking and an easy escape route. After the shaky ending to the previous evening, I’d decided it was time to wrap the Celia experiment up for good. I’d made it clear there would be no us until she broke up with her boyfriend. If she didn’t offer to end things with him at this point, then I’d have to change my conclusion. Maybe her silly attachment was stronger than I thought. Maybe I was wrong.

But I doubted that.

I arrived after the sun had set and the party was in full swing. I wanted Celia waiting for me by the time I showed up. Part of me was surprised that she hadn’t tried to call me to make sure I was still coming. Though, with the way she’d left things the night before, I bet that she was giving me space. I also bet it was killing her.

I parked my car far from the house so I’d be sure to not be blocked in. As I walked up the long drive, I noted that Celia’s car wasn’t there. It didn’t mean anything. She could have been driven. She likely figured I’d give her a ride home. That wasn’t in my plans.

I halted for a moment at the front walk. What exactly were my plans? If Celia decided she was breaking up with Dirk, I’d have to tell her it was all a misunderstanding, of course. But after that, when she was crying and quite possibly mad as hell—what then? I was consumed with wanting to know her full reaction. In my dream ending, she’d make a public display and I’d be a front row spectator. This was the most fascinating part of the entire study, after all. Emotions. How they weakened the strong. How they deluded the intelligent. How they transformed a person into someone unrecognizable. I had an advantage with Celia that I hadn’t had with many of my previous studies—I knew people in her life well enough to be privy to the aftermath. I’d hear from my mother how quickly she recovered, whether or not Celia decided to get back with Dirk. I’d probably be on Sophia’s shit list for it, but that would be an improvement from being not on her list at all.

But wait. I was getting ahead of myself. Celia hadn’t even broken up with her boyfriend yet. No need to worry about the after when I was still in the before.

Inside the house, I grabbed a beer and found a group of acquaintances to sit with. Though I didn’t plan to drink much of it, I needed the bottle in hand as a prop. It made me seem casual, relaxed. The less desperate I appeared to Celia, the better. When she found me and realized I’d had no urgency to find her, I suspected it would raise her own desperation. She’d invite me to talk. I’d shrug and go along. My aloof demeanor would force her to play her best hand.

It was only a guess. But it was calculated and I had a good deal of faith in it.

When nearly an hour went by, and I’d seen no sign of The Subject, I began to wonder if I’d overestimated my holdings. Had she decided not to come? Looking for her was out of the question. Inquiring about her would also give up some of my leverage. But if I were careful about the way I asked…

I hooked eyes with Christina across the room. She’d been trying to get my attention for the last fifteen minutes, and I’d pretended not to notice. But damn, I noticed. She was wearing a short skirt that rode her hips and a halter top so high that miles of skin showed in between. She oozed sex. Her fuck-me lips were painted with a light gloss that made them look like they’d just been licked. She was a distraction—a distraction that I didn’t need.

But if anyone knew of Celia’s whereabouts, it was her.

I played the staring game with her, exchanging lewd glances until she beckoned me over. I pretended to consider it. Then I made my way through the swarm of bodies toward her, hoping that the stiffy I was sporting wouldn’t be witnessed by Celia. Maybe, if I worked the situation right, Christina could be my reward for concluding my experiment. Too consumed with my plans to think about my cock, it had been weeks since I’d gotten laid. Too long. I needed to be buried in pussy soon. And Christina Brooke was in possession of a more than acceptable pussy.

She leaned against the dining room archway as I approached, her eyes pinned on me. “Hudson Pierce.” She said my name with a slow seductive smile. “It took you long enough.”

I feigned innocence. “To get to the party?”

“To come looking for me.” She wet her lips and my gaze immediately rushed to her tongue as it flicked along its path.

Damn, she was going to make it difficult to keep focused, but I tried all the same. “I didn’t come looking for you. You summoned me.”

“That I did.” Her gaze flickered to my lips and back to my eyes. “And you came.”

“No, I didn’t. Not yet.” Flirting was easy with Christina Brooke. I’d have fucked her in high school if it weren’t for the fact she’d had a steady boyfriend. The boyfriend hadn’t been a problem for me, but Christina had been loyal. She’d also been innocent then. The way her demeanor had loosened up since the summer before, I had to think college had stripped her of her naiveté.

And then all I could think about was stripping Christina of other things.

“Oh, such a naughty boy.” Her grin was as wicked as my thoughts. “I sure hope that you haven’t already chosen your target for when you do.”

“And why is that?”

“Because I’d like to volunteer.”

I stifled a laugh but kept my face straight. “That’s funny that you think you’d have any choice in the matter.” I placed a hand on the wall above her head and leaned in. “I mean, if you’re my target, I’d hit it, whether invited to or not.”

Her intake of breath was audible. “Damn. You just soaked my panties.”

I glanced down at her tight skirt, imagining what sort of panties she was wearing underneath. Then imagining beneath the panties. “Maybe you shouldn’t be wearing any.”

“That could be arranged.”

The banter was more than fun. It was getting me hot and making me forget my real purpose for approaching her. I dropped my hand from the wall and took a sip from the beer I was nursing, forcing my mind to switch gears. “Why are you alone anyway, Christina? I expected to see Celia hanging at your side.”

She gave a bored shrug. “She was here earlier.”

“She already left?” Shit. I’d been too cocky to think that she’d wait.

“She might be back later. She said she needed some recovery time.” Christina swept her hair off her shoulder.

I raised a brow. What did she need to recover from? My nerves stood on end, concerned that I’d misstepped somewhere along the way. Self-centered thinking, maybe, but it didn’t end my worry.

Christina answered my questioning expression. “She broke up with her boyfriend today.”

My heart pounded in my ears. Celia had broken up with Dirk. It couldn’t be that easy, could it? I’d been prepared for a confrontation. I’d been prepared to put on a good show of longing. The news was almost anti-climactic, but still very satisfying.

“Are you sure they really broke up?” I took another tug of my beer to hide my glee. That swallow finished off the drink.

“Yeah, I’m sure. She was here when he called.” Christina took the bottle from my hand and set it on the buffet behind her. She waited until she was facing me again before she continued. “I don’t think she was planning to dump him, exactly, but one minute she was saying hello and the next she was saying she was sorry it was over. Yeah, I eavesdropped, but she didn’t leave the room, so I figured fair game.”

“Damn.” As if I’d judge her for eavesdropping. I could kiss her for it. And I would kiss her—very soon. A victory kiss followed by a victory plunge.

But first, there were too many unknowns. Celia and Dirk may have had a fight that had nothing to do with me. I needed more information before I could truly celebrate success. And I needed my source to give it to me without noticing I was prying.

With my hands free of the bottle, I moved into Christina, pressing her further into the wall. My dick hardened at the full body contact. “Why did Celia do that? I thought she was really into her boyfriend.”

Christina chortled. “You did not. You thought she was into you.” So I had no need to cloak my interest after all. “And she is. She dumped him because of you.” She ground her pelvis against mine.

A surge of triumph washed through me. My pulse quickened both from the excitement of my achievement and from the knowledge that I was about to fuck and fuck hard. It was almost painful to draw out the celebration, but I also knew the pleasure of delayed gratification.

Christina traced a finger along my jaw. “Obviously, you don’t return the feeling.”

“And she thinks of you as a close friend, Christina. Obviously, you don’t return that feeling.” God, what despicable people we were. We deserved each other. At least for the night.

“Au contraire. I love her like a sister.” She trailed her hands up the sides of my fitted shirt, sending sparks of electricity thrumming through my veins. “But she is not Hudson Pierce material. She could never handle you.”

“And you think you can?” It was my turn to smirk. As if anyone could handle me. I was the one who handled people. Just like I was handling Christina Brooke. She may have thought she’d seduced me from across the room, but it was I who was in control. And when I took her, it would be on my terms.

But allowing her to believe she had the power was half the fun.

“I know I can.” Her chin jutted forward in a challenge. Or she was hinting that she wanted to be kissed—probably a combination of both.

“Interesting.”

“Is it really? Because I’ll tell you what I think would be interesting.” She grabbed me through my pants, and I grew stiffer in her hand. If she kept that up, I’d come right there.

That wasn’t happening. I needed to get inside her. I needed to be balls deep. I needed to pound out the strange mixture of victory and self-loathing that was currently messing with my head. Waiting was done. It was time to act out my desires.

I leaned in to Christina’s ear. “Unless it starts with my tongue in your mouth and ends with my cock in your cunt, I don’t want to hear it.”

Her eyes dilated as she peeked up at me under her long lashes. “Let’s go to my bedroom, shall we?”

It didn’t have to be a bedroom. It didn’t even have to be private. “I’ll give you two minutes and wherever we are in that time, that’s where you’re getting fucked.”

She led me upstairs and to her room within her time limit. But just barely. As soon as the door was shut behind us, I was on her. My mouth mashed against hers in a bruising, erotic kiss. I plunged my tongue between her lips, immediately establishing my dominance. This would not be playful sex. This would not be sweet sex. This would be rough sex. This would be sex on my terms.

I broke the kiss long enough to pull her tank over her head. My hands palmed her breasts as I resumed my power over her mouth. She moaned as I bit at her lips. She sighed as I squeezed her tits. She yelped as I pinched her nipples. She loved it—every single minute of it.

I’d lost my virginity before I was sixteen, and in the three plus years that I’d engaged in sexual activity, I’d been broad in my exploration of technique and style. There were times that I fully enjoyed the idea of turning a woman on. It was a turn-on for me—not because I cared so much if my partner experienced pleasure but because it was a chance for me to exude my power. Like any of my experiments, I craved the dissection of cause and effect. I reveled in guessing what effect my actions would have on each of my lovers.

I knew how Christina would want it from her initial reactions to my dirty talk. She wanted me dominant and controlling. Fortunately, that was exactly the way I wanted to get off that night.

Without untangling my tongue from hers, I pushed her back to the bed. She started to sit, pulling me down with her, but she was not in charge of this experience. I was. I pulled away, exerting my domination and urged her to stand again. I turned her so her back was to me and nudged her down on the bed so that her ass was in the air in front of me. I placed my hands at the top of her thighs and caressed up to her ass, pushing her skirt up to her waist as I did. Her behind was round, plump, perfect for kneading. Perfect for biting.

Brushing the thin material of her thong aside, I swept my tongue across her cleft and then clamped my teeth into the flesh of her ass. She howled and my cock leapt. I danced my finger over her hole and found her wet and ready. Thank God I didn’t have to put much effort into prepping her. I was eager to be inside.

I pushed her panties down to her knees. “Spread your legs,” I commanded as I undid my zipper and pulled my jeans down just far enough to release my pulsing cock. Then, without warning, I shoved into her, filling her deeply with my first stroke. Shit, she was tight, and I realized she hadn’t been as ready as I’d imagined. That was fine. She felt goddamn amazing—snug and clamped down around me.

Gripping her hips, I began to plough at a steady pace, my jeans falling further down my thighs. I watched my cock as it thrust in and pulled out. It turned me on more. This was my favorite position—going from behind. It was the most erotic view and decidedly less intimate than face-to-face. Plus, it just felt good.

“Please tell me you’re on birth control.” I’d been reckless to not put on a condom, but frankly, I was feeling invincible. The triumph of Celia’s break-up, the way my plan had played out just as I’d planned, that I was fucking the girl of my choice in the way that I wanted—it was a powerful moment for me. I exhilarated in it.

“Yes. The pill.” Her voice trembled and I slammed into her harder, faster, the sound of my balls slapping against her skin the sensual underscore of our intercourse.

“Of course you are. Because you’re a dirty little slut, aren’t you? You have to take precautions because you never know when you’ll let yourself be fucked. Whenever you get the opportunity.” I didn’t always go for the demeaning sex talk, but it was a nice touch when the girl was into it.

Christina’s channel tightened around my cock. She was definitely into it.

“Say it,” I demanded. “Tell me you’re a dirty slut. Tell me you love to be fucked.”

“I’m a dirty slut. I love to be fucked.” She groaned it as much as spoke it, and immediately she grew wetter.

“Yes, you do love it.” I let go of her hips and leaned over her body so I could be near her ear. “Now, Christina, you need to get ready to come. Because I’m coming soon and I’m not waiting for you. You’re so good at being fucked, though, I don’t think it will be a problem.” I reached under her to rub her clit as I spoke. I wanted her squeezing my dick with her orgasm.

Whether it was my words or my rubbing, Christina complied, quickly erupting around me with a scream.

There, that was what I needed. I followed with a long, low grunt. My fingers returned to her hips, digging into her skin as I throbbed and pounded out the last of my climax.

I was still inside her when the bedroom door flew open.

Automatically, my face turned to see who our audience was. My eyes connected with familiar blues—Celia.

Could my night get any better? I’d thought the whole plan had ended perfectly before, but this was the real icing on the cake. Now, in this moment, Celia would realize that I didn’t actually feel the emotions that I’d led her to believe I’d felt. I’d thought I’d have to have a conversation about it. But, oh, do actions speak louder than words.

Celia froze in her spot. Her eyes darted from me to Christina and back to me. It all seemed to take minutes, but in reality, only a few quick seconds passed before her hands flew to cover her eyes. “Oh, my God.”

It was only then that Christina noticed our intruder. “Fuck! Celia.” She moved to get out from under me, but I held her in place.

“I’m sorry.” Celia’s voice cracked. “I’ve made a terrible mistake.”

She spun and headed out the way she’d come in.

I could have gone another round—I was hard again from Celia’s interruption—and the last thing my cock wanted to do was withdraw from its warm cocoon. But I was desperate to draw more reaction from Celia. This was the final stage of the experiment—the recording of results. I had to know what she was thinking, what she was feeling. What she thought she was feeling.

Without cleaning up, I stuffed myself in my pants and gave directions to Christina. “Take off your skirt and panties and wait for me here. Next time I won’t be so gentle.”

She scrambled to obey as I left her. My cock throbbed, yelling at me to stay. My heart, on the other hand, beat wildly at the thrilling outcome of my experiment. The adrenaline and an ability to guess where Celia would go—to her car—allowed me to make up for the distance she’d put between us, though I didn’t spot her until I was outside.

“Celia, wait,” I called across the front lawn. I tried to sound urgent and panicked. I feared I sounded delighted.

She didn’t turn to me but acknowledged me with her middle finger. “Fuck you, Hudson.”

“Come on, wait.” I ran to catch up. When I was close enough, I reached for her arm.

She snapped out of my grasp then spun around to face me. “What? What do you want from me?” Tears fell in torrents down her cheeks. Her voice was surprisingly steady considering. The look though, was off-putting. Her obvious heartache tugged at something in my gut, something I had no familiarity with.

I ran a hand through my hair, a bit thrown. A breath later, I managed to say something. “We were going to talk. I came here tonight to talk.”

She laughed, her expression in complete contradiction to the flowing stream from her eyes. “That’s fucking hilarious. You came here to talk to me and what? You couldn’t find me so you talked to Christina instead?”

This was excellent. Her emotion was pure, raw. It intoxicated me in a way that very little else could. I wanted to bottle it, inhale it, take it in and process her feelings in depth. Since none of that was possible, I wanted to draw out as much as I could before she walked away.

I stepped toward her. She stepped back.

“What is it that I did wrong, Celia?” My voice was steady and controlled, in stark opposition to hers. “You act as though I owe you something. What exactly do you think is going on between us?”

A sob escaped her lips and she wiped at her tears with her hand. “I told you I loved you, Hudson. You kissed me.”

Another step toward her. “You kissed me.”

“And you insinuated that the only reason you stopped was because I had a boyfriend.”

Ah, her side. The details of my cruel setup cited back to me like a melody I’d orchestrated but was only now hearing. It was beautiful.

I looked at my feet, hiding the corners of a smile. “No. No, Ceeley.” I lifted my eyes to hers. “I’m truly sorry if you got the wrong impression. I was simply reminding you not to throw away your relationship with Dirk simply because you remembered how you once felt for me.”

“How I felt for…?” Her eyes flared with incredulity. “That is not what happened. You were feeling things for me too.”

“No. I wasn’t.” Here was the highlight of my act. My joy in performing it was a testament to my sadistic nature. I softened my expression. “I mean, I care for you. A great deal. I always have, I always will. I know that’s probably hard to hear, but that’s all I’ve ever felt regarding you.”

I was good. I knew it. I felt it.

Except Celia didn’t break the way I’d expected. In fact, her tears slowed and her brows furrowed in confusion. “What…what are you doing, Hudson?”

The way she looked at me, the way her gaze pierced through me—did she know? Had she figured out it was all an act? There was no way she could know. Who would guess that?

I paused too long before answering. “I’m trying to straighten out this misunderstanding.”

She studied me. “No, you’re not. You’re running away.” Her shoulders, which had sagged only a moment before, squared with renewed strength. She was the one who took a step toward me this time.

I was the one who stepped back.

“You’re convinced that you shouldn’t be allowed to feel anything or that having emotions will make you weak or something equally as ridiculous, and so you’re pushing me away.”

My calm was unraveling. Her words—they stung. They bit at me. They burned. And like the dragon who was angered by the meager attempts of humans to draw it down, I grew furious.

She took advantage of my setback. “Stop pushing me away,” she pled.

The softness of her appeal, the sweetness in her eyes, the sincerity of her posture—it stirred me. There she was assuming things about me again. She wanted to see me feel? Well, I was feeling a whole shitstorm of rage. “You don’t have a fucking clue what you’re talking about,” I hissed.

Her attack—because I refused to call it anything else—didn’t waver. “Stop this, Hudson. Stop lying to me. Stop lying to yourself. This isn’t who you are.”

Fury spread through me so thick that it propelled me forward until I was in her face. “This is who I am, Celia. Don’t you dare think you know something different. What you see is what you get.”

“You’re a fucking coward.” Her voice caught and I savored the victory. To her credit, she didn’t back away. “This was your chance to be a man, Hudson. I could have even forgiven your thing with Christina if you could just be honest now.”

“You could forgive me?” My eyes widened in mock exclamation. “Well, hell. How will I ever go on without your pardon?” My voice was uncharacteristically loud. I didn’t care. Venom was spewing from me whether I wanted it to or not—and I wanted it to. It was no longer about an experiment of emotion. I wanted to hurt Celia. She was the very example of how love weakened a person. She was pathetic. I loathed her.

I loathed myself for contributing to this creation.

“Scratch coward. I meant to say asshole.” She was too kind to me.

I stepped back from her, not in retreat, but in disgust. I was consumed with it—the emotion wrapping around my insides like a cobra. “Jesus, you’re really a piece of work, Celia Werner. What did you think was going to happen between us? You thought I was going to love you? You thought we were going to ride off into the sunset together? You’re the one who needs to stop lying to yourself. That’s a fairy tale, Ceeley, and I stopped believing in those a long time ago. It’s time you grew up too.”

I was done with her. Done with all of it. I left her there, crying on the edge of the driveway. I didn’t turn back once.

The next two hours I spent alleviating my temper in carnal ways with Christina. I fucked her hard and long and unrelentingly until she was raw and I was numb inside and out. A quick shot of whiskey before I left the Brookes’ kept the numbness clinging to me until I pulled into the driveway at Mabel Shores. I closed my eyes and rested my head for a moment on the steering wheel of my BMW Z4, a high school graduation present from my parents. I felt…tired. Exhausted. Drained. I certainly had notes to add to my log. My findings had been satisfactory, though not as precise as I would have wished. A part of me wanted to study further in this vein—would another subject react as Celia did, turning on me? Or was it her close relationship with me that produced the results I’d seen?

A bigger part of me never wanted to experiment with a subject so close to me again. It was too unreliable of a study. From then on, I promised myself, my research would be conducted further from home.

I’d been too distracted to notice Celia’s car until I’d gotten out of my own. It was parked at the other end of the circle drive. Its appearance was ominous—I didn’t like what it could possibly mean. I walked over to make sure she wasn’t waiting inside. She wasn’t. So I headed inside the house. The front door was locked, which meant if Celia was inside, she’d been let in before the house had been shut up for the night.

I intended to search for her but halted when I discovered Mirabelle curled in a ball reading on the main staircase. “Why are you still awake?”

“What’s it to you?” She must have sensed that I was in no mood for her attitude because she quickly amended. “It’s summer. I don’t have a curfew. Or a nanny anymore, it appears.”

Right. Erin was fired. Mother must have won that battle.

If we had parents that gave a damn, Mirabelle would have a curfew whether it was summer or not. “As long as you’re up—” Might as well use her for information. “What’s Celia’s car doing here?”

My sister shrugged her slight shoulders. “She came by. I told her you weren’t home and she said she’d wait for you on the patio. That was, like, two hours ago. She probably fell asleep out there.”

“Fuck,” I mumbled under my breath. I wasn’t in the mood to deal any more with Celia that night. But it would be even worse to have to explain her sleeping on a deck chair in the morning.

I nodded up the stairs. “Get to bed, Mirabelle.”

“I don’t—”

“Get to bed.”

“Fine.” She stomped up the stairs muttering something about “never having any fun.” I waited until she was out of sight before checking on Celia. Last thing I needed was Mirabelle as a witness to whatever was going to happen next.

The patio outside was empty, so I walked down to the pool to see if Celia had ended up there. She wasn’t there either. I was about to head down to the beach when I noticed the lights on in the guest house. My father had stayed there after the party the night before, and that morning my mother had his things moved as well. Maybe Celia had wandered over looking for me.

I’d only taken two steps toward the house when the door opened. Celia walked out then my father appeared in the doorway behind her. From where I was, and in the dark, I couldn’t be sure, but it seemed he wasn’t wearing anything but swim trunks or boxer briefs. He held his hand out and he must have said something because Celia turned back to him. She took his hand. He pulled her to him. And they kissed. It wasn’t a long kiss, but I knew that kind of kiss. It wasn’t a first kiss—it was a thanks-for-the-fuck kind of kiss.

My stomach churned, and I looked away. I stepped back into the darkness both to remain unseen and to be off the pathway in case I puked—I’d rather do that on the lawn.

At some point, their kiss must have ended, because when I glanced back, the door was closed and Celia was halfway up the walk. She slowed the tiniest bit when she saw me, but she didn’t stop. As she passed, I saw her more clearly—her lips were swollen, her hair and clothes a mess. We didn’t speak a word to each other, but a conversation transpired nonetheless. With my eyes, I told her I knew. With her eyes, she told me we were even.

With our silence, we said that it was done now. We were done now.

It was a shared understanding. Soon she was gone and a few minutes later, I heard her car starting up in the driveway.

Then I walked down to the guest house. Celia and I might be done, but my father and I were not. He’d done a lot of fucked up shit before, but this I couldn’t stand by without giving him my take on the situation. This was too low. Fucking his wife’s best friend’s daughter not one hundred feet away from where his wife slept? No wonder I had no sense of ethics.

The light inside the guest house was out now, but I knocked on the door lightly—light enough that he might assume it was Celia again and not his full-grown son. It didn’t take long before he answered the door, and when he did, I was ready. I punched him in the face. Hard.

I left him cursing and holding his cheek. He didn’t need any explanation for my behavior. He might have been an asshole, but he wasn’t an idiot.

The night hadn’t gone exactly as I’d planned. But I’d finished my experiment. I’d ended the drama with Celia. I’d learned more about how the idea of love affected human behavior. I’d even gotten laid.

If it had been such a fulfilling evening, why did I feel so fucking empty?

With my head throbbing and my chest heavy, sleep took its time to arrive. When it finally did, I dreamed I was in a fire, that flames licked at me, scorching me, robbing me of oxygen, destroying me. I woke in a sweat. Fucking nightmare. It held no truth in it.

In reality, I wasn’t on fire. I was the fire.





Chapter Nine





AFTER





It’s been two days since I first kissed Alayna. Yesterday, she came by my office and accepted my proposal. I was surprised, to say the least, as I’d thought I’d need more time to work on her. I was glad though, because I could then concentrate on the aspects of our relationship that interested me more.

After our arrangement was settled, I took her upstairs to the loft and made her come with my fingers and my tongue. The experience was unlike any other I’d had with a woman. While it wasn’t the first time that I’d given pleasure with no expectation for the return, it was the first time it hadn’t been about me. Usually, my focus is on my own skills. I’m studying, investigating. Watching and mentally recording how my actions cause the woman I’m with to respond. I love to try and find the trigger points. Love to discover how to make her come. It’s intriguing. It’s fascinating. It’s also very self-centered.

With Alayna, however, my thoughts were not on myself at all except in the sense of how could I make it better for her. From her first moan, I became her slave. Everything I did after that was for her—for her pleasure, for her release, for her satisfaction. My entire being disappeared in the singular purpose of making her feel good. Though the episode ended with my cock rock hard and uncomfortable in my pants, it was the most fantastic sexual experience I’d ever had.

We made plans to meet this evening. I can’t stop thinking about being inside her cunt. I’m so preoccupied by it that I’ve only half-heartedly addressed many of my other obligations—including Celia. I haven’t spoken to her in days and she’s eager for news. Not wanting that to disrupt my night, I figure I better speak with her before Alayna arrives.

Shortly after three, I walk out of my office, briefcase in hand, and ask my secretary to clear the rest of my afternoon. Then I come up to the loft through the main elevator so that even she doesn’t know I’m still in the building. It reduces my chances of being disturbed.

Once in the loft, I make the call I’ve been dreading.

“It’s about fucking time,” Celia says in place of a greeting.

“Since when have frequent check-ins been a requirement?” I look longingly at my bar, but I’d prefer to have all my senses about me when Alayna arrives later.

“They’re not a requirement. They’re a courtesy.” She’s calmer, though. “Right now, I don’t even know if this is a go or not.”

“It’s a go.” I massage the bridge of my nose and a bitter taste gathers in my mouth. It’s guilt that I’m feeling. While there are few emotions that I’m familiar with, guilt is one I know full-well. It’s the monkey on my back. I carry it everywhere.

“Good.” The satisfaction in her voice carries through the phone. “Then our first outing is this Sunday at your mother’s charity event?”

“It is.” I won’t tell Celia I’m seeing Alayna before then. Nor will I tell her the nature of our time spent together for no other reason except that it’s none of her business. I actually believe that Celia would approve—the more time I spend with Alayna, after all, the more likely she is to become attached. That is the risk I’m taking with my soon-to-be lover, but I have faith in Alayna.

Besides, I can’t help myself.

Though not necessary, Celia and I have previously agreed that she will be present at the major events of our scam. I suspect she’ll try to push her way in for more, and that I will not allow. “Is that all you need, Celia?”

“No. I’d like to hear the details.”

I shake my head even though she can’t see me. “I’m not sharing details. Not today and not in the future. I’m not checking in with you. You will not call me regarding the situation.” I sense she’s about to interrupt me, but I speak over her. “I’ve arranged things as you’ve requested, Celia. And I’ll follow through, though I realize I have no reason at this point to do so.”

“Because you own the club now? Hudson, you know as well as I do that I would find another way to follow through with my experiment.” The click of her heels on the floor suggests she’s pacing as she talks. “I’m invested in this project now. I won’t let it go. It has such great potential. Frankly, I’m disappointed that you aren’t as intrigued as I am by the emotional psyche of Alayna Withers.”

I am as intrigued as Celia. More, I think, but I won’t give her the satisfaction of confirming that.

So I divert. “I don’t believe you’re going to see the results you believe you are.” Especially after spending time with Alayna. Every minute in her presence I’m more convinced that she’s stronger than she looks.

Celia chuckles. “We have different hypotheses. That only intrigues me more. You know that.”

I do know that. I also understand it. A memory flashes into my mind—a similar situation, a similar conversation. The subject was a woman who worked for one of Celia’s design accounts. Her fiancé had flirted with Celia, rather innocently, at a company party. It was enough to interest Celia in a game. We devised a scheme where I told the subject that her betrothed had been unfaithful. It was my theory that the subject would forgive the indiscretion. Celia believed otherwise.

The scam had very little interest to me except for the difference in our theories. We fabricated proof that I presented to the woman. It was believable. In the end, the subject did forgive her fiancé.

But she also let me fuck her against the wall of the ladies bathroom.

She either didn’t much value fidelity or it was a revenge fuck. Either way, I was pleased—my hypothesis had been correct. Celia’s had been wrong.

Letting Celia know I differ in opinion about the predicted conclusion has only increased her invested interest in the experiment with Alayna Withers. It was a mistake, I realize now. I’m usually not so sloppy. Is it because I’ve been so long out of the game? Or is it Alayna that throws me?

I really have no idea.

A beep in my ear indicates a text has come through on my Blackberry. “Celia, I have a matter I need to take care of.” Whatever the message is, at least it’s an excuse to get off the phone. “I’ll see you Sunday at the event.”

I don’t wait for her goodbye before ending the call. Then I check my texts. The message is from Jordan, who is now officially driving Alayna rather than simply tailing her. He’s just picked her up and is bringing her to my building now. Bringing her to me.

I prepare for her the best I can, brushing my teeth and removing my suit jacket. Inside, I’m a ball of nervous energy. I don’t remember the last time that I looked forward to sex with this much eagerness. College, maybe? High school?

No, I don’t think I’ve ever been this anxious. That realization stops me in my tracks. Not wanting the situation to get out of hand—or to scare Alayna off—I decide that I’ll go slow. When she arrives, I’ll keep my contact to a minimum until we both have a chance to settle in. I’ll order dinner first. We’ll take our time moving to the bedroom.

I pace the floor by the front door in anticipation of Alayna’s arrival. Minutes before I expect her, my phone rings. It’s business—Roger Kingsley, a board member at Plexis. He wouldn’t be calling on a Friday afternoon if it weren’t important. “Roger,” I bark as I answer. “What’s going on?”

Roger proceeds to apprise me of the situation emerging at Plexis. Profits have been down, and some of the other board members are interested in selling. A sale would result in the dismantling of the company. A lot of jobs would be lost.

“The board is seriously considering this latest offer,” he tells me.

“Fuck,” I mutter under my breath. I loosen my tie and unbutton the top of my shirt, attempting to relieve the stifling feeling that’s overcome me. This news upsets me. One of the few things I care about is my corporation. I do not want my employees screwed like this.

“It’s not going to get better, Pierce,” Roger says. “I know you’re coming on Monday, but Grant and some of the others are planning to take a vote over the weekend.”

I’m about to deliver another string of curse words when I hear her knock.

She’s here.

I open the door and there she is—gorgeous and flushed. Her outfit is on the modest side compared to the other things I’ve seen her in, though her striped shorts could be a little longer. Her legs are lean and toned, and I’m already imagining them wrapped around me.

Suddenly I don’t give a damn about Plexis. I only care about her.

Somehow I pick up on my cue to speak in the phone conversation. “Roger, I don’t want to hear that we lost this company because my staff wasn’t able to foresee the possibility of separation.” I hold the receiver away from my mouth. “Come in,” I whisper to Alayna.

She enters, and I shut the door behind her. I turn to look at her. She’s devouring me with her eyes and it sparks my own want. The energy that passes between us is thick and palpable. Jesus, I thought I was excited before. Now, I’m desperate for her.

Roger’s in mid-sentence, but I’m done with this call. “Take care of it, Roger. I expect this to be resolved before I arrive on Monday.”

I toss my phone on the table, my eyes still pinned to Alayna’s. Silence blankets us. It’s not uncomfortable, necessarily, but it’s heavy.

“Hi,” she whispers. She can’t take the anticipation. She’s nervous. And adorable. And sexy as all fuck.

I can’t help but smile.

Then she’s in my arms, her mouth crashing against mine. For the barest fraction of a moment, I remember my plan to go slow. And I quickly abandon it. She tastes too good, her tongue licking into my mouth, swiping across my teeth. She’s as desperate as I am, and I’m determined to meet her needs.

I’m also determined to touch her. My hands find their way under her shirt, and soon I’m caressing her breasts. They’re firm and perfect. Her nipples are already pebbles under her bra. I need her undressed so I can touch them and suck them. I need her underneath me.

But then that strange desire returns, the one from yesterday. The one where I want to make her feel good more than I want to find pleasure for myself. It’s so intense that I forget the aching need surging through my veins.

I force myself to push her away. “Jesus, Alayna. I want you so bad, I’m not behaving.”

“Hudson.” Her voice is breathy and full of want. She steps toward me. “If this is misbehaving, please don’t stop.” She slides my shirt off my shoulders—damn, I hadn’t even noticed she’d worked open the buttons—then leans forward and licks my chest.

Involuntarily, I groan. “At least let me take you to a bed. If you keep this up, I’m going to fuck you against the door.” Now I’m thinking about fucking her against the door. Which would be goddamn hot as hell, but so not what she deserves.

“That doesn’t sound like the worst thing in the world,” she murmurs as I lead her to my bedroom.

I put door-fucking on my mental to-do list. “No, it doesn’t.” At the bed, I pull her into my arms and bury my face in her neck. “But I won’t be able to savor you properly and I’ll forever regret it.”

And I want to savor her. I want to make her feel good. I know she’s never been pleased the way I’ll please her. Not because I think I’m a better lover than she’s had—though that’s probably true—but because I won’t let it be any other way.

Now, I need her breasts in my mouth.

I pull her shirt off, my eyes widening at how fuck-hot she looks in her black lace underwear. But I want her naked. I unclasp her bra and toss it to the ground. Alayna pushes toward me, seemingly wanting to hide. I can’t have that. I have to feast on her with my eyes. I hold her so I can see her.

God, she’s perfect.

“I imagined you’d have beautiful breasts, Alayna. But I had no idea…” I can’t even speak. My eyes glued to her tits, I push her to sit on my bed. Then I kneel in front of her and feast with my mouth. Cupping her breast with a hand, I tease my tongue across her nipple. She takes a shaky breath, but this isn’t going to do it for her, I realize. She wants it rough.

Thank fuck.

With a growl, I take her pink peak into my mouth, sucking and tugging, first one breast then the other. She cries out, gasping and clutching my hair. I could probably make her climax just like this. She’s so fucking sexy with her sounds and her scent that I’m about to come in my pants.

I force my mouth to move down, kissing along her stomach. “You’re so responsive. I could spend all day sucking your gorgeous tits.” I push her down to the bed. “But there’s so much of you to adore.”

I remove her shorts and panties. She asks about her shoes. I glance down at them. They’re at least three-inch heels. She looks so goddamned delicious wearing them—I want her wearing only them. “I want them digging into my back when you wrap your legs around me,” I tell her.

She shivers, and I’m euphoric. I already learned she likes it rough. Now I know she likes to be dominated as well. I’d have given her whatever she wanted, but rough and dominant are how I like to fuck the best. Pleasing her is going to be easier than I thought. And a shit ton of fun.

“Lean on your elbows,” I command. She does and I bend her legs up and part her thighs. Jesus Christ. I let out a long stream of air as I trail my hands up the inside of her legs. “You’re so fucking sexy like this. All spread out for me.” I see her cunt clench as I run my fingers down her slit. “You want me. Look how your pretty pussy throbs.”

I want her too. My cock is pulsing.

But I barely notice it. My focus is completely on Alayna. I continue to tease her with my fingers. When I can’t stand it anymore, I replace my hand with my mouth, licking her, tasting her, sucking her. She comes quickly, but I want her to have more. I want to give her more.

“Again.” I plunge my fingers in her hole and fuck her with my hand while I suck and tug on her clit. She’s close—I can feel her trembling under my tongue—so I reach my hand up and pull on her nipples. This sends her over the edge. Her cunt clenches around my fingers as she thrashes against the bed. I’m so mesmerized by her beauty that a part of me wants to watch her until she’s ridden the entire wave.

But more than that, I want to be inside of her. I take off my pants and find a condom. She’s still quivering by the time I climb over her. I lean on my forearms. “You’re ready for me,” I say, more for myself than her. My cock is pressing at her opening, and I know I can’t hold back any longer. Yet, the moment I enter her, I fear I will lose everything of myself.

I hope I will lose everything of myself.

It’s the hope that allows me to push my tip in. “Jesus, Alayna.” I’m already in heaven and I haven’t even fully entered her. “You feel so goddamn good.”

She’s so snug, so tight. I push her thigh back, widening her, and I slide the rest of the way in. “So good.” Alayna’s adjusted to me now. I pull out all the way slowly. I consider taking my time working up to a steady tempo. But that isn’t how either of us wants it. So when I drive back in, I thrust hard.

She cries out, her face twisted in pleasure. I lean down and kiss her, fucking her mouth with my tongue as I continue to pound into her cunt. Though I’m lost in the complete ecstasy of her, I’m ever mindful of her needs. Soon she’s rocking against me, writhing to meet each plunge. I need to get her where she wants to be.

Without slowing my barrage, I direct her to wrap her legs around me. She does, and the new position opens her up even further. The heels of her shoes dig into my ass. I’m so deep inside her.

And it’s then—as my balls slap against her with each drive, as her body tightens and contracts against my cock, as I reach the peak of my own release—it’s then that my fears and hopes are realized. I am completely lost in Alayna Withers. Figuratively and literally. Completely and inescapably lost.

She trembles beneath me. Does she know what I’m thinking? Is she as moved by this revelation as I am?

“I’m going to come,” she groans.

“Yes. Yes, come, Alayna.” Because I can’t hold on much longer and I want to go with her.

I want to go with her wherever she goes.

Her orgasm crashes through her and I follow, shouting her name, flying with her. And I feel a release that transcends the climax of our sexual activity. A release of unspoken words. This moment we’ve just had together, it’s the most I’ve shared with any woman. As though we weren’t simply fucking but communicating. As though we’d invented our own language, and through it, I was finally able to speak emotions that I never knew dwelled within me.

Or I just had a really good fucking orgasm and I’m poetic with hormones.

I collapse onto Alayna, my head cradled in her neck. I hope it’s more than hormones. I hope I’m not waxing poetic. Whatever the cause of my emotional epiphany, the experience was really, really good. I’m more intrigued by her than ever. More tied to her than I ever thought possible.

This, though—this is the only way I can have her. In a bed. With my body. Because I have nothing else to give to her. I have nothing else that I can share with her. The want to be with her elsewhere is fantastical. It’s a whim, a silly impulse that must be controlled.

And since this is all we will have that is real, I cling to it in a way that makes me think of a little child clutching a security blanket. It’s overdramatized and slightly pathetic but genuine all at once.

I whisper into her skin, needing to share this feeling with her in whatever way I can. “I knew sex with you would be like that. Powerful and intense and fucking incredible. I knew it.”

It’s a lie, though. I had no idea it would be that good. No fucking idea at all.





Chapter Ten





She’s sleeping.

I went to the bathroom to clean up and came back to her gentle rhythmic breathing. The softness of it—of her skin, of her hair, of this moment—it makes me yearn for something I can’t name.

I tug the blankets from underneath her and cover her.

Alayna struggles to sit up.

“Sleep, precious.” I like the idea of her sleeping in my bed. Even though it’s not the bed I tend to spend many nights in. It almost bothers me to see her in this place where I’ve had other women. She seems out-of-place.

But where else would I have her? Certainly not at The Bowery where I live. I bring no one there. Still I can’t help but picture her in that bed…

The strange yearning is about to take over, and I refuse to let that happen. Though there’s a part of me that wants to explore it and study it the way I’ve studied and explored the emotions of others, I know this isn’t the time or the place to do so. It’s not fair to Alayna. I want her to come out of this unscathed, and these notions are not healthy for either of us.

I need to focus on that, focus on the real, and abandon thoughts of the impossible.

I brush a kiss on her forehead. “I need to order dinner. Chinese okay?”

“Sounds delicious.”

She stretches and her tits pop out from under the covers. They’re gorgeous and are distracting me from food, but Alayna works later and I need to take care of her. “I’ll call it in.”

I feel her eyes on me as I leave the room, and I very nearly let them pull me back to her. Except I’m a man of discipline. I can abstain from the things that I can’t have and Alayna Withers…I can only have her in this way—in measured doses. In fragments of time.

But when I am with her, I will be with her completely.

I make the call to the Chinese place on the corner. They’re on speed dial and know me well.

Then I take a few minutes to gather my thoughts, to remind myself of the games I’m playing and the games I refuse to play. When I return, I need to distance myself from her. This evening can’t be construed as anything but what it is—a simple fuck. She can’t believe there is anything more to my desire than that.

Because there’s not. I won’t let there be, no matter what ideas are shaping in my mind.

I collect the clothes we’d discarded earlier in the living room, not letting my mind recall the details of the hot memory. When I return to my room, she’s half-dressed. It should be a good thing—she understands exactly what this was supposed to be and she isn’t cleaving to the physical act, making it something meaningful, like most women would.

And I’m disappointed.

“You’re getting dressed?”

I’ve startled her. She covers herself with her arms, hiding from me. I don’t like her hiding.

But that’s not a fair thing to want. Not when I’m hiding. From everyone. From her.

Still, I can’t let her go.

I throw the shirt and tie onto the laundry basket and strike a stern pose. “Are you in a hurry to leave?” My gaze travels the length of her body—her well-toned legs, her trimmed pussy. My cock twitches with arousal.

She shivers and I wonder if she’s cold or if she can sense my want.

Then she looks away and I realize she has no idea how she affects me. It’s insane that a woman so intelligent can’t see the obvious.

“Guys don’t usually want me to hang around after sex,” she says.

I’m ripped apart by her words. “That statement brings up so many issues for discussion that I don’t know where to begin.”

She’s perfect and men have turned her away? I step toward her on impulse. “What is wrong with men to not…?” I can’t finish the statement. Because I should be turning her away. Because sentences like that are too close to sharing emotions. Because thinking of her with other men makes my gut twist.

Yet, I have to say something. “Alayna, please don’t group me with other guys you know. I’d like to think I’m not like most of them. And I don’t want to know or think about you having sex with other men. I don’t share.”

She doesn’t meet my eyes, but I can tell she likes what I’ve said.

“That sounds awfully relationship-y to me. I thought you didn’t do relationships,” she says as she tugs on her shorts.

It’s not a challenge—she’s feeling out the boundaries of what’s going on with us. I admire her for that. “I don’t do romantic relationships. Sexual relationships are another thing entirely. Why are you getting ready to leave?”

She reaches for her shirt, but I beat her to it. “Stop,” I say, holding her shirt out of her reach. I put my finger under her chin, tilting her to meet my eyes. It’s an intimate gesture—almost too intimate. Lost in her eyes, I say the words I shouldn’t but that can’t bear to be held inside. “I want you to stay.” I add my addendum so that my plea doesn’t get misconstrued—by her or by me. “And, if you are so inclined, I’d prefer that you not be dressed.”

She’s stubborn. Or cautious. “You’re dressed.” She crosses her arms over her chest again and thrusts out her lip in such a way that it takes all my energy not to lean forward and nibble on it.

“As soon as the food’s here, I’ll be happy to lose the clothing. Would that make you feel better?” It would help me to be naked with her. This strange energy between us is wearing on me. The physical is what I have to give her. I need to bring that back to the forefront of our relationship.

“Yes,” she answers, and I’m relieved.

But then she changes her mind. “I don’t know.”

I brush my hand against her cheek. Other women are so easy to read, so easy to manipulate because I understand what they’re thinking. But Alayna—she’s different. And all I know is that I have to have more of her. “What’s going on inside your head, precious? Are you going to run off every time we have sex?”

She turns away from me. “I hadn’t really thought this would be more than a one-time thing, Hudson.”

Honestly, I’d thought that I could get her out of my system easier than this myself. But I can’t. I need her in a way that I can’t fully understand.

And something about the way we connected makes me think she feels the same. So why is she running?

I grab her arm and pull her to me. “Alayna.” I search her eyes. “If you don’t want to have sex with me again, you need to tell me.”

“I do! I do.”

She throws her arms around me and buries her face in my chest. I shouldn’t do what I’m about to do, but my arms have a mind of their own, my body needing to protect her and hold her and comfort her. I return her embrace.

“What is it?” I stroke her hair. “Tell me.” I want to know her thoughts, her reasons, her worries. Even though I can’t give her the same in return.

“I’m not good at relationships. Of any sort. I have…issues.”

“Like what?” I know more about her past than she realizes. Her issues are nothing compared to mine. I shouldn’t let her know that I’ve researched her. I should let it go, let her secrets stay inside her. I’m not going to share mine with her.

But there are other parts of me—parts that want her to share with me and darker parts that want to force her to open up. Those parts take over and I ask, “Does this have anything to do with that restraining order?”

She stills in my arms. “You know about that?”

A rush of satisfaction runs through me. I’m addicted to this power—this thrill of being able to make someone feel a certain way. She’s uncomfortable, humiliated.

She tears out of my arms and buries her head in the blankets.

And I hate myself.

This power isn’t the power I want. It’s not who I want to be with her. I want the light, carefree Alayna back—the one that yielded to me with pleasure, not discomfort.

I should let it go. But I have to fix it.

I lie on the bed next to her and force a laugh. I put my hand on her back and massage her shoulders. Her naked skin beneath my fingers feels incredible and warm. I can’t stop touching her.

I bring us both back to the thing that we have, the only thing we share—our physical connection. “I know intimate things about you, precious—the way you look and the sounds you make when you’re about to come—and you’re concerned about this?”

She groans and my dick throbs.

“It was a big deal. The biggest deal. Like my biggest secret. I thought my brother had buried it.” She rises on her elbow and turns to eye me. “And are you saying I should be embarrassed about how I look and sound when…you know?”

It’s the last part of her statement I want to react to, but I still have mending to do. “I needed to know anything that might come up about my pretend girlfriend. It wasn’t necessarily easy to find, but not incredibly hard. It’s been buried now.”

With that out of the way, I cup her cheek and lose myself in her brown eyes. “And never, never be ashamed of how you look or sound at any time, especially when you’re about to come.” I circle her nose with mine. “I’m honored to be acquainted with you in that way.” I’d like to be acquainted with her in that way right now, in fact.

“I’m mortified.” She falls back onto the bed. “About the restraining order, I mean. I don’t know how to react to the other.”

“Why?” Her past is nothing like mine, and in many ways, her restraining order is silly and frivolous in comparison to the lives I’ve ruined.

But I understand her regret and her compulsions. They intrigue me and I want her to see that I can relate even though I can’t tell her how. Instead, I run my hand across her face and through her hair. I shouldn’t be touching her like this—it’s too near showing affection—but I can’t help myself.

“Because it makes me feel all weird and tingly. And turned on.”

“Fantastic.” I should take her again, right now.

I don’t. “But I meant, why are you mortified?”

“Oh.” She flushes and my dick hardens. That color on her face is so beautiful—she looks the same way when I’m fucking her, when I’m driving inside her. The urge to ravage her deepens.

But I want to hear her other answer. It’s important.

“Because it’s evidence of my crazy,” she says. “You know when I said I love too much? The restraining order is part of that, and I like to pretend it never happened.”

Like to pretend it never happened. I can’t get to that point. The things I’ve done are still real in my mind—every moment, every day. They consume me and eat at me, and even though I have learned to regret them, I can’t move away from them. What I’d give to pretend they never happened.

I suspect that, despite what she says, it’s the same for her—that she can never escape the things she keeps running from. I admire her for trying.

So, as if I have any power to make it true, I give her this wish. “Then it never did.” I kiss her nose, and for this one moment, I let words wash away past sins—both of ours. Mine and hers. “We’ve all done insane things in the past. I’d never hold it against you.”

In this time and space, I’m captured by her—connected in a way that goes beyond the physical. I know her at a depth that she can never understand.

And that’s when I return to reality. I can’t keep this connection. I have to let it go, have to push her away. Alayna Withers cannot belong to me. “Just another reason romantic love holds no interest for me. People get crazy with it.”

Why does my stomach twist from this reminder? This is all that can be between us. What else would there be? Even if I can feel something for her—which is far-fetched in itself—I am incapable of any emotion she deserves.

I force myself to relax and focus my attention on her. “But going back to the heart of this conversation—why does that have a bearing on a relationship between you and me?”

She sits up suddenly. “I freaked out, Hudson. About a guy. Several guys, actually, but it was the last one that ended not well.”

I sit up next to her. “And do you think you’re going to ‘freak out’ about me?” I’m afraid of her answer. I don’t want to freak her out. I don’t want to break her.

Yet I can’t deny that there is a part of me—a very sick and disgusting part of me—that wants exactly that. Not because I want her to fall apart or because I want Celia to win, but because I want Alayna’s attention. I want her focused on me.

Whatever she says, I realize, it will be a disappointment.

I hold my breath while she answers.

“I really can’t honestly tell you. I’ve stayed away from any relationship for a while so I wouldn’t have to deal with it. Trying to have something now with you—it’s uncharted territory for me.” She looks up and meets my eyes. “I haven’t freaked out so far. With you. And I don’t want to not have sex with you again. I mean…” She turns away, blushing.

I see her struggle, and I wish to God that I could let her go. For her sake, not mine. If I could simply walk away, this would be so much easier for her. Even if I followed through with Celia’s game, I understand that it is this—the pursuit of her outside the game—that will do the most harm to Alayna.

But I can’t let her go. I’m too much of a selfish ass.

I wrap my arms around her and nibble on her ear. “You’re adorable when you’re flustered. I don’t want to not have sex with you again either. So we won’t do that. We’ll have tons of incredible sex instead.”

She surrenders into my embrace. “I’m not saying yes, yet. I have to take this one day at a time.”

If I had a conscience, I’d be more supportive of her declaration. “Alayna, you might have to take this one day at a time, but I already know there will be tons of fucking between the two of us.” I pull her closer. Holding her like this, talking to her so intimately, it’s made me hard. “In fact, I’m going to have to be inside you again before you leave for work.”

She glances down at my erection and then peers back up at me. “Like right now?”

The way she’s looking at me with big lust-filled eyes, it takes everything I have not to pull her beneath me and plow into her. But I only succumb to a kiss. Then the intercom buzzes and dinner has arrived.

In the few minutes that I’m away from her—getting our food and paying the deliverer—I gather my wits. When I return to the bedroom, I’m more together. She still drives me crazy with her long fantastic legs and her perfect pouty lips, but it’s manageable. We flirt and I feed her and we banter about. It’s nice, actually. Comfortable.

Then we swing around to the topic that has both of us on our toes—our relationship. Our wants are actually very much the same. She wants to be with me sexually without any attachment. I want to be with her sexually without any attachment. Yet, we both fear it’s not possible.

Pretending that I have any self-control when it comes to her, I tell her that sex in the future is her decision. I mean it at the moment, but I’m not sure I’ll be able to resist pushing her if it comes to that. I can’t resist her. I already know this. My intent, though, is what matters now, and she seems to appreciate it. We make headway, setting boundaries and terms. Just talking about it relaxes us both.

Until she brings up fidelity.

Alayna will not fuck others while she’s in a relationship with me. It’s not debatable. The mere idea of her touching another man makes my chest tighten, and I finally understand what it means to see red. And I’m back to feeling out of sorts and out of control. Because I’ve never felt this possessive about a woman I’m fucking. I’ve never demanded faithfulness. I’ve never offered it from myself. For the most part, I have been loyal to one lover at a time, but only because it was easier. Never because a sexual commitment actually meant something to me.

Alayna has agreed to fidelity, thank God, but she wants to know my intentions. Any other woman and I’d dodge the question. Or I’d find ways of making her forget she’d even asked. I don’t do that now.

Meeting Alayna’s eyes, I brace a palm on each of her legs. “I’m not a slut, Alayna. This loft has been used for sex, yes, but I have it so I can be close to my office, not for fucking.” I brush a strand of hair off her face, mostly to distract myself from the weight of what I can’t stop from saying. “I will be as faithful as I expect you to be.”

It feels right to give this to the girl in front of me. To say these words. They’re a promise that I know I’ll have no trouble keeping, but they scare the ever-living fuck out of me.

Apparently they scare the fuck out of her too, because suddenly she’s up and gathering her clothes. “I can’t think about this anymore right now.”

I stand as well, recognizing the emotion etched in her features. “Why are you panicking?” Though I haven’t had much experience with this type of scenario, this is certainly not the reaction I expected.

She turns on me, her eyes blazing with rage. “You know, it’s all very good and fine for you to say you want a committed sexual relationship. You’ll have no problem remaining unemotionally involved—that’s your default. It’s not my default. Don’t you see what you’re asking of me might be impossible for me to deliver?”

She’s on the verge of tears. I’ve seen tears—many, many times. I’ve gloried in them. They are often the sign of a victory on my part. I’ve also studied them. They’ve fascinated me and intrigued me.

Though not a single tear has escaped her eyes yet, I know that I do not want to see Alayna cry.

I reach for her, but she pulls away.

“The more we have sex, Hudson, the more I’m likely to latch on, and even if you were into that, you wouldn’t be into the level that I latch. So, trust me when I say this has bad idea written all over it. Let’s call this a wonderful—oh, my God, such a wonderful evening—and now we need to move on.”

My moment of compassion—if that’s what it was—disappears and I am left hardened. “If that’s what you need.”

“I do. And I need a shower. Do you mind?”

“Not at all. In there.” I point out the way. “I’ll bring you some towels.”

She disappears into the bathroom, and I head for the linen closet. As I pile two fluffy towels into my arms, I consider my mood. A few minutes ago, I was unbalanced and apprehensive. Now, I’m…numb. Like I am most of the time. Honestly, it should be an improvement. The strange way I’ve been acting around Alayna is unsettling.

Yet underneath the numbness, there’s something else. Something tugging at the corners of my guard trying to get out. Feeling of some sort. It’s pleasant, in a way. But also not at all.

Suddenly I want that more than anything. The something else. It’s a compulsion that impels me into the bathroom where I set the towels on the counter. I strip and then I’m sliding in the shower to join her. It’s not what she wants, she said she needed time, but here I am, unable to help myself.

She turns into me with no surprise on her face. Then her lips are on mine and any doubt I had about my actions disappears. I kiss her long enough to let her know I’m in charge. When I’ve left her breathless, I wash her. I explore her body in all the ways I haven’t yet. I speak to her like this. I have so much that I need to say to her, and this is the only way I can. The only way I know how—rubbing her, caressing her, learning her. I leave no part of her untouched.

When I brush my fingers past her clit, she moans and leans into me.

I suppose it was a bit manipulative—getting her to this point. I’ve aroused her and wound her up. For once, though, my actions were not purposeful. I’m here because I can’t not be.

“Hudson.” She says my name and it’s infused with as much confusion as I feel.

None of this has been planned or premeditated. I don’t know who I am in this moment. I rely on instinct, thrusting two fingers inside her pussy. “Is this what you want?”

“Yes!” She gasps. “I mean, no. I want you.”

There’s a part of me that wants to sit on the bench in the walk-in shower and figure out everything going on in my head. I ignore that part and focus on the other part of me—the new part that wants only to please and tease and adore the woman in my arms.

“You’ll have to wait,” I tell her. “I’m enjoying making you wait.”

I work her, squeezing her clit and fucking her with my fingers until she’s moaning and writhing and digging her nails into my shoulders. Just as she’s about to come, I pull away. “I need to be washed too.”

I’m playing with her now, but it’s in fun. When was the last time I played like this? Without any malice? Without any need to examine? I’m not sure that I ever have.

She plays back, and I wonder if it’s new for her as well. Something about the way her hands touch me, the way she tentatively brushes my cock—I’m certain it is new for her. She strokes me once, twice. At the third stroke, I can’t take it anymore. Playtime is over.

Or it’s just beginning.

I lift her up. Her legs wrap around me and I press her back against the shower wall. I take her mouth in mine as I thrust inside her. I’m not gentle. I’m fierce, I’m forceful. Because those are the things between us. Those are the things we share. Vague intangible energy that pulls us both toward each other, into each other.

I pump her like this, quick and hard, even as she clenches down around me. I come fast after her.

We’re quiet as I towel her off and help her dress. She has to go now. She has to get to work. I wrap a towel around my waist and walk her to the door.

Despite our silence, it’s not awkward between us. I sense that she’s…absorbing. As I am. There’s a lot to take in. Though I can’t begin to even process any of it. So after I’ve kissed her and sent her on her way, I decide to not process. I turn my brain off and simply let the evening settle around me.

I’ve never stayed overnight at the loft after having a woman here. I prefer to be in my own bed without the lingering scent of sex and female. With Alayna gone now, however, I can’t make myself leave. I throw on a pair of boxers and climb into the sheets that still smell like her.





Chapter Eleven





Before





Christina swept her tongue along my crown, sending a shiver down my spine.

“Stop fucking teasing,” I hissed. A blowjob in a hidden alcove at Cipriani 42nd Street hadn’t been in my plans for the evening. But when my one-night fling from the summer arrived at The Pierce Industry Annual Thanksgiving Eve Charity Gala with her lips painted in Fuck Me Red, my agenda had been altered.

“Tell me what you want then, Mr. Pierce?” She was playing at some hot fantasy where she was my employee and I was her boss. It wasn’t necessary as far as I was concerned, but it got her mouth on my dick without much work, so I went along.

“I want you to fucking suck it. Like a good girl.” I flicked my finger at her cheek. “Open up.” She complied, shaping her lips into an “O” before wrapping them around my hard cock. “Yeah, like that.”

I closed my eyes, relishing the feel of her warm, moist mouth cocooned around my dick. There were few things that I enjoyed in this world as much as getting head. It was the only situation where I could sit back and think completely of myself. I didn’t care if the girl was turned on or enjoying it. Examinations of human nature were put on hold. Fellatio was about simple pleasure—my pleasure.

With one hand pumping the base, Christina drew her mouth up and down over my swollen cock. Her other hand reached below to fondle my balls. She wasn’t very original with her play, but she had spirit. And honestly, even mediocre blowjobs are fucking fantastic.

As for her tempo…it was on the slow side. That could be remedied. I tangled my hands into her hair, messing up her carefully coifed bun. It took her a moment, but soon she relinquished control and that’s when things got good. I drove into her at an aggressive speed. With each thrust I hit the back of her throat, the tickling on my crown sending me closer to the brink. I glanced down at the erotic sight—her eyes watered as my cock fucked her mouth. Even as I pounded harder, faster, she allowed me to control the experience.

“Keep up, Christina. Fuck me with your greedy little mouth.”

Her lips tightened around me. She was so willing, so submissive. How strange that she didn’t find it completely debasing. She struggled to catch a breath and the hard floor had to be a bitch on her knees. The demeaning nature of the situation only added to the eroticism. My climax came rushing toward me. I had time to warn her, but I didn’t want to give her a chance to pull away. I spurted into her, holding her head in place so that she had no choice but to swallow.

“That’s a good bitch. Swallow it all.”

Like a champ, she even licked me clean.

I took a deep breath and exhaled. Jesus, that had felt good. A perfect distraction from my parents’ dismal casino night.

After I’d tucked myself back into my tuxedo pants, I helped Christina to her feet. “Very good, Ms. Brooke. I suppose I’ll have to approve your vacation request after all.”

She wiped at her lips before giving me a seductive smile. “Thank you, Mr. Pierce. Is there anything else I can do for you this evening?”

“I think that’s all, Ms. Brooke.” If she wanted me to return the favor, it wasn’t happening. I’d been there and done that, and there were plenty of fresh cunts at the event to choose from if I decided I wanted to get off again before the night was over.

However, it was never good to burn bridges, so I tugged her close and whispered at her ear. “I have to get back to this boring party. But if I find another chance to get away…” I bit at her lobe.

“Right. Got it.” She was smiling when I released her.

Mission accomplished.

She pulled at the few pins that I hadn’t already dislodged from her hair, gathering them into a pile in her hand. “You need to get out there and practice for when you’re hosting this event. It won’t be long now, I’m sure.”

I did have plans to work for my father over Christmas Break. He’d already given me preliminaries on some of his accounts. “When I’m in charge, I’ll own the nightclubs we party at.” Made much more sense than spending a fortune to rent out another venue. Especially when the evening was for charity. I’d seen the event expenses. It was hard to imagine there was anything left to donate after all the bills were paid.

“Smart thinking, boss.”

I cringed. Now that we weren’t immersed in the fantasy, the remnants of it left a bad taste. It was time to excuse myself from my date of the moment.

“Have you heard anything from Celia?”

That question, however, kept me interested in Christina for a bit longer. “Not since summer.” Not since that night she’d fucked my father. I’d made sure to avoid her until she’d gone back to school in California a few days later. Having been at school myself, I’d heard little of her and had often wondered how my experiment had affected her semester. This was a chance to find out. “Have you?”

“I went to see her a couple months ago,” Christina said, picking up her handbag from the floor. She tucked the pins into a side pocket. “She was a fucking mess.”

Now that was interesting. “What do you mean by mess?”

“Partying. Drugs. She was doing a shit-ton of cocaine when I saw her. And talk about slut—she spread her legs for any guy who gave her the time of day.”

I wiped at my mouth, trying to decide how to evaluate the information. It was probably a coincidence. Her behavior couldn’t have been because of me. Could it?

“That’s too bad.” I actually meant it.

“Rumor has it,” Christina narrowed her eyes at me, “that she was nursing a broken heart.”

“Are you blaming her self-destruction on me?” The idea didn’t sit well. While I’d never cared what happened to my subjects after I’d concluded my experiments, Celia was different. She was family, in a way. Again I resolved myself not to scheme anymore with people I knew.

Christina chuckled. “She’s a big girl. She’s responsible for her own destruction. I just thought you’d want to know.”

I shrugged. I did want to know, but I didn’t need Christina knowing that.

“She’s in town for the holiday.”

I shrugged again.

“You know, Hudson? You’re kind of an asshole.”

It was my turn to laugh. “And you’re just figuring this out now?”

“No. I knew.” She pulled her fingers through her tangled hair. “And I still let you fuck me. So obviously I don’t really care.”

Too bad I didn’t give a shit about people. Christina and I might have made a good team.

As it was, I was done with her. I paused, devising a way to escape. In the end, I simply nodded toward the restrooms. “You should clean yourself up. Have a good Thanksgiving if I don’t see you again.” I left her before she had a chance to respond.

Back in the main room, I found myself scanning the casino tables for Celia. It was silly to think she’d be at the event. Her parents weren’t even there, and Celia wouldn’t have come without them, but I wanted to see her. Wanted to know if she was really a mess. Something in me needed to know that she wasn’t.

I wasn’t expecting to find the answer I was seeking. My survey of the place, though, led me to another sight I hadn’t been expecting—my mother, climbing onto a blackjack table.

Goddammit.

She’d been a drinker most of my life, so I was used to all her modes of intoxication. Usually, she kept her shit together in public. Whatever made her go overboard tonight, I wasn’t sure I wanted to know. But someone had to rescue her, or at least keep her from embarrassing herself or the family.

My father was already helping her down when I arrived at the scene. He smiled, like it was all in fun. “Sophia, now how many times have I told you that isn’t the way you play twenty-one?”

The handful of spectators laughed. Jack Pierce, shithead that he was, always did have a way with a crowd.

My mother blinked a couple of times, as if trying to clear her vision. “There you are. I was climbing up there to get a better view of the room so I could figure out where you’d wandered off to.”

She could still speak without slurring her words. So she wasn’t as intoxicated as I’d imagined.

My mother pinned her stare on the blonde standing next to my father. “Is this the latest? I should have known. When you disappear, it’s usually with a tram—”

I stepped in before she could finish her sentence. “Mother, walk with me, will you?”

“And leave him alone with his bi—”

My father cut her off this time. “It’s okay, Hudson. Of course you won’t be leaving me, sweetheart. I’m going with you.” He wrapped an arm around her waist and began escorting her toward the exit.

While my mother has been known for false accusations, the glance he threw back at the blonde gave him away. Not to my mother—she already knew. But now I knew too that the woman at his side was not just an acquaintance. The look he gave her said he’d be back later for her. In other words, he was just putting my mother in a car before returning.

No wonder Sophia Pierce felt the need to get a little too drunk at her husband’s company party. Fucking asshole.

I rubbed my hand across my jaw and considered whether I wanted to stay any longer myself. Though there was plenty of room for me at the penthouse where my parents lived, I’d been staying at the Plaza, so if I left, I wouldn’t have to deal with my mother. But maybe I should go to the penthouse anyway. It wasn’t the newest nanny’s job to take care of a drunken employer. And Sophia might get to keep a shred of dignity if I were the one to attend to her.

I was already at the coatroom when I’d made my decision to leave. The clerk had just handed me my coat when I found a reason to stay. Celia Werner had just walked in, hands thrust in her jacket pockets, her attire nowhere near formal.

She walked toward me. My surprise at seeing her kept me glued to my spot, my mouth slack as I looked her over. Though she wasn’t dressed for the event, she didn’t look like the mess that Christina had suggested. Either Celia had cleaned up in the last couple of months or the rumors about her had been exaggerated.

I couldn’t decide if that made me happy or disappointed.

“Do you want to check your coat?” the clerk asked when Celia reached us.

She shook her head and fixed her gaze on me.

I’d had enough time now to gather my wits. “You’re too late, Celia. My father just left. But if you want to wait, I think he’s coming back. He already has a leggy blonde picked out for the evening, though. Do you mind threesomes?”

“I’m not here for Jack, asshole.”

I tensed at the familiar use of my father’s name. “That’s too bad. No one else is going to look at you dressed like that.”

“You want to stand around and throw insults at me all night? Or can you zip it a minute so I can talk to you?”

“I have nothing to say to you.”

“Awesome. Then you can shut the fuck up and listen while I talk.”

I hesitated, wondering what her angle was. Then I decided I didn’t care enough to find out. “While that sounds like a whole hell of a lot of fun, Celia, I think I’ll pass.” I tipped the clerk and started out.

“Hudson.” Her tone was more commanding than was typical for her. Still, I kept walking. “Fine,” she said, running to catch up to me. “I’ll find your father then.”

That stopped me. Though they’d already been together, I detested the idea of a repeat performance. I’d rather imagine my father fucking anyone else—the blonde waiting for him in the event room, even. Just not Celia.

I’d never let on how much it bothered me, but I would try to prevent it any way I could. “What is it you want, Celia?”

Her eyes darted toward the clerk. “Not here. We need to be in private.”

“I’m not—” A noise at the door down the hall stole my attention. It was my father returning from “taking care” of my mother. He hadn’t seen us yet, so I grabbed Celia’s arm and tugged her toward the men’s room. At the door, I said, “Stay.” I went in and checked to make sure the room was empty then I pulled Celia inside.

As I locked the door behind us, there was a brief moment where I considered how different our lives could have been if it hadn’t been for my experiment that summer. How I could have been sneaking away with Celia for a bang in a stall instead of hiding her from my slut of a father. Or maybe not that. I hadn’t ever wanted that, had I?

Something different, though. Not this.

But as Thoreau said, “Never look back unless you’re planning to go that way.” And I was not going that way. Come to think of it, Celia was the one who’d told me that.

I turned back to face her. “You have three minutes. Then I’m taking you out to the curb and putting you in a cab. I’ll even give you some cash, if that’s how you’re used to getting paid.”

Her eyes blazed with the heat of my insult. “Did I mention fuck you, Hudson?”

“I don’t get off on my father’s sloppy seconds. Sorry.” I looked at my watch for effect. “And now you’re at two minutes forty-five.”

She crossed her arms and leaned back against the counter, her eyes narrow with challenge. “I’m willing to bet that I’ll have your attention for longer than that.”

Again, a glance at my watch. “Two minutes forty.”

“I knew I should have talked to Jack instead.”

She’d realized that mentioning my father was her power card. She’d laid it down several times now. Each time it worked.

But I was losing patience. This was the last time I’d ask and my tone let her know that. “What the fuck is it, Celia?”

She brushed the hair off her face and swallowed. “I’m pregnant.”

I opened my mouth to make some smartass remark—it wasn’t my kid after all—and then I realized whose kid it was. I did the math as I glanced at her belly. It had been three months. Would she be showing? Did she look rounder than she had before or was I making it up?

Or was she making it up? All of it could be a lie.

“Are you trying to figure out if I’m lying? Oh, my God. I can prove it if you need me to. Trust me, pregnancy is not something I’d be able to lie about for long.”

While my trust in people was limited, I knew Celia well enough to believe she told the truth. I didn’t like what she had to say, but I believed her.

I ran a hand through my hair. “You’re sure it’s his?”

She shot me an ice-cold glare. “I didn’t sleep around, Hudson.”

“That’s not what I heard.” I tilted my head, recalling Christina’s earlier tales of a Celia gone wild. “Actually heard you were quite the slut these days.”

“From who? From Christina? And you believed that fucking whore cunt?” She closed her eyes, cursing more under her breath. “Whatever. Fine. Yes, I was a little wild this semester. Before I found out I was pregnant. After you.” It was a slip—what she meant, but not what she meant to say. She quickly corrected. “After Jack, rather. But the timing is… It’s your father’s, Hudson. There’s no one else that fits the time frame. And the condom broke.”

“I don’t want to hear that.” I covered my eyes with my hand. As if that could hide me from what she was saying. Not just the condom talk, but the whole conversation—I would have preferred to not have it continue.

“I’m sure you don’t.” A trace of regret laced her words. “But you get to hear it because I blame you.”

Now I was incensed. “For faulty birth control? Or for your bad decision?”

“Oh, don’t even play like you have no comprehension of your culpability. You drove me to him. You gave me no choice.”

“Pathetic, Celia. Take responsibility for your own actions.”

“I am. That’s why I’m here. Now it’s your turn to take responsibility for your actions.” She pointed a finger at me. “And tell me what we’re going to do.”

“What we’re going to do? This is not my problem.” But I already knew it was. Not just because of the reason she’d given, but because this affected my family. Affected my life. It didn’t mean I knew what should be done about it.

Celia straightened. “Then I’ll take it to your father. I’m sure he’ll step up. He’ll have no choice when I get a DNA test.” Again laying her power card. She straightened and started toward the door.

I could have let her go. It would serve Jack right.

But Jack wasn’t the only person who would suffer from this. And Celia knew it.

I pounded the wall behind me with a fist. “Fuck.” Forget Christina as a good partner. Celia had manipulation down to a science. “What do you want from me?”

She flung her arms out to the side in exasperation. “I want you to tell me what to do!”

It was almost funny. As if we were a real couple discussing their unplanned pregnancy. The situation had much that would intrigue me under normal circumstances.

I banged my head against the wall behind me. “What are our options?” I scolded myself for using the word our. It gave her too much power, thinking of us as a partnership.

“Well.” She returned to lean against the counter again. She needed the support, I realized. The conversation was tough. I’d give her that. “I’m not having an abortion. I might have been able to, but I saw the ultrasound. I saw its heartbeat. I can’t do that.”

“So no abortion.” I was glad for that, actually. It didn’t feel right sentencing my unborn sibling to death.

My sibling. Jesus, was this really happening?

“I’m not opposed to adoption.” She talked as if she’d already been through all of this on her own—and she probably had. For me, though, it was new and there was a lot to take in. A lot of different aspects of the situation to absorb.

“My mom will want to keep it.” She let out a single chortle. “Can you just see my mother as a doting grandmother? Either way, my parents will want to know who the father is. My father would kill me if he knew.”

“More like he’d kill my father if he knew.” My father was Warren’s friend. And he’d knocked up his daughter.

Celia sighed. “Let’s just say it wouldn’t be good for either one of us.”

“It would destroy my mother.” Not just my mother. “And my brother and sister.”

She nodded, biting her lip. “I can’t tell him it’s Jack.”

She was right. That much was clear.

And there was only one thing I could think of to make sure that information never came out. “You’ll tell him it’s me.” I set my jaw. “Tell him I’m the father.”

“What?” She lifted her head as if in surprise, but something about her tone was false. “Are you really…would you really do that?” It was more gleeful than hopeful. More triumphant than incredulous.

“Now you’re the one pretending.” I could read her like a book. “You came to me because you knew I’d offer. Don’t even fucking try to convince me you didn’t plan this.”

“I hoped,” she whispered. “Not that I’d get pregnant. But after I did, I hoped you’d offer.”

“Finally we’re getting somewhere.” I leaned back, bracing myself on the wall as I rocked back on my heels. “Then that’s what we’ll do. We’ll say it’s mine.” I worked it out as I spoke. “You can finish this semester. Come back at Christmas and I’ll go with you to the parenting classes or whatever. I’ll play the supportive sperm donor. If you choose to keep it, I’ll set up a trust fund or something. Dad’s money will be my money anyway when I take over the company.”

“Okay.” She took a deep breath. “What about fathering?”

“You want me to have a relationship with it?”

“Don’t talk like it’s a stranger. It will be your brother or sister.”

“Right.” I’d already realized that, but my stomach dropped at the reminder. And since it really was my sibling, could I just abandon any contact with it? If it were Chandler or Mirabelle, I would want to be involved. Even in my own cold, stoic way. “Sure. Fine. Minimal relationship though. I don’t want custody. But that also means I get to help make parenting decisions. Are you going to be okay with that?”

She shrugged as she shook her head. Then said, “I’ll be okay with whatever.” Her eyes glazed like she was overwhelmed. “I don’t even know if I’m keeping it yet.”

Another thought crossed my mind. “I’m not marrying you, Celia.” I straightened to show my seriousness. “This in no way makes us a couple.”

She looked at me with stark unbelief. “I never thought for a moment it did.” But her tone was layered with the subtext of our past. Of a time when she would have wanted exactly that from me. “Nor would I ever expect it. You, I’ve discovered, are incapable of anything remotely like a relationship.”

Perhaps she’d meant to hurt me with her statement. She didn’t. She’d made our new situation easier. I looked her straight in the eye. “I’m glad you know.”

She held my gaze for several seconds. Then her eyes fell to the floor. She shook her head again, as if she were bewildered. As if she were at a loss for words. Finally, she looked up again. “Hudson, why are you doing this?”

I studied the light smudge on the tip of my right shoe as I tried to figure out the answer to that. It wasn’t for my father. I was disappointed that he didn’t have to face up to his actions. As for my mother...I’d begun to understand that the biggest contribution to her drinking was my father’s infidelity. My relationship with her was strained, at best. Yet I did feel an urge to protect her. Was she the reason?

Then my mind flew again to my siblings. Chandler. Mirabelle.

Ah, Mirabelle.

She was a girl who believed in love and rainbows and happily-ever-after—all the things I detested. The breakdown of my parents’ marriage would strip her of those convictions. And that thought felt like a kick in the stomach. I realized I would do anything to prevent that from happening to her. So the why was for Mirabelle then.

There was another reason, and that reason was standing in front of me—her face thin and ashen. Her eyes heavier than I’d remembered them, her smile not as easy as it had once been. I’d chided her for blaming anyone but herself for her predicament, but wasn’t I also culpable? If I hadn’t set the dominos in motion, she’d never have gone to Mabel Shores that night. She’d never have climbed into my father’s bed. She wouldn’t be pregnant now.

Did I care that I held responsibility? Maybe. Maybe I couldn’t care for people in the way that others could, but I did have some sense of duty. I couldn’t explain it, even to myself.

I’d never try to explain it to anyone else.

“Hudson?” Celia prodded me for an answer since I’d been quiet so long.

“I heard you.” I swallowed and raised my eyes to hers. “The family name.” And because I was uncomfortable with the course of my self-examination, I turned spiteful. “Pierce is my legacy. I wouldn’t want it poisoned by my father’s mistakes.”

She sneered and opened her mouth to likely deliver an equally caustic jab.

But I jumped in before her. “Let’s give our families Thanksgiving. We can tell them on Friday. I’ll call you tomorrow to arrange the details of our announcement.” I turned and straightened my bow tie in the mirror. There would be no going back to the event for me, and I wasn’t going to leave Celia behind. “I’ll walk you out.”

We didn’t say another word to each other until she was seated in the backseat of a cab and I was about to shut the door.

“Hudson?”

I bent toward her. “What?”

“Thank you.” Her lip quivered and her eyes glossed, and I remembered that Celia wasn’t like me. She had emotions, she had feelings. This situation was probably more to her than the inconvenience it was for me. A rush of…something…swept through me. Something not quite comfortable. Like I was listening to Schubert’s Adagio for Strings while battling the flu.

More and more lately, the depth of my own ability to feel surprised me. I didn’t like it.

I nodded once and looked for the thing she needed me to say. “Congratulations, Ceeley,” I managed. “Everything’s going to be just fine."

I didn’t have to try to sound sincere. I was.





Chapter Twelve





After





Alayna’s hand on my back—even through my shirt and jacket—stuns my skin to life. I turn to look at her, wishing we were elsewhere, anywhere but here at my mother’s charity fashion show. This event has been planned for weeks to be the kick-off for the charade within the charade. It was Celia’s choice, not mine. I would have preferred a private introduction for Alayna and Sophia Pierce. Not this extravaganza of people. Celia wanted it for exactly that reason—it gave her the excuse to be present. She wants to see the game in action; I get that. It was always the best part. But her nearness reminds me what this really is. Reminds me that my relationship with Alayna is an experiment.

No, that’s not correct. My relationship with Alayna is not what happens here—it’s what happens in private. That is our reality. This is only a show. And both of us know that.

But it’s hard to remember that when she’s running her hand across my shoulder like this. I should tell her to stop, even though I don’t blame her. I have the hardest time concentrating on anything that isn’t her when she’s near. Even when she’s not near, actually—all I think about, all I long for, is her.

Her touch has awakened my constant desire for her. I don’t care who might see. I don’t care where it will lead. I don’t care that I’ll likely regret the hard-on I’ll get from kissing her luscious mouth. I place my hand on her thigh and lean in to take her lips.

“Oh, you don’t need to be all PDA on my account,” a familiar voice interrupts me. “Remember, I know.”

I stiffen. I shouldn’t be as angry as I am at Celia’s arrival. I’m surprised she hasn’t shown up sooner. There’s no reason for her to interact with us though. No reason for her to take the seat next to Alayna as she is now. I’m not happy about it, and the look I share with my old friend doesn’t hide my irritation.

Alayna removes her hand from my body and I’m instantly disappointed. I can’t withdraw so easily, strengthening my grip on her leg, maintaining our connection.

“I’m Celia,” she says to Alayna. “I thought we should probably meet. Though it doesn’t look like Hudson’s too keen on it.”

Celia’s trying too hard. What is she trying to prove?

And what do I care? If she screws this up, the experiment’s over, and I can concentrate on my real relationship with Alayna instead of this farce. That thought perks me up. “No, you’re right. You should meet.” I stroke Alayna’s thigh as I speak, claiming her as mine. “Now you’ve met.”

“You aren’t getting rid of me that easily, you oaf.” Celia smirks. She turns to Alayna. “Believe it or not, we’re actually friends.”

Friends. Is that what we are? It’s how I’ve always referred to her. She knows my secrets; I know hers. We share a bond. I suppose it’s the closest thing to friendship that I know. Perhaps that’s why I tolerate her as I do—for the sake of friendship. Except it’s more than that. We’re tied together. I tolerate her because I have no choice.

Sighing, I enter into the game. “What do you want, Ceeley?” It’s a double-edged question that fits the scene we’re playing, as well as our personal play.

“I wanted to personally thank Alayna for this whole charade.” There’s a gleam in Celia’s eye and I find myself worrying for Alayna. She held her own against my mother’s bitchy insults. Can she handle Celia as well?

I tense as she leans toward Alayna. “You can’t know how dreadful the idea of marrying that pain in the ass has been,” she says with a teasing grin.

Alayna returns a nervous smile. “Um, I can imagine. He’s not the settling-down type.”

Her statement bothers me. It shouldn’t, because it’s true. This strange connection with Alayna has made me forget who I am. I take my hand from her leg. Maybe that will make it easier to remember.

“Wow,” Celia laughs. “You already know him so well.”

“It’s nice to talk to someone else who knows,” Alayna says.

“But isn’t Hudson amazingly good at pretending?” Celia’s line is for me. It’s a game within a game within a game. She’s pushing my buttons and I have no idea what her motive is.

And Alayna’s caught in the middle. “He is. Quite good.”

I don’t like Alayna’s subtext. Does she think that what we have isn’t real? I can’t defend our relationship. Not here in front of Celia. But I can’t get us out of here.

“I’d love to continue this wonderfully entertaining conversation, but I see someone I need to talk some business with.” I stand and hold my hand out. “Alayna?”

She doesn’t move. “Go ahead, H. I’ll hang with Celia.”

“We’ll be fine,” Celia insists. “And we’ll end our conversation with a pretend catfight if you want to up the charade.”

What I want is to pull my lover out of her chair and drag her away from my so-called friend. Can I really leave them together? “No catfight. In my script, you’re friendly toward each other.”

“Then she and I should sit and chat, since we’re supposed to be friends.” Celia winks at Alayna, and my fist balls at my side. “Right, Alayna?”

“Right.” Alayna returns the wink. “And since we’re friends, you should call me Laynie.”

Aw, fuck. Celia’s good—I forget that sometimes. Why wouldn’t Alayna fall under her spell?

I have no choice but to leave them. Together. Alone. “Friendly, not friends.” I take a deep breath but it doesn’t help. “Fine. I’ll be back shortly.”

Since I hadn’t really spotted a business associate, I make my way to the lobby bar. It’s crowded and I have to stand in line. While I wait, I send a text to my assistant to get some gourmet coffee and leave it at Alayna’s door. She’s wearing an elastic band to remind herself to get some, and if things go as I plan, she’ll be too worn out to get any later. Plus the gift will keep her thinking about me while I’m in Cincinnati the next few days.

My chest clenches at the thought of time without her. I consider asking her to come with me and quickly dismiss the idea. She has a job and I have my own work. I’ve never taken a woman on a business trip with me; why would I start now?

And what the fuck is Celia talking to Alayna about?

I’m anxious and on edge. When I get my Scotch, I down it quickly. The burn feels good, feels appropriate. It also does what I mean for it to do—it calms me.

Why am I worried about leaving Celia and Alayna alone anyway? Maybe it’s even a good thing. Celia will feel like she’s a part of the scheme. She’ll feed Alayna details that make our story more believable. There’s nothing that could go wrong.

Still, I can’t shake the feeling that everything’s at risk. Celia is the only person who can expose me. That’s never been a concern for me before. I’ve never cared what people knew about me. If someone discovered my sadistic experiments, what did it hurt me?

With Alayna, I care. I don’t want her to know my secrets. I want to protect her from that hideous side of me. I will protect her.

But then I see Alayna rushing toward the exit. I try to convince myself she’s simply looking for me, that my mother came back and delivered a snide remark. Except my mother is standing on the other side of the foyer and has been there the whole time I’ve been at the bar.

I reach out and gently take Alayna’s arm. “Where are you going?”

She throws me off of her. “Don’t touch me!”

“Whoa.” I put my hands up in surrender. There’s no way this can be what I imagine it to be. No way would Celia tell her this was all a scam. So I just have to figure out what really happened and then I can make it right. “What’s wrong with you?”

“What’s wrong with you would be the more appropriate question.” Alayna’s eyes dart to the door.

“Alayna.” I hush my voice and step toward her. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but you’re making a scene. You need to calm down and save whatever this is for later.”

I start to take her elbow, but she pulls away. “There isn’t going to be a later—I quit.” She runs past me and out the doors.

“Alayna!” I don’t care that I’m shouting as I follow her outside. I don’t even care that my mother is watching all of this. All that matters is stopping Alayna.

I’m about to reach for her again when she turns to me on her own. Her eyes are filled with tears and my stomach tightens. What has hurt her? I know somehow that it’s me and I can’t bear to hear it from her lips. Yet I need to know.

“Tell me, Hudson, did you pick me because you thought my obsession issues would make your game more fun? Because really, where’s the challenge in that?”

Rage travels through me like a bolt of lightning. “Fuck Celia and her big mouth.” A million questions flood my mind—how much did Celia say? Why would she reveal our scam? How the hell do I fix this?

I step toward Alayna. She backs away. I soften my approach, reaching out to her with words. “Let’s talk about this in the limo.”

“I don’t want—”

“Alayna. It’s not fair of you to listen to a stranger tell her story and not give me a chance to explain.” I don’t know how to beg, so I command. “I’m telling you we will talk about this in the limo which is parked in the lot next door. First, because my mother is watching, I’m going to bend down and kiss your forehead. Then I’m going to walk over and tell her that you aren’t feeling well. I will meet you in the car.”

She peers over my shoulder, likely confirming my mother’s standing at the doors behind us. Then she gives a slight nod. I lean in and kiss her on the forehead and wonder if this will be our last kiss.

No. I will not allow that. “The limo, Alayna,” I say. “I’ll meet you there.”

Alayna heads to the lot. I pull my phone from my pocket as I turn back toward the doors and text Jordan. Get Alayna. Meet me in front.

My mother meets me as I walk in. “Trouble with your plaything already? That didn’t last long.”

My eye twitches and all the anger I feel toward Celia makes it hard to remain civil with my mother. “Alayna’s not feeling well. She hasn’t built up a tolerance to the poison in this environment like the rest of us have. I’m taking her home and putting her to bed.” I let her assume what she wants about that statement. “I’ll be back in time to present your precious Pierce Industries donation check.”

I’m gone again before she can respond.

Jordan reaches the curb just as I do. I climb in the back, and the car pulls into traffic.

Alayna presses into the corner farthest from me as if she’s disgusted with me. As if she’s frightened of me.

I wish she knew I’d never hurt her. But how could she possibly know that when I’m not even sure of that myself?

I pressed the intercom. “Jordan, drive around until I say otherwise. Or find someplace to park for a while.”

We sit in silence as Jordan drives around. I don’t know how to begin the conversation. If I knew exactly what she was upset about, I’d fare better, but I have no idea what Celia said or did. Whatever it was, I have to figure out how to make things right.

It occurs to me that the best move might be to come clean about everything. Alayna’s already said she’s quitting the scam. She’s already walking out of my life. Yet, I hold out hope that I can change that. If I confessed everything—there would be no making that right.

Instead, I’ll have to tread carefully. Figure out what I can from Alayna and repair the damage as best I can. I keep my voice low and pray my desperation isn’t transparent. “What exactly did Celia tell you?”

“Oh, just how you fuck with vulnerable women’s emotions. Is it true?”

Every hair on my body stands on end, and I feel as though I’ve just stepped into a landmine. How could Celia…? Why would she…? I can’t gather my thoughts. I can’t reason what or why or how much of our game Celia has exposed.

“Alayna—” I slide closer to her and reach for her knee. I need her touch. That’s the way I communicate best with her.

But she isn’t having it. “Don’t touch me! And stop saying my name. Is it true?”

“Will you calm down so I can explain?” Though I have no idea yet what my explanation will be. I’m doing my best to keep calm, but energy gathers inside me, wanting to explode.

Her eyes blaze and she looks as worked up as I feel. “Is. It. True?” she demands.

The panic rising in my chest escapes in a burst. “Yes, it’s true!” And oh my God. I’ve said it out loud. I’ve disclosed the worst thing about me. I take a deep breath and attempt to regain control. “In the past, it was true.”

I can’t look at her, can’t see the disappointment that I feel shooting from her eyes. I shouldn’t say anything else, but now that the confessing’s started, I feel compelled to complete it. “I did...things...that I’m not proud of.” My admission is slow. Painful. “I manipulated people. I hurt them, and often it was deliberate.” I’m speaking as if my faults are in the past. And they are. At least they were. Is that still true?

I vow right then that it is true. I will not hurt Alayna deliberately. I may be trapped in this game, but I will do everything and anything to make sure that my actions with her are sincere. I meet her eyes and make the promise I will try my damndest to keep. “But not now. I don’t do that now. Not with you.”

I pray that she believes me.

She doesn’t. “Really? Because it seems completely obvious that you did exactly that with me. The way you picked me out at the symposium, and you tracked me down and gave me a spa vacation, and Jesus, you bought the club!”

I shake my head. “It’s not like that. I explained the gift, and I was looking at the club anyway.” I’m already breaking my promise, already manipulating truths. “When I found out you worked there, yes, it helped me make my decision—”

She cuts me off. “And you ‘hired’ me and seduced me. And when I told you I needed to not have sex with you, you somehow got me to do exactly that. You are manipulative. You’re a bully, Hudson.”

She wraps her arms around herself, and more than anything, I wish it were me wrapped around her. But her words are ringing in my ear—manipulative, bully.

“No, Alayna. I didn’t want that with you.” But, God, she’s right. I’ve tried to have my cake and eat it too. Tried to get near her with my games, and then tried to protect her from them at the same time. It was a ridiculous plan. “I don’t want to be like that with you.”

But it’s the only way I know how to be with her. With anyone.

“Then what do you want to be with me, Hudson?” She wipes at her tears, and I have to hold myself back from kissing them from her face.

“Honestly? I’m not sure.” It’s the truest thing I’ve said. I lean back against the seat, and though I’m physically here in my limousine, I’m also completely lost. I’ve never been so without answers. Not just today with the mess that Celia has created, but since the very first day I saw Alayna.

Why her? Why now? Has therapy actually changed me? Is that why she makes me feel the way she does? Because as scared as I am to admit it, that’s exactly what’s going on with Alayna—I’m feeling. She makes me feel. What, I can’t say. I’m not familiar enough with these sensations to explain any of it.

It strikes me as funny. Why, after all my life of never feeling anything for anyone, this woman shows up and throws all my truths out the window. It’s ironic. Comical even.

So I laugh. Then I attempt to put it into words, for both our sakes. “I’m drawn to you, Alayna. Not because I want to hurt you or make you feel a certain way, but because you’re beautiful and sexy and smart and, yes, a little crazy maybe, but you’re not broken. And that makes me hopeful. For me.”

And, God doesn’t that feel fucking good to say? It’s raw. It’s real. It’s the freest I’ve ever been.

I glance at her and know from the way she’s watching me that I have her attention. I have her sympathy. At another time in my life, this is the moment where I’d inwardly celebrate. This is the prime moment to take advantage of someone else.

I could reach out to her, and I’m willing to bet she’d let me do what I’d like with her. Only a day before, I probably would have. I regret that now. “And maybe I’ve been a bully. But I’m a dominant person. I can try to change things about me, but the fundamentals of my personality are never going away.” That acknowledgment brings another rush of freedom, and I realize that Alayna likely gets this as well as I do. “You of all people should be able to understand that.”

“I’m sorry.” Her voice cracks. “I’m sorry. You didn’t judge me and I judged you.”

Her apology returns me to my prison. The reprieve from my guilt was brief. Now I remember that no matter what I feel or intend or wish to have happen between her and me, we got here because I set her up. My remorse is so heavy, I can’t speak. All I can do is nod once.

She assumes my response is acceptance. “And I exaggerated when I called you a bully. I haven’t done anything I didn’t want to. And your whole confident, domineering thing is actually kinda hot.”

I want to smile. But I won’t let myself. There’s still too much at stake. I squeeze my eyes shut, focusing all my strength and will on the thing I want—need—most. “Alayna, don’t quit. Don’t quit me.”

And I don’t mean the scenario I’ve hired her for. I mean me. I want her to have as much faith in me as I do in her. It’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever desired, and I’ve never desired anything more.

She looks away, and I already know her answer. “Hudson, I have to. Not because of this, well, not only because of this, but because of my past. I’m not well enough to be with someone who has his own issues.”

“You are, Alayna. You only tell that to yourself because you’re scared.” It’s me I’m talking about, but I suspect she feels the same.

“I should be scared. It’s not safe. For either of us. You should be scared, too.”

If she only knew how scared I am. I’m terrified of what I’ve done—of what I’m doing—but more than anything, I’m terrified that I will lose whatever it is that I have with her.

But maybe she’s right. This is what I want for her—to be strong like this. I let out a heavy breath and think about what she’s said. And I realize I don’t agree. “I don’t believe that. I think spending time with another person who has similar compulsive tendencies can provide insight and healing.” Because in this brief time with her, I’ve had more insight and healing than I’ve had in almost three years with Dr. Alberts.

Alayna leans her head back against the seat and stares at the ceiling. I’ve given her a lot to think about, I’m sure. I’ve given myself a lot to think about. But the only word that keeps repeating in my head now is please. Please don’t let me lose this. Please don’t let me lose her.

“I won’t quit.” Her words jump-start my heart. She turns to face me. “But I can’t have a relationship with you, Hudson. All I can give you is the fake. I have to protect myself here.”

I’m sick with disappointment. “I understand.” I say it again to myself, hoping this time I accept it. “Thank you.”

And since she’s ended us—ended the only part of us that matters—I pull myself together, closing myself off. Shutting her out.

Then she places a hand on my knee and leans in. “Hudson, you’re not broken.”

I begin to falter when I catch sight of her cleavage. What I see under her dress surprises me. “What are you...? Is that...?” I swear she’s wearing the corset I’d admonished her for the day we’d first properly met. Though it was inappropriate for work, I’d mentioned how much I’d love to see her in it again, privately.

She blushes. “Yes. I’d worn it for you.”

“Wow. That was…that was very thoughtful of you.” The moment is inopportune, but I’m instantly hard. Actually, I suspect that everything I’ve bared and everything she’s said has helped contribute to how much I want her now. She always turns me on. But now I need her in a way that is all-consuming.

Yet, I can’t have her. Even though her eyes flicker with the same need, I know that I’ll hurt us both if I don’t respect what she’s asked for.

“I’m sorry,” she says.

As if she has anything to be sorry for. “I know. I am too.” I remain caught up in her gaze for a minute. Everything I want to see is there, including the way she sees me.

But it’s not real and it can’t last. I have to move on. “This may be poor timing, but I need to get back to my mother’s show.”

“Sure.”

“And since you’re supposed to be sick, you will need to go home.”

I direct Jordan to drive to Alayna’s apartment and discover we’re nearly there already. It’s a good thing—I can’t be with her much longer without going crazy. But I also wish I could gather every second until she leaves me and stretch them infinitely.

“When is our next show, boss?” she asks.

Celia and I had planned the symphony to be the next event on our agenda. She went off script today, so I don’t feel obligated to stick to our plans. Even though the damage has been done, I’d also like to keep Alayna and Celia as far from each other as possible.

So I don’t mention the symphony to Alayna. “I’m not sure. I have to fly to Cincinnati tonight.” I frown. “And I am not your boss.”

“Cincinnati? Tonight?” She sounds disappointed.

“Yes, tonight. I have a meeting first thing in the morning. My jet’s leaving early evening.” My mother has invited us to the beach house later that week. That I’ll be unable to get out of. “I’ll text you later to arrange the Hamptons. We’ll leave Friday afternoon.”

“So you’ll be gone all week?”

“I’m not sure yet.” I’m supposed to be back by Wednesday, but I don’t tell her that. It’s best for both of us if she thinks I’m not in town.

“Oh.” She sounds disappointed. But I’ve turned everything off now. Years of not feeling and it’s old hat to return to numb. So it doesn’t hurt when we arrive at her place and she gets out of the car.

Or maybe it does hurt, but it’s so deep inside, buried so far, that I find a way to ignore it.

I can’t ignore her pain though. It’s written all over her face, all over her carriage. I call her back before she’s gone too far. “Thank you for today. I think you’ve truly made an impression on my mother. Good work.” It’s nothing of what I want to say, but it’s all I allow myself.

Then Jordan drives away, and instead of thinking about all that I’m leaving behind, I concentrate on what is waiting before me until all my emotion—all my rage and anger and bitterness—is focused on Celia.





The fashion show has started when I return to the Manhattan Center. I know where Celia’s sitting, thank God, and I’m grateful that it’s near the back of the room. When I reach her, I tap her on the shoulder to get her attention then not so gently assist her up from her chair. She doesn’t fight me as I escort her to the lobby and to the coatroom. It’s summer, so it’s not in use.

I can’t help but think of the last coatroom I was in. It was with Alayna at The Sky Launch—I’d barely been able to control my passion with her. Now it’s my temper that’s barely controlled.

After locating the light and shutting the door behind us, I turn on Celia. “What the fuck did you do?” My tone is threatening and wild.

She rolls her eyes at me. “Oh, chill out. I hadn’t had a chance to get to know our subject. I was simply feeling her out.” She takes a seat on the bench in the middle of the room.

“You told her my secrets.” Her lack of concern, her docile temperament, fuels me. She’s fucked me over and isn’t at all afraid of my retaliation. I search for something she’ll find meaningful. “You practically ruined your own scheme by telling her something that we aren’t even supposed to talk about. Ever!” I’m yelling. It’s very unlike me. As if I’m not only feeling new emotions because of Alayna, but feeling old ones deeper and with less inhibition.

With only a mildly surprised look on her face, Celia starts a slow, exaggerated clapping. “Wow, Hudson. You’re angry. I’m impressed.”

She’s pushing my fury. But her recognition of my temper puts me in check. Emotions, I remember, make people weak. I’m extremely vulnerable in this situation, and Celia is not the person who should witness this.

I throw a hand through my hair and rein in my rage. “I get angry. This isn’t new.” I’m noticeably calmer, playing off my outburst.

“You never get this angry. If you do, you don’t let it show.” She places her palms on either side of her and leans back to study me. “Did that therapist of yours finally teach you how to feel?”

She’s poking at me, needling me, and in a flash of clarity, I understand what it’s like to be on the other end of a manipulative attack. The realization weakens me, and I have to sit. I fall on the bench next to Celia.

I have to get myself together. Get myself in the dominating position. I take a deep breath, and let it out slowly. “I’m just…out of practice at this. And you’re changing the rules without consulting me. I’m frustrated.” Another breath in and out.

“Understandable, I suppose.” She’s watching me with eagle eyes. “But I didn’t change the rules. I saw a flaw in our scenario and I improvised. Same as we always do.”

I’m cautious, but this piques my interest. “What flaw?”

She shifts so she’s angled toward me. “The girl is doe-eyed about you, Hudson. It’s obvious she’s going to fall apart over you, and while that’s the expectation, this was going to be entirely too easy.” She runs a finger between her brows. “So I injected a little challenge. That’s all.”

Another rush of emotion washes over me. I’m angry again. Angry that Celia is playing with Alayna like this, molding her, bouncing her back and forth. “Making the experiment more challenging? Since when was that something we’d aspired to?”

She shrugs. “This is your first game in a long time. I wanted to make it good for you.”

It’s plausible. Her motives could very well be to keep me interested. God knows she’s been trying to reel me back in for years.

But I know Celia better than that. The challenge is for her. And I’m still not entirely sure that was the reason for exposing me to Alayna. I just can’t determine her true aim.

More composed now, I attempt to figure it out. “That was quite a risk you took. She almost quit the whole thing.”

Celia delivers a confident smirk. “But she didn’t. Did she?”

“Only because I convinced her not to. If it hadn’t been for me, she would be gone.” A tug of guilt—I should have let her walk away. Whatever happens now between Celia and Alayna is my fault.

But wasn’t it always?

Celia crosses a leg over the other and clasps her hands at her knee. “If it hadn’t been for you, she wouldn’t be so enamored in the first place.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Just that the scheme would have worked more objectively if you hadn’t fucked her.”

There it is—her true motive. She’s not happy about my personal relationship with Alayna. Is it jealousy? Or just pure spite? “You’ve never cared if I fucked them before.”

“And I still don’t. Except when it messes with the hypothesis.” She stands, straightening her skirt as she does. Then she turns to face me. “Your extracurricular activities are your own business. Keep up your fun if you prefer. But realize that what you do with Alayna Withers outside our plan has the power to affect the outcome.”

“It’s a little late for that sentiment. You’ve effectively ended any extracurricular activities, as you like to call it.” I know that despite Celia’s animosity or jealousy or whatever, she’s actually done Alayna a favor. There is a connection between her and me, and Celia’s right that our sex life is only hurting Alayna’s chances at remaining strong. I’ve known this for quite some time, yet I didn’t have the strength on my own to end things as I should.

This is for the best, as devastating as it is for me to live with.

Celia recognizes my disappointment. She crosses behind me and strokes a hand through the hair at my temple. “I’m sorry, Hudson. I really am. I probably shouldn’t have intervened as I did. I just know that you have faith that Alayna will come out of this strong, and with the road you had chosen, that was simply not going to happen.” She leans down and hugs me from behind, her mouth at my ear. “I did it for you. To give your thesis a fighting chance. Forgive me?”

I tense under her touch. We’ve had physical contact over the years, growing comfortable enough with each other to kiss and embrace when scenarios called for it. But now, her arms around me feel like shackles. She has a hold on me, I realize. And I have no idea how to break free.

Pushing out of her embrace, I stand and spin to her. “Don’t pretend this was for me, Celia. You forget I know you. You wanted to make the game more challenging—well, you did just that. Good luck with the rest of this going the way you’d like.”

I head to the door, but she calls after me. “The symphony on Thursday? It’s still our next outing, correct?”

I’m still committed to my vow to keep Alayna from Celia, but an outright refusal will only goad my partner. “I’ll see what I can do, but I’m making no promises.”

Later, in the limo as Jordan drives me home to change before my flight, I have my first taste of loneliness. I miss Alayna. I want to see her, to touch her, to hear her voice.

But mixed in with the loneliness is a measure of affection. It’s not anything I understand. All I know is that I care more for Alayna’s well-being in the moment than for mine. So when her text arrives, I ignore my impulse to respond. I need to help her let me go.

I read it one more time. “Thanks for the coffee. And for everything else.”

And then I push delete.





Chapter Thirteen





The next few days are painful. I work punishing hours, throwing all my energy into solving the problems at Plexis. But the nights are long and lonely. Neither alcohol nor jerking off relieves any of my need. If I were a subject in one of my own experiments, my point would be proved—affinity toward another person makes one flawed. Still, as miserable and weak as I am now, I wouldn’t give up the moments I’ve shared with Alayna.

I’d planned to fly directly to Chicago on Wednesday for another meeting regarding Plexis on Thursday morning, but I come back to Manhattan late Tuesday night instead. It’s harder to fight my desire to run to her, but I find comfort being in the same city. I spend the night in the loft, and thoughts of our time together accompany me as I drift in and out of a fitful sleep.

First thing Wednesday morning, I receive a report from Jordan. He’s still driving Alayna and, more importantly, still reporting back to me. His report is somewhat banal, except that I note Alayna’s stopped by Pierce Industries the last two days. Her behavior might be written off as meaningless to someone else, but I understand things about her that others don’t. I wonder if her visits are an indication of falling into past habits.

The idea worries me. It’s a minor win for Celia.

At the same time, I’m blanketed by a warm tingle that is almost comforting. It’s a shitty thing to take joy in, but I’m not triumphing in her setbacks. I’m hopeful, instead, that her actions indicate something else—that I mean something to her. That I’m on her mind. That she feels some affection toward me as I feel toward her.

Though why it matters is beyond me.

It’s after an impromptu lunch meeting with one of my advertising teams that I see her. I’ve walked my associates to the elevator, one of the men finishing a joke as the doors open.

And there she is.

“Alayna.” Even saying her name is a treat I’ve denied myself. I’m dizzy at the sight of her, but I’m aware of where we are and of what our relationship is, and I manage to keep much of my surprise to myself.

She’s frozen, a deer-in-the-headlights expression written all over her face. I hold a hand out to her. She takes it and I’m elated. How simple to be thrilled at only the touch of a woman’s hand? It’s ridiculous and wonderful all at once.

I turn to my team. “Gentlemen, my girlfriend has decided to surprise me with a visit to my office.”

The men make some wisecrack that I miss because I’m completely absorbed in her smile. Completely absorbed in her.

The next few minutes are a blur, but finally, I have Alayna with me in my office. Alone.

Nothing about this is a good idea.

With great strength, I drop my hand and distance myself from her physically and figuratively. “What are you doing here, Alayna?”

She doesn’t look at me. That helps.

As she works out her answer, I study her. I understand her, I think. The feeling of wanting to be near someone and knowing you shouldn’t be. Yeah, I get that.

After a while, she hugs her arms around herself and takes a deep breath. “I, uh, I wanted to see if you were back.”

This is difficult for her. It’s difficult for me too. “I got back late last night. You could have called. Or texted.” It’s impressive that I can seemingly remain so cold about her presence when in reality I’m spinning with elation.

“You don’t answer my texts.”

“I didn’t answer one text.”

A tear runs down her cheek. “It was my only text.”

Our eyes remain locked, and I find myself slipping into examination mode. I’m collecting data—the vulnerability in the way she stands, the frailty in her voice, the weight of her tears. But unlike the other times I’ve studied women in the same position, I’m moved by her. I can’t stay hard with her, even if it’s what’s best for both of us, and I falter. “I didn’t realize it was important to you. I’ll make a better effort to respond in the future.”

She gapes.

I’ve surprised her as much as myself, and I fear my softening has done irreparable damage. I straighten, assuming a commanding position. “But you can’t just come here like this. How do you think it looks to have my girlfriend wandering around the lobby, riding the elevators when I’m not even in town?”

“How did you…?”

“I pay people to know things, Alayna.”

More tears fall. “I…I’m sorry. I couldn’t help myself.”

“Please, don’t do it again.” I’m ripped apart. I want to pull her in my arms, not admonish her.

Her forehead wrinkles in confusion. “Why are you being like this?”

“Like what?” I’m as confused as she is. Was I too stern? I thought I’d been gentle. Well, as gentle as I could be without betraying us both.

But she’s sobbing now. “I’ve fucked things up, Hudson! You should be calling your security to escort me out. I’m a mess, and you’re taking it all in stride.”

I step toward her, hating the space between us. “No.” God, how I want to touch her. “That’s what I meant about being around someone who understands. I know about compulsion. I know about having to do things you know you shouldn’t.”

Not able to help myself, I reach forward and wipe a tear from her cheek, my hand lingering there longer than necessary. “When you feel you can’t help yourself, talk to me first.”

Am I deluding myself? Thinking that somehow we could be like this together—healing each other, fixing each other? Is it really that far-fetched? If I forget about Celia and the game and only concentrate on us—on me and Alayna—it almost seems…possible.

She meets my gaze, and I think she feels the same. Where could this take us? I wonder…

But then my secretary’s voice echoes over the intercom. “Mr. Pierce, your one-thirty is here.”

Reality enters and I remember that the space between us is for her own good. I sigh and drop my hand from her face. I miss the warmth of her skin already. “I apologize for cutting this short, Alayna, but I have another meeting now. And I’m leaving again this evening.”

She doesn’t hide her disappointment, though I’m not sure which part of what I’ve said bothers her. Then she says, “I hate that you’re leaving. It makes me feel a little distraught.”

I feel like a Christmas tree the way all my nerves light up at that small admission. “I’ll be back tomorrow.” I squeeze her hand. “Join me tomorrow night for the symphony.”

I’m selfish. I’m sadistic. I’m sending her to slaughter. But I’m elated because it’s less than thirty hours and I’ll be with her again.

The euphoria follows me through the rest of the day, and when Alayna texts me later, I answer. When her message asks, “Are you thinking of me?” I don’t hesitate and answer honestly, “Always.”





My plane is delayed leaving Chicago, and I’m late for the symphony. I’m anxious as I rush through the lobby at Lincoln Center. Not only am I eager to see Alayna, but I’m going crazy imagining all the shit Celia could have stirred up in my absence. Luckily, Madge and Warren are also in attendance. Hopefully their presence will keep their daughter in check.

I enter our box just as the lights go down. Alayna’s back is to me, but even just the nape of her neck and the curve of her shoulders is enough to make my cock twitch and my chest warm. I can tell that she’s wearing the dress I requested. Though I can’t see how she looks in it now, I know from memory how the long black gown hugs her curves, how the corset ties that lace up her back are going to be a bitch to untie when I strip her later.

Except I’m not stripping her later. I have to remember that’s not what she’s asked for.

My phone buzzes with an incoming text and I glance at it. It’s from Alayna. “Where are you?”

I slip down the steps to my chair and lean toward her to whisper in her ear as I sit. “Right beside you.”

The music begins as I nod a greeting to the Werners, but all I’m aware of is Alayna. The look of her, the warmth of her, the smell of her—it’s all consuming. She doesn’t want anything but the pretend between us, but I take her hand and justify it as a part of the show for Celia’s parents. I hold it, clinging to her touch until intermission. If this is all I have of her, I’ll soak up every last bit.

We do well with our performance as a couple. The Werners seem to buy our relationship. I’m concerned when Alayna accompanies Celia and Madge to the restroom, but I can’t do anything to prevent them from using the facilities. My eyes dart from Warren to the box entrance the entire time they’re gone.

Warren notices. “Ah, young love,” he says. “I remember when I couldn’t stand being without Madge. In fact, forget young—I still feel that way.”

I nod. Love, he said. I spin the word in my head. It has no meaning to me. The way he seems to feel about his wife is nothing I’ve ever witnessed between my parents. And, yes, I’m keen to have Alayna by my side again. But that’s not called love. Is it?

When they return from the bathroom, Alayna seems on edge. She’s needy, touching me as often as she can. She slides her hand under my suit jacket, and I’m hopeful that it means she may be willing to give us another chance.

But if she is, it’s a bad idea for me to pursue it, and an even worse idea to let Celia know. So I limit my contact with Alayna to hand-holding, even though I am just as desperate to touch her as it seems she is to touch me. As the music plays, I convince myself a million times that I will not take her back to the loft. And just as many times, I convince myself I will. Whichever will win, I don’t know, but at least Celia won’t be privy to it.

After the concert, we all walk to the parking garage together. I keep my arm around Alayna, but I can’t look at her. The touching is supposed to be show, but if she peers into my eyes, I’m afraid she’ll see how very real this all is for me. I’m afraid it will be witnessed by my partner in crime. It’s a balancing act that I manage but only barely.

At my car, I put Alayna in the passenger seat and then say goodbye to the Werners. Celia leans in to hug me. “You’ve backed off. I’m impressed,” she whispers in my ear.

“I could say the same.” I whisper back, though I doubt that she’s backed off anything and I’m not at all impressed. She laughs. My gut constricts at the sound. She takes such pleasure in this game while I’m struggling, playing both sides.

But I don’t want to think about Celia any longer. Now I get to be alone with Alayna, and I have to decide what that’s going to mean.

We’re quiet as we drive out of the garage, snippets of the symphony replaying in my mind. I use this time to let go of the tension the evening has caused. I also resume the internal war—do I take her to her home or to the loft? From what I can read of Alayna, she’s equally conflicted. Since she’s unaware of all the risks involved in our relationship, it’s up to me to make the informed decision.

I’ve made up my mind by the time we’ve gotten to the road. It’s not a decision that makes me completely comfortable, but it’s the only one I can live with.

While I’m working out how to tell Alayna, she breaks the silence. “So you knew Celia would be there tonight.”

Her tone is harsh, and it surprises me.

“I knew Celia would be there with her parents, yes.” I throw a glance at her, trying to understand her angle. “Her parents, whom are friends with my parents, remember.”

She’s upset with me. I’m not sure why. Or she’s upset with herself. She knocks her head softly against the window, and I catch her dabbing at a tear.

“What’s wrong?” Maybe there was more to the restroom trip with Celia and Madge than I realized. I’m already making plans of what I’ll do to Celia next time I see her.

But Alayna surprises me again. “I want you,” she whispers into the glass.

She’s said it so quietly that I doubt what I heard. “Alayna?”

“I know what I said.” She wipes her eyes. “But maybe I was wrong. I mean, I don’t know if you’re right—if spending time with you can make me better. But I know that since we’ve been apart, I’ve been worse.” She looks at me and there’s the light again. The light I’ve been longing for that shines only in her eyes.

“I miss you.” She giggles. “Told you I get attached.”

I’m relieved. I’d made the right decision, and even more comforting is that she’s admitted she’s attached. I don’t even care what that means for Celia’s scam. Because what it means for me is everything.

I can’t hide my delight. “Where do you think I’m taking you?”

She looks out the window. I can tell the exact moment she realizes we’re headed for the loft. A blush shades her cheeks. “Oh.”

Then she thinks about it more. “I told you no more sex, and you were taking me to the loft without asking?” Irritation’s spun with her words.

“Alayna,” I sigh. God, our situation is frustrating. She’s frustrating. “You are a bundle of mixed signals. At the symphony, you seemed to indicate—”

“And you totally blew me off. Don’t talk to me about mixed signals!”

Of course that’s what she thinks. She didn’t understand my motives. How could she?

I rest a hand on her knee. “I was trying to avoid mixing business with pleasure. A difficult task with you, precious.” I need her to know how she affects me. I would prefer to show her, but since I’m driving, I have to try words. “Especially with your wandering hands and how hot you look in that dress.”

She softens. “Oh.”

“If you want me to ask, I will, though you know it’s not my style.” She stares at me, wide eyed, so I force myself to ask what I never ask. “May I take you to my bed, Alayna?”

“Yes,” she moans, and I’ve never been so grateful for a traffic light. I pull her to me. I’m greedy with my kiss. Forget manners or niceties. I’m going to fuck her how we both need to fuck tonight—with desperation and need. This kiss is the prelude.

A horn interrupts us, prodding me to drive. My dick is as hard as stone, and I can barely concentrate, but somehow I manage to get to the Pierce Industries building without killing us. I hand my keys to the valet. Then we’re in the elevator. We tease each other on the ride up, and as soon as we’re in the loft, I have her pressed against the wall. I cradle her face with my hands, and I kiss her. Greedily, hungrily, with abandon.

While I worship her with my mouth, she strokes me through my clothing. Then she works my cock free, stripping me of my pants and briefs. She sinks to her knees, and before I can think about it, she has me in her mouth. I gasp, tugging on the strands of her hair. “God, Alayna. That’s so…ah…so good.”

And it is. It’s pleasure upon pleasure the way her tongue licks my crown, the way her mouth sucks my shaft into her warmth. I’m dizzy, my thighs clenching as I get harder and my orgasm gets closer.

But while she’s amazing, while everything she does to me is amazing, I don’t want this from her. I’ve been blown so many times by so many women. I’ve taken from them—taken, taken, taken. I don’t want to be like that with Alayna. I want to give to her. I want to pleasure her. At the very least, I want to come with her, in her. I don’t want to be the only one on the receiving end.

So I stop her.

She’s bewildered, disappointed, maybe. “Did I do something wrong?” she asks.

It’s part of her beauty—how naïve she can be without being innocent. This is about me, though, and I need to alleviate her fears. “No, precious. Your mouth is amazing.” I kiss her again, the salty taste of my pre-cum still on her lips. “But I need to come inside your cunt. I’ve been thinking about it for days.”

Then we’re lost in each other again. By the time we’ve struggled through stripping each other of the rest of our clothes, we’re both so eager and impatient that we can’t wait any longer. I lift her, urging her legs to wrap around my waist. I pause, my cock poised at her pussy. I’m sure she’s not wet enough, but she invites me to take her anyway.

I can’t help myself—I do, driving into her with a deep thrust. She’s raw at first, and so tight, but I ram into her over and over until she loosens and I slide in her easily. It’s insane that I can fuck her like this—holding her while pounding into her so intently, and I have to credit pure adrenaline and lust. The erotic sounds of her moans and our thighs slapping and the fuck-hot sight of her breasts bouncing in front of me fuel my desire. “So…damn…good,” I tell her. “You feel…so…damn…good.”

I’m close, so close, and if she doesn’t go over with me, I’ll be wrecked. I turn her to the wall, using it as a brace to hold her up while I help to get her there too, rubbing her clit as I continue to pound into her with my cock. “Come with me, Alayna,” I urge. “Come.”

Her thighs shake around me and that’s how I know she’s at the breaking point. Then she throws her head back and lets out the most beautiful sound—a euphoric sort of keening. Her nails dig into my back as her cunt milks me. It’s so goddamn hot and I’m there too. I call her name as I come inside of her, and in those simple three syllables, I give her credit for all that she does to me, not only physically but emotionally.

She can’t possibly understand everything I mean by the stating of her name. In that post-orgasmic state, while the whooshing is still in my ears and my legs are still numb, I hope that one day she will understand. That she’ll know how much she means to me, how much she’s changing me. How much more I’m willing to change for her.

We’re both still panting when she says, “Can we do that again?”

Does she even have to ask? Of course we can do it again. I make a show of telling her, though, looking at my watch before I respond. “You have to be at work at one? I think we can manage to do that again twice.”

I take her mouth again, not trying to start things up, but rather to cool me down. Her lips are swollen, and my kiss is tender. When my heart rate resumes a normal speed, I break away.

After leading her to the couch, I start toward the kitchen. “Water or iced tea?” I call over my shoulder.

“Water, please.”

I grab a bottle and take a long swallow before returning to her. She’s curled up in the corner of the sofa, hugging her knees. I hate that she still hides her nakedness from me, but it’s adorable at the same time. As if she can actually hide anything from me.

I hand her the bottle. She nods a thank you as she takes it, her forehead wrinkled as if she’s thinking. She has a sip then asks. “Could you really do that? Go again twice?”

“What do you think?” I could go all night with her. She’s the first woman that I can say that about. I can never get enough of Alayna.

Her brown eyes flash with sass. “I think you’d like to think you can.”

My eyes narrow. “You don’t have to challenge me to get me to prove it, precious.” I’m semi-hard already.

“Oh, really?” Her eyes dart to my cock and it grows harder under her gaze.

I take the bottle from her hand and set it on the coffee table before I pounce on top of her. She squeals but easily obeys when I urge her to stretch out her body beneath mine.

“Be careful who you’re playing with, Alayna.” I nip at her jawline. “I assure you, I’m the one who will come out of this on top.”

I prove it by pinning her hands above her head while I kiss her senseless. Her hips wriggle to meet mine, but I keep my pelvis slightly off of hers, taunting her. Just as I’m about to get swept away with my teasing, I back off. There’s something I need to ask her, and I can’t wait any longer for the answer. “Why did you decide to resume this?”

It takes her a minute to understand my question. “The sex?” She blushes, moving her eyes from mine. “Well, besides the obvious reason—”

“Which is?”

“It’s fun.” Her blush deepens.

“Yes, you’re right. Quite obvious.” And quite fun. It’s her other answer I’m interested in, though. “And…?”

Now she meets my gaze, her dark browns penetrating me with their transparency, with their honesty. “And I trust you,” she says.

My throat goes dry and my heart feels like it’s dropped to my stomach. It’s not what I expected her to say in a million years, though what had I expected her to say? That she’d jumped back into bed with me because I’d bullied her? Because she couldn’t resist me? Because she was in love with me?

Most anything she could have said would have had its own repercussions to face, but any other answer would have been easier to take than this one.

It suddenly seems like there isn’t enough air, and I have to sit up. I gently maneuver her legs so I have a place to sit. And then, because I’m a masochist and I have to hear it all, I say, “Go on.”

“Well…” She curls her knees again as she thinks, but doesn’t use them to hide her breasts like she did before. She’s more comfortable—quite ironic considering how uncomfortable I feel at the moment. Thankfully, she doesn’t seem to notice.

“You said you were different now,” she says finally. “Different with me. And I realized that it doesn’t matter if it’s crazy or stupid to believe it. Because I believe it anyway. I believe you. I trust you. About this, I trust you.”

Again, she hits me with those piercing browns, and I feel like someone who’s standing before a judge waiting for his sentencing. It will either be freedom or execution, but the strange thing is that the verdict will be decided by me. By how I choose to respond to her frankness.

I already know what decision I’ll make, even before weighing my options.

There are so many reasons she shouldn’t trust me, of course, and not the least of which is that I’m currently lying and scamming her. This is a perfect opportunity to confess, and if I were decent at all, I would, even though it would certainly be the death of me.

But it’s not what I choose. Because in a very real way, I’ve been more honest with her than anyone in my entire life. Even with Celia, I smothered any emotion that ever began to creep into being. With Alayna, I’m letting that go, letting feelings slip into my existence. It’s changing me into someone who can be trusted. She’s changing me into someone who deserves those words—I trust you.

It moves me—her words, her presence, my transformation. It robs me of speech.

So I pull her into my lap and take up telling her in the way I know best—with my body. With our physical connection that transcends any connection I’ve had with another human being. I kiss her face, her eyelids, her cheeks, the curve of her jaw. Then, as my mouth travels along her neckline, I trail my hands down her sides, memorizing the lines of her ribs with my fingertips, gliding the slope of her hips with my palms.

I speak to her like this. My gestures in place of words. I’m learning for you, I say when I lick the rise of her shoulder. Your trust gives me a reason, I say as I tug her nipple to a peak. Don’t give up on me, I say as I slide my hand between her thighs to rub at her clit. I feel for you, as I lift her up and settle her on my cock.

Though I know nothing of love, I make love to her. Wholly. Completely. Undeniably.

She steadies herself with her hands on my shoulders as I buck into her and glide out. She’s warm and tight, and my crown knocks against her in a place that makes her writhe and makes my cock grow harder. She’s on top, but I control all the movement—the tempo, the force of my thrusts, the depth of my drive. It’s a love song that I sing to her, the way I hold her and kiss her and send her to a state of ecstasy, her breathy gasps the underscore. I make sure she comes—twice, even—before I grip my fingers into her hips and chase my own orgasm, reaching it when I least expect it with a sudden burst of euphoria.

It’s the sweetest sex has ever been for me. The most poetic. The most transformative.

As we settle together, spiraling down from bliss, I land in a space of clarity. I stop worrying if it’s going to be Alayna that falls apart from this affair and start accepting that it’s going to be me.





Chapter Fourteen





Before





Trying to ignore the Christmas music my mother had playing, I concentrated on entering some figures into a spreadsheet from one of the companies my father was letting me work on over the break. Plexis, a Pierce Industry subsidiary with a great outlook. If my modifications to the business plan were successful, the earnings for the coming year would far exceed what had been predicted. It was exciting enough to make spending time with my family over the holidays bearable.

“I don’t see any diamond ring size boxes under here,” my mother said behind me.

I glanced back to see her arranging the presents under the tree in the living room for the fifth time in an hour. There were more gifts than I’d ever seen growing up, and I bet that at least half of them were for the baby.

“There’s not going to be a ring, Mother. I’m not marrying Celia. I’ve told you that.”

“I keep hoping you’re trying to surprise me with a Christmas engagement.” She’d talked nonstop of marriage plans since Thanksgiving. I’d thought it would have been Celia’s parents driving a union. Turned out Sophia was even worse.

“I really wish I’d known what color to buy.” She added another gift to the heap. “I saved all the receipts though. In case you and Celia get sick of green and yellow.”

When I’d arranged for limited fathering of Celia’s child, I’d neglected to factor in my mother. Since we’d announced our news, Sophia had been a buzz of excitement. Every conversation stemmed around our child. Every day was another chance for her to dote on her unborn grandchild. It seemed she might not be drinking as much too, though that was hard to prove, especially when I’d been away at school for much of the last few weeks.

She moved a present from the back so that it was more visible. It was one I hadn’t seen before, the package shaped very much like a rocking horse. How long would it be before a kid could even use that? With a sigh, I turned back to my computer.

“I’m so glad Celia’s not going back to school next semester. I wish you were staying here.”

This was another conversation we’d had repeatedly. By phone and then at least twice a day since I’d come home for break. “Boston isn’t far. I’ll come up for every prenatal exam. I’ll make sure I’m here for the birth.”

“That’s what you keep saying. But labor can come on quickly. What if you missed it?”

I didn’t answer. Honestly, I’d be glad to miss it. Seeing Celia in a delivery room did not rank high on my-fun-things-to-do list. The rest, though—the exams, the ultrasounds, even the damn yellow and green layette—that I’d begun to look forward to with surprising enthusiasm. I was going to be a father. It didn’t matter that it wasn’t biologically mine. Because I’d claimed it, it was mine in every way that would ever matter.

Sophia didn’t seem to care that I hadn’t responded. “You know, we don’t have to wait until after Christmas for the gender reveal ultrasound. We could probably get in with one of those 3D ultrasound places. Should I call Celia and arrange it? My treat.”

“No.” I paused while I finished entering the formula I was working on. “Madge doesn’t trust those things. She wants to wait for her scheduled exam.”

“We don’t have to tell Madge.”

“Even if you are capable of keeping a secret from Madge, I don’t think Celia would want to go without her mother.”

“What I don’t understand is why you’re not more excited about it?” My mother’s voice came nearer as she spoke. Then she sat at the table next to me. “It’s your first child, Hudson. Take some more pride.”

Perhaps I needed to do a better job at mustering enthusiasm. My father, though, hadn’t shown much more excitement than me. No wondering why there. We’d never talked about it, but if he didn’t assume the baby could be his, then he was an idiot. Even if he believed I actually was responsible for Celia’s pregnancy, he had to be at least a little uncomfortable with the idea that he’d shared a woman with his son. It would bother me, anyway. But my father and I had obvious differences in what was socially acceptable and what wasn’t.

“I’m not very expressive,” I said, not looking up from my work. “It doesn’t mean I don’t feel things.” It was a line I’d stolen from some movie. Wouldn’t it have been something if it were actually true?

She put a hand on my arm. “I’m glad to hear that, Hudson. I used to worry you didn’t.”

My mother had never given any indication that she noticed my lack of emotional response. I typed in one more figure and shut my laptop. “What exactly worried you, Mother?”

“You, Hudson. You worried me.” She dropped her hand from my arm to the table. “Do you remember when you were twelve and you had those entrance exams for Choice Hill?”

I nodded. Choice Hill had been the elite middle school I’d gone to. The admissions process was a rigorous six-hour session of various IQ and personality tests. The children accepted were not only the wealthiest in Manhattan but also intellectually gifted.

“One of the psychologists that worked with you—” She furrowed her brow as if trying to remember something. After a few seconds, she waved her hand dismissively. “His name escapes me, but anyway, he suggested that you struggled with emotions. He recommended we had you tested further to rule out sociopathic tendencies or schizoid personality disorder or Asperger’s Syndrome. Because you had a blunted affect. Or experience avoidance. Or something like that. I don’t remember the terms.”

My heart thudded in my chest. This was the first time I’d heard any of this. “But I don’t remember being tested for anything.”

“Oh, no. You made it into the school, so we didn’t see any reason to pursue the issue further.”

I sat back in my chair, incredulous. “I made it into the school,” I repeated, “and so you didn’t see any reason to find out if your child might be suffering from a major psychological disorder?”

She rolled her eyes. “Don’t act like it’s such a big deal. You’re obviously fine.”

How on earth did she think I was fine? I’d been anything but fine. While I wasn’t particularly eager to experience the volatile, irrational emotions of my peers, I at least wanted to know what the fuck was wrong with me. What the hell made me so different?

My parents’ casual dismissal of a potential problem disturbed me most of all. Whatever my issues were, I at least knew how to feel anger. And I was exceptionally angry at the moment.

I hadn’t finished deciding whether or not to express my rage when the phone rang, making the decision for me. The housekeeper had the day off, so Mother got up to get it. By the tone of her “hello,” I knew it must be one of her friends.

I tuned her out, opening my laptop instead to do some internet searching. I’d just typed in “blunted affect” when my mother gasped. I looked across the room to her. She was shaking her head, her hand raised to clutch her chest. For a good second, I wondered if she was having a heart attack.

Then her eyes met mine. “Okay. Okay,” she kept saying into the receiver. “We’ll be there. We’re coming. See you soon.”

She hung up, and I saw that all the color had left her face. “Hudson. Hudson. Oh, no.”

My forehead creased. Was it Dad? He’d taken my siblings ice-skating at Rockefeller Center earlier. Or Mirabelle? Or Chandler?

Mother rushed toward me, and I stood to catch her. She was crying already as she buried her face in my shoulder. “It’s the baby,” she said into my sweatshirt. “Celia’s losing the baby. She’s at the hospital. We have to go.”

I never pushed return in the search field. The results for blunted affect never made it to my script. I didn’t need the internet to tell me whether or not I could feel. At that moment, all I felt was numb.





I watched the drip of the IV in a daze, the measured beeps of the heart monitor the only sound in the quiet, darkened room. Celia was sleeping. She had been for several hours. I hadn’t spoken to her or seen her awake since I’d arrived.

When my mother and I had gotten to the hospital, Celia had been in labor. The baby, we were told, was dead already.

After, she hadn’t wanted to see anyone. Madge and Warren gave us what little information they’d had. They’d gone to the ER when Celia’s water had broken. There, an ultrasound had failed to find the fetus’s heartbeat. The doctors guessed it had passed sometime two weeks before. Celia was admitted to the obstetrics ward. Labor continued naturally, and a few hours later, she’d delivered. It had been a boy.

I spent the evening comforting my mother in the waiting room. Eventually, my father arrived and took her home, where I guessed she’d mourn in the way she knew best—with a bottle of vodka. Though Celia still refused to see me, I stayed. Around midnight, the Werners said goodbye, promising they’d return first thing in the morning. That’s when I snuck in her room. I spent the night awake in an armchair by her bed. I had no reason to be there. I had no reason to go.

“Why are you here?” Celia’s voice drew me from my stupor.

I wiped my mouth and cleared my throat before trying to speak. “You’re awake.”

“I am.” She pushed a button, and the bed tilted her into a sitting position. “And you don’t need to be here. The façade is over. You can go.” Her tone was straight, empty of expression.

“I’m not leaving.”

“Why?”

I answered honestly. “I don’t know.”

She leaned her head back into the pillow, accepting my answer. She didn’t ask me to leave again, and something told me it was because she really didn’t want me to go.

Though I knew that conversation wasn’t necessary, I asked all the same, “How do you feel?”

She shrugged one shoulder. “Numb.”

That was an emotion I knew well. “That’s natural.”

“Is it?”

Who the fuck knew what natural was? Certainly not me. “I don’t really know, Celia. I assume it is.” She stared at me with blank eyes. So I said more. “I imagine it’s some sort of defense mechanism to the trauma. Do they know what happened?”

She started to shake her head and stopped. “One of the doctors told me—in private, when my parents weren’t in the room—that there appeared to be developmental issues. I asked if it could have been because….because I’d partied early on. I, uh, drank a lot. And there was drug use. Before I knew I was pregnant, of course. He said that he couldn’t be sure, but it was probably a contributing factor.”

Her voice was raw with the honesty—or perhaps it was the fact that she’d just awoken and the day before had been more than rough. Either way, I sensed I was the only person who would hear this truth.

And I had nothing to offer her in terms of comfort. I didn’t even try. I wondered, though, in the quiet that followed, if she blamed me. It seemed a reasonable reaction from what I’d learned about human behavior. She’d lost her child because of drug and alcohol use. She’d used because she’d been broken. She’d been broken by me. It was fair to say, then, that she’d lost her child because of me.

She wouldn’t have even been pregnant if not for me. It was easy to say her actions were her responsibility, but I had manipulated her for the exact reason of studying how she’d react. I did have culpability.

I didn’t feel guilty or even regretful, necessarily. I simply wondered if she blamed me. Even here in this inappropriate moment, I searched to understand the nuances of human psychology.

Celia broke the silence. “I’m sorry.”

“Why are you sorry?” Coming after my internal dialogue, her apology was particularly out of place.

She blinked several times, and I realized she was crying. “You aren’t really the father, but I feel like I need to say this to someone. So I’m telling you I’m sorry. I’m sorry I killed our baby.”

Her tears flowed in gentle streams that she wiped at with the tips of her fingers. She was silent and her body still as she grieved. I watched her, taking it in. Not completely heartless, I did notice a certain melancholy wrap around me. It was refreshing almost, to feel something other than even. Though, it appeared to be much less comfortable of an emotion for Celia. That was unfortunate.

When the crying let up, she threw a glance at me. “It was fun for a moment, wasn’t it? Pretending it was ours.”

I tilted my head as I contemplated that. Our scheme had been easy to fall into. People had been ready to believe, and that had inspired a kind of secret delight. Celia had been in California for the majority of our ruse, but in the days before she’d left, I’d recognized her own euphoria. She’d tried to hide it behind the pretense of embarrassment and guilt, but I could read her too well.

“I feel like I understand you better now, Hudson.” She waited until I’d met her eyes with a questioning brow raise. “Why you play those games. Why you played that game with me.”

My heart stilled for a beat. I had to have misunderstood her allusion. I clarified. “What game?”

She let out an exasperated sigh, throwing her head back onto her pillow. “Let’s not do that right now, Hudson. Please? Be honest with me for a minute.”

Maybe it was the circumstances surrounding us or the lingering melancholy. Or perhaps the darkness of the room. Or the lack of sleep. Or finally a chance to speak with someone who was willing to hear. More likely it was the combination of all of the above that allowed me to step onto sacred ground and bare my secrets.

In a steady low voice, I let down the first wall. “They aren’t games.”

“What are they then?” She matched the tone and timbre of my voice, as though she understood as well as I did that this moment was unusual. That this conversation was unique.

“They’re experiments.” I trained my eyes on the steady blip of her heart monitor. “I don’t…understand…people.” Blip. Blip. “What makes them feel. I experiment to understand.” Blip.

“You don’t feel things?” Blip. Her heart rate didn’t alter.

Blip. “I don’t think I do. Not the way most people do.” Blip.

“That explains a lot.”

I met her stare. “Does it?”

“Yeah. It does.” She wasn’t accusatory. Simply matter-of-fact. We were alike, in a way. She understood things about people. She understood things about me, at the very least. “You’ve done it with more than just me then?”

I nodded once slowly.

“Have you learned anything?”

“I’ve learned a lot.”

“But you still don’t feel things?” She was curious but accepting.

“I don’t.” I gripped the arms of the chair and let them go again. “I don’t think that’s something that will ever change. It’s not why I do it. If anything, the more I experiment, the less I feel. Except with you. You…I don’t know.” It wasn’t that I didn’t want to share. I just didn’t have the words. “You’re too much like family, I think. So I have…I did feel…something.”

“You don’t know what, though?”

“No.” I’d tried to figure it out so many times. “Obligation, maybe. Responsibility.”

She fiddled with the edge of her bedsheet but kept her focus on me. “But with the others, you didn’t feel anything?”

“No.”

She let go of the sheet, turned and propped her head up on one hand. “Do you ever feel anything else?”

God, we were actually doing this, then? Examining all the pieces, letting all the walls down. Might as well get comfortable. I crossed an ankle over my jean-clad knee. “Not really. Anger sometimes. Disgust.”

“You’re never happy?”

“I’m often content.” I didn’t mention that the only excitement I felt revolved around the manipulation of others. I was stripping myself in front of her, but I didn’t need to be vulgar.

“What about sorrow?”

“It’s more like disappointment.” I cleared my throat. This was the closest to sympathy she’d get from me. “Right now, I’m disappointed for you.”

Though, there had been a moment—the moment that I’d learned Celia’s baby was dead—and the disappointment had been something else. Something more intense, more intolerable. It seemed to start in the center of me, the sensation so strong it sounded in my ears. Soon it reverberated in my bones, in my skin, until every part of me had…ached.

But all it took was a straightening of my spine and a decision to not feel it anymore. And with a whoosh, it was silent. Gone. I was hardened.

It had been a unique incident. One I’d never experienced. Perhaps it warranted a relabeling for Celia’s benefit. “Very disappointed for you.”

She bit her lip as if she were fighting a fresh set of tears. “What about guilt? Or compassion? Or love?”

I shook my head.

“You don’t love your mother? Or Mirabelle?”

“That’s more complicated.” It was difficult to explain my lack of emotion to someone else when I barely understood it myself. “I have a fondness for them. I feel an affinity toward them. But that’s all.”

She took in a ragged breath, and I could only assume this revelation disturbed her.

“Don’t get me wrong,” I added, “they do mean something to me. But it hardly measures the depths that I believe others feel for people they care for.”

“Does that bother you?”

“It intrigues me. Bother me? Not really.” I was grateful for the semi-dark room. It made the honest conversation less intense. “It actually makes me strong, I think. No one has the power to hurt me.”

This idea had itched at me for a while, but had never fully formed. Now that I’d said it out loud, I sat back in the chair and soaked in the revelation. This incident had actually been the best test of the notion. This had almost hurt me. Not quite, but almost. And watching the Werners and my mother and Celia bear the pain like a terrible fever with no relief was exhausting in itself. If I’d ever thought my impassivity was a curse, I didn’t now. It was my blessing.

Accepting this didn’t change anything—didn’t change me—but perhaps it propelled my interest in studying the human psyche. It gave me a mission. Because in learning why others behaved the way they did, I discovered more of my own strength.

“Hudson.” Celia’s small voice drew me from my reverie. “Teach me, Hudson.”

I raised a questioning brow.

“Experiment with me.”

“What? Why would you want me to…?” I didn’t know how to react to the insane request. “I’m not experimenting on people I know anymore.”

“Not on me. With me.” She sat straight up. “I want to learn how you do it. Teach me.”

Understanding her real intent didn’t make the request any less strange. “No. That’s absurd.”

“Please.”

“No.” But now she’d planted the thought, and I couldn’t help but explore it. “Why?”

“Because I want to be like that.”

“Like what?”

“Like someone who doesn’t feel.” She fell back into the bed. “I don’t want to feel anymore. I said I felt numb, but there’s worse hiding underneath that. Jagged spikes of pain. I wanted that baby, Hudson. And before that, I wanted you. Not anymore, but I did. All that’s left from all that want is hurt. I tried to hate you, and I do a little. But mostly I can’t help but admire you. Your methods are impressive. Maybe you’re an example of evolution. Maybe a lack of emotion is what it takes to move the human race to the next level. Because I think you’re right—it is your strength. And I don’t know if you were born that way or if you turned into this over time because of your fucked-up family—sorry, but it’s true—but I think I could learn that. Or at least try. What’s the harm in letting me try?”

Her voice had strengthened as she talked, and now her words echoed in the quiet room. Honestly, there was little to refute. And the possibilities her monologue had inspired…

“Okay.”

She perked up in surprise. “Okay? Really?”

My mind was already swimming with plans. I never went looking for experiments. They’d arise out of situations and relationships around me that were interesting, that I wanted to explore. As it happened, there was a newly married couple that had just moved into my parents’ building. Though they’d recently pledged their lives to each other, I couldn’t help but notice the way he eyed other women. There was a lot I wanted to study there. Celia would actually prove helpful. “After Christmas. If you’re up to it.”

“I’ll be up to it.” She was excited.

My pulse kicked up a notch. How sick was it that her enthusiasm was a mental turn-on? I stifled my adrenaline rush by adding practicality. “There will be rules. Some we’ll have to make up as we go since I’ve never worked with a partner.”

“Of course. What’s the fun of a game without rules?”

“They aren’t games.” It came out harsher than I’d intended, but it was important to me that she understood the difference. “They’re experiments. It’s science.”

“Whatever you want to call it, Hudson. It’s semantics. There’s nothing wrong with having a bit of fun with it. I know you do.”

So it didn’t matter that I hadn’t told her the games excited me. She already knew.

And Jesus, I was already referring to them as games myself. If I weren’t so looking forward to the new phase of my research, I might have been irritated.

“Maybe,” I conceded. “There is an enjoyment at correctly predicting how people will react.”

She smiled—the first sign of joy since she’d awoken in the cold, sterile room.

“What have I agreed to?” But I genuinely smiled back.

She took a deep breath. Then her expression eased into something more solemn. “Thank you, Hudson.”

“You’re welcome.” Also genuine.

We settled into a comfortable silence. My mind swirled with ideas and notions. Perhaps good really had come from all of the Celia mess. Though somewhere deep inside of me, a warning bell sounded, and while it was quiet enough to ignore, it was persistent and left me with the slightest niggle of doubt and dread.

After a moment, she chuckled. “You’re so ridiculous, you know. You’re like the Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz. All the time he doesn’t think he has a heart and yet he really does.”

“An interesting comparison.” I’d always identified more with Hannibal Lecter from the famed Thomas Harris series about a psychologically curious sociopathic serial killer. Though I wasn’t a serial killer, the way the character molded and manipulated others, studying and predicting their behavior—reading him had felt like looking in a mirror. “Except I don’t really have a heart.”

Even in the dim light, I saw her roll her eyes.

I tapped a finger on the arm of the chair and considered the basis of her analysis—she saw kindness in things I’d done, I guessed. Though she may have perceived benevolence, it wasn’t sincere. “You realize, Celia, anything that appears like an act of compassion on my part is simply that—an act.”

“Why act at all? I mean, with me, for example. Why claim to be my baby’s father? Why let me bully my way into your ‘experiments?’” She used quote fingers when she said the word experiments.

There were a handful of answers I could have given, some with a bit of truth, some downright lies. The fact of the matter was that I felt obligated. It was the one emotion I owned, and as such, I owned it well. If my sense of duty was going to be the reason for most of my existence, then I’d make sure I lived up to it with all I had. I was responsible for Celia’s predicament—there was no doubt in my mind of that—and for that alone, I was obligated to her, no matter how strong the alarm of doubt in my gut.

“I see you formulating a response over there, Hudson. Don’t bother. If you aren’t going to answer honestly, don’t answer at all.” She looked up at the ceiling. “I’d prefer if you just said you didn’t know.”

So that was what I chose to say. Because it was easier. “I don’t know.”

The nurse arrived then, and I slipped out. It was near seven and I had to get home and changed before heading into work. A night with no sleep was going to make for a miserable day at Dad’s office, but worse would be a day with my mourning mother.

The nursery was on the way to the elevators, I told myself, when I found my feet heading in that direction. A lone male figure dressed in a suit and tie stood peering in the windows, and even down the hall, with his body half-turned away, I recognized him.

I didn’t say anything as I approached the windows next to him. I forced myself to look in, forced myself to gaze at the newborn babies. Forced myself to recognize that there had been a loss in this world—in my world—and there should be at least a moment of grieving.

The disappointment from earlier returned. But that was all.

For my dad, though, there was more. Tears streaked his face, and I realized I’d never seen a grown man cry, let alone my father.

Without any greeting, without looking at me directly, he asked. “Was it mine?”

Perhaps it was appropriate that he was the one in mourning. But the facts surrounding his bereavement—the too-young daughter of a friend that he’d knocked up, the wife he’d driven to drink, the secrets that required him to be there incognito in the early hours—angered me too much, overwhelming all else.

“I didn’t sleep with her,” I said, confirming his suspicions. “But that child was never yours. Don’t ever speak like it was anything but mine again.”

He closed his eyes as a new wave of pain furrowed his expression.

I left him there at the windows and headed for the elevators. Left him to struggle through his regret and guilt and sorrow and heartache—all those ridiculous emotions that made him weak.





Chapter Fifteen





After





I only have a few minutes before Alayna returns from the bathroom. I’m supposed to be waiting for her naked on the bed when she returns, and I will be. I’m already half-undressed and full-hard. But as I finish shucking my pants and briefs, my mind sifts through a vacation’s worth of thoughts at lightning speed.

This room, this place—I’m overwhelmed.

Mabel Shores holds a lifetime of memories, yet the prominent ones right now are the summer with Celia’s experiment. It taints every wonderful thing that has happened here in the Hamptons this weekend with Alayna. It buzzes in my ear as a reminder of my faults, of my flaws, and there’s very little I can do to silence it.

My father’s presence here this weekend doesn’t help. While I should be grateful that he is a counterbalance to my mother’s bitchy welcome, I don’t trust his motives with Alayna. I don’t want him to befriend her as he has. Though she would never betray me the way Celia did, though he’s never made a move on anyone I’ve known in the years since, I can’t stand the idea that he might try something with Alayna. It frightens me, and I’ve never been one to scare.

The memories haunt others too. My mother is constantly reminded, and she takes it out on Alayna. Her unwillingness to move past Celia’s miscarriage and embrace Mirabelle’s pregnancy as her first grandchild makes me suspicious. In the back of Sophia’s mind—does she know? Does she suspect the secrets that surround Celia’s baby? Probably not, but how can she not feel that there is something off about it?

I suspect that’s why she brought it up again today, throwing it in Alayna’s face. I understand that the recollection doesn’t let my mother go—it doesn’t let me go either. But it’s no excuse for the way she hurts Alayna. The way she hurts me. It’s another new emotion that has cropped up in my repertoire in the last few days, but I’m not sure of its name. Sympathy? Compassion? It’s a pain that digs deep into my chest whenever Alayna is hurting, and I’m desperate to prevent it—not for my sake, but for hers.

And the way I had to dig myself out of that revelation with Alayna…

I’ve vowed to be as honest with her as I can despite the one lie—the huge lie—that I carry with me always. So when she asked about the baby, I told her what I could. For the first time, I wanted to tell her all of it, but I didn’t know how I could without exposing the worst parts of me. Yes, she knows of them, but she doesn’t truly know how awful I’ve been. Where does Celia’s baby’s story end, anyway? At her miscarriage? When she asked me to teach her how to be like me?

The only thing I could do was beg for Alayna to trust me. She’d given me her trust before, and I had no right to it then or now, but she gave it to me again. It’s another brick in my pack of guilt. How long can I drag this around before it weighs us both down?

And it’s not just the guilt pulling me down. There’s more—the emotion. There’s so much of it wherever Alayna’s concerned. It’s all new and intense, and it feels like a smear of colors on a painter’s palette—all of it so blurred that I can’t identify any colorful emotion for what it really is. Sometimes from the look in her eyes and the soft pressure of her lips and the way she gives and gives and gives—I wonder if she doesn’t feel it all too. I’ve told her, I’ve warned her that this can’t be real. But is she as powerless as I am in all of this?

Isn’t that just the question Celia’s putting to the test?

Alayna’s more experienced with feelings. I can only hope she’s unaffected. But if she is unaffected…

God, that might kill me too.

I hear her stir in the bathroom, so I rush to get in place on the bed. Suddenly I’m struck with a very different memory of Mabel Shores. Mirabelle’s wedding day. While I didn’t put any faith in romantic relationships, I knew she did. Her deeply rooted trust in Adam perplexed me so entirely that I eventually had to ask her how she could be so certain about marrying the man.

“Because when you love someone,” she’d met my eyes and answered without a flicker in her confidence, “their world interests you more than your own.”

I don’t have time to examine why that memory came to me now because the bathroom door opens and Alayna’s standing there, ready for me. She’s wearing a red lace nightie that draws attention to her gorgeous tits. Her hair spills around her shoulders, and she looks so incredible. My breath catches.

“Jesus, Alayna. You’re so goddamn beautiful,” I say, surprised I can speak. I kneel, my cock standing at full attention between my legs. “I might have to let you wear that while I fuck you.”

She blushes, and I wonder if I’ll be able to last until I touch her. “Come here,” I growl.

She starts toward me and then halts. “Wait, I’m in control, remember?”

I’d forgotten I’d agreed to that. I’m not usually comfortable giving up the reins, but for Alayna, I’m actually looking forward to it. She might not understand it, but this is my way of saying I trust you too.

I sit back on my heels and invite her to take the power. “Then take charge.”

A spark flashes in her eye. She bites her lip and then issues her first command. “Sit back against the headboard.”

Fuck, she’s sexy. I can’t help grinning as I follow her orders.

She climbs up the foot of the bed and crawls up the length of my body. Her breasts are on perfect display and they steal my attention, but I’m also drawn to her eyes. They’re on fire with lust and something else. Something soft and beautiful that I can’t quite make out.

Then she’s licking my cock, and I forget all else but her wonderful tongue. “Do it again.” I haven’t forgotten who’s in charge, but she needs to know what I want.

“Maybe I will,” she teases.

Jesus, she’s so goddamn adorable.

She bends to my dick again, kissing and licking my crown before she takes me into her mouth.

I groan. “Oh precious, you suck me so good.” She teases me—licking and sucking and fondling without taking up a steady rhythm. Soon I have to take over or I’ll die. I tangle my fingers through her hair and hold her still as I thrust into her mouth.

She doesn’t let me get away with this for long, and when she resumes control, she releases me. I moan at the loss of her warmth.

“You want more?” she taunts. “You’ll have to wait.”

I do want more, but I’ll take anything she’s giving. She climbs further up my body and straddles my waist. My cock nudges against her ass. Fuck, it’s pure torture. I’m in heaven.

She spreads her hands across my chest, and as my skin burns from her touch, she bends down for a kiss. She tastes so good. I cradle her face with my hands, holding her in place so I can devour her.

But she shakes her head free, and I’m reminded how out of my comfort zone she’s put me. I don’t know what to do when I’m not directing the scene. “What do you want?” I ask, though I wonder if it sounds more like begging.

“Touch my breasts.”

Gladly. I slip my hands inside her nightie and fondle her tits. I’m rough because I know it’s how she likes it, but also because I’m so turned on I can’t be gentle. I pull down her gown and sit up to take her breast in my mouth. I suck and bite at her nipple, and I’m rewarded by her cry. “Hudson, oh, God.”

I love her reaction, and I have to have more. I slip my hand under her panties and swipe across her clit, through her folds until I find the opening of her pussy. “You’re already so wet, precious.” I lick across her peaked nipple, and she shudders. I’m about to shove my fingers into her hole when I remember she’s in the driver’s seat. So I urge her to drive. “Shall I put my fingers inside you? Tell me.”

“I want your cock inside me.” She’s tentative with her request, and it only makes me harder.

There’s nothing more I want than to bury myself in her warm cunt, yet I force myself to hold back. I suck on her other breast until she moans. “But you aren’t ready for me, precious.”

“I’m ready enough.” She’s demanding. “I want to ride you.”

That’s all it takes. I rip the sides of her flimsy panties open and throw them aside. She grasps my cock, and I jerk in her hand. She balances over me. I’m so close to being lost inside her.

“I can’t imagine why I deserve this,” I say, palming her breasts. I know from our times before how it will be, how I’m going to feel when her pussy clenches around me. Not just physically but emotionally.

And I spook.

So I say something shitty as a reminder to both of us that none of this can be real. “I should be rewarding you for your very believable girlfriend act today.”

She stills, and I realize instantly that I’ve hurt her. And the implications of why that statement would hurt her tell me what I didn’t necessarily want to know—she is feeling it too. All of it.

I’m not sure how to deal with that knowledge. A bubble of euphoria has burst in my chest and spreads through my limbs. But my brain tries to halt it. She can’t fall for me, it says. She cannot. Because if she does, it’s going to hurt her more when all this comes to an end, and it has to come to an end. And that will destroy me.

I just don’t know what will destroy me more—that it ends or that she’s hurt. Shit, I’m so fucked.

Her eyes seem to recognize everything going through my mind. Then, with a defiance that almost makes me proud, she lifts her chin and slides down on my cock. She’s tight and raw. She wiggles, trying to work me in deeper. It’s a metaphor, I think, how she’s trying to slip further into my life and how she meets resistance from me time and again.

Though there’s nothing to be done about the metaphor, I can help her with the literal. I place my hand on her belly, pushing her back slightly until she opens up and glides down until I’m buried completely.

“Fuck,” I groan. “You’re so tight, Alayna. So good.” They’re sex words, but in my head, the meaning is hazy. Is it her clenched wet cunt that feels so good? Or is it everything else about her that feels so fucking good?

Or is it all of it?

She lifts up and down my length. I try to command the tempo, but she maintains her steady pace, sliding up and down. Up and down. It’s the most erotic sight, and my inability to direct any of it makes me restless. My hands wander over her body, touching her, caressing her, finally settling my thumb on her clit where at least here I can take some control.

“God, oh, god,” she cries, squeezing my cock with her pussy. She’s close, and I’m caught up in the way she writhes and squirms on top of me. Her skin glistens with sweat, and her cheeks are flushed so beautifully.

She talks as she rides me, her words mixed with broken moans. “I’m happy, Hudson. You’ve made me happy.” She’s not usually a talker, and I absorb every single sound she makes, every sentiment she shares.

All of it heightens the confusion of desires within me. I don’t want to hear these things. I want her to say more.

She does say more. “And I’ve made you happy too.” I want her to stop. I want her to go on. “We’re falling in love. This is us, falling in love.”

Those words are the death of me. They’re beautiful poison, and I can’t listen anymore.

“Enough.” Instantly, I flip her underneath me. I bend her legs and push them back while I pound into her with a rebellious force. I drive to silence her words that still echo in my head—in love, we’re falling in love. She shouldn’t have said that. I thrust into her, punishing her for voicing the ridiculous thoughts. If there’s any truth to it, I refuse to acknowledge it.

But I know. As Alayna comes undone underneath me, as I spurt my own release into her with long, hot pulses, I know that she’s right. That this can’t be thrashed out of our systems with desperate, frantic sex. That this can’t be forgotten or buried or ignored. There is emotion between us, and if that’s what it’s called—if it is actually love—it isn’t going away.

And what the fuck do I do with that?

I roll off her and fall onto the bed. As much as I want to be, I’m not angry with Alayna. I’m angry with myself. And Celia. Angry that she has any part of my relationship with Alayna, of what might be the most genuine moment of my entire life.

Most of all, I’m affected. When I’ve never been affected by anyone, and that means I’m also confused and maybe a little afraid. Or maybe a lot afraid.

Not knowing what else to do, I pull Alayna into the crook of my arm, close my eyes and pretend to sleep. I wish that I could fall into the bliss of unconsciousness, where thoughts and feelings can’t bite and nip at me as they do as I lie here wide awake. It’s not like there’s anything new to dwell on. The same thoughts recycle through my mind: We’re falling in love. Can I actually be in love? I have to end this game. I have to tell her everything. But then I’ll lose her. And won’t I lose her anyway? Eventually doesn’t all love end?

Or what if it doesn’t end? What if this door she’s opened, if the flood of sensation she’s unleashed, is a permanent part of me now?

It’s nearly an hour later before her breathing settles into a deep rhythm, and I know she’s asleep. I slip out of her embrace and throw on some sweats. Even with clothing on, I feel stripped naked. Is this what love feels like?

I take a seat in the armchair next to the bed and watch her as I try to sort it all out. Mirabelle’s wedding-day words return to me: When you love someone, their world interests you more than your own. Everything about Alayna interests me more than myself. That’s why I’d thought of that memory. Because somewhere in my fucked-up psyche, I understood that what I felt for her was love before she even named it. I’d avoided the acceptance of it, knowing that this amazing, wonderful birth of love inside me couldn’t have come at a worse time.

Whatever I do next—and I still have no idea what it will be exactly—I do know that there will have to be a denial. Either I’ll deny this emotion and all that this woman brings to me, or I’ll deny Celia and her fucked-up game. Denying this love would be painful for us both, but admitting my hand in deceiving Alayna…I can’t even bear to think about how much she’d despise me for that.

I spend the rest of the night hours looking for any other way out of this mess I’m in. I come up with plan upon plan that involves further manipulation and lies. But I don’t want to be that person anymore, so I abandon each one and am left without a strategy. This is another first for me, another newness I can credit to the beautiful creature sleeping in my bed.

When the pale light of morning starts streaming through the window, I imagine for a moment waking her up and telling her I love her too. With words and then again with my body. I can picture the warmth in her gaze as I say it. I can hear the way she’ll say it back to me. Again and again we’d pass the declaration back and forth with our lips, with our tongues.

This fantasy doesn’t go far though, because of all the decisions I’ve yet to make, there is one thing I know for absolute sure—I can’t tell her how I feel without telling her all of it. My definition of love is still forming, but I am certain it includes transparency and honesty, and I can’t give either without shedding all my secrets. I can’t truly proclaim my love to her while keeping this dark curtain closed over one of the most important parts of us.

It’s an ache in my side. A double-edged sword. I can’t claim her without releasing her. So I let her sleep.

Needing a distraction, I pull out my laptop and look through my emails. I’d turned everything off the day before, taking the day off work at Alayna’s request, and now I have a slew of unread messages to sift through. Quickly, I realize that many of them are from Roger and other members from my Plexis team. Despite my attempts to stall, the board is taking a vote to sell at noon Monday. Which is today. My personal life is in an uproar, but this—my company—this I can do something about. It’s business, it’s familiar. It’s where I can make a difference.

It only takes a couple of texts and a handful of emails to arrange my departure later this morning. I shower and pack my things, careful not to disturb Alayna. I stare at her for long minutes before leaving. There’s so much I want to tell her, so much I want to be with her. But I don’t know how. So, though I’m fearful this could be the last time I see her naked in my bed, I slip out without a goodbye.

Leaving her is the hardest thing I’ve ever done. It’s also the only thing I can do.





Downstairs in the kitchen, I find fresh coffee. And Celia.

She’s sitting alone at the counter bar, as if waiting for me.

I don’t speak to her or acknowledge her in any way until after I’ve poured myself a mug and taken a long swig. I need the shot of caffeine to deal with her. I wish it were something stronger.

Glancing at the clock on the coffeepot, I say, “It’s barely eight.” I set my mug down. “To what do we owe the pleasure of your presence?”

Her voice meets my back. “I’m talking with Sophia about some redesign she wants me to do.”

Yes, that. Right. My mother had announced that the day before. Celia may legitimately be working for us, but I know her well enough to know that her visit was purposefully planned to coincide with my own visit.

I turn to face her, scanning the kitchen for signs of others. “Where is she then? My mother.”

Celia shrugs. “She went to go get some magazine with a picture she’d like to use as inspiration.” She props her elbows on the counter and rests her chin on her clasped hands. “What about you? Why are you up and dressed for business during your Hampton vacation?”

“An emergency at work. My vacation is over.”

“Oh, Hudson, I’m sorry to hear that.” My mother sashays into the room, a stack of magazine clippings in one hand and an orange juice in the other. “Are you and Alayna both leaving?”

I eye her drink as she takes a sip. My mother never drinks OJ pure. “No. I didn’t want to wake her.” I throw a glance at Celia. She can take that as she’d like—it doesn’t really matter at the moment.

If she thinks anything of it, she doesn’t let on.

“I’ll leave my car for her to take back to the city if she’d like,” I say to my mother. Though, I’m not exactly sure Alayna drives. “If she’d prefer a cab, you can give her this for fare.” I pull out my wallet and hand my mother a hundred. She has money she could give Alayna as well, but it wouldn’t surprise me if she claimed she had no cash just to give Alayna a hard time.

“Okay.” She takes the cash with a pucker of irritation in her brow that says that she hates to be bothered. “How are you getting to the city?”

I stick my billfold back in my jacket. “I need to get to the East Hampton airport actually. My plane is already set to meet me there. I just need Martin to take me, if you don’t mind.”

“He’s not here until later, I’m sorry to say.” She isn’t sorry. Her smile is too sweet, the sparkle in her eye too bright. She loves it when she’s in control of a situation. Loves it when other people’s plans don’t work out the way they’d like.

Not for the first time I wonder, did she teach me? Or did I teach her?

But I don’t dwell on the question. I don’t have the energy or the mood to cogitate this morning.

“I’ll take you,” Celia offers.

My jaw tenses. I can sense the trap I’m about to be caught in. “That’s not necessary,” I say, as politely as I can. “You have a meeting with my mother. I’ll take one of the other cars.”

I nod a goodbye and start to leave.

My mother steps in front of me, stopping me. “Don’t be silly, Hudson. Let her take you. Our business isn’t a rush. We can meet later. Can’t we, Celia?”

“Of course.” Celia’s grin makes me ill.

I run a hand through my hair. Between the lack of sleep, the tension surrounding Celia’s presence, my mother’s early morning drinking, and my inner turmoil regarding Alayna, I don’t have the strength to argue. “Fine.”

Besides, leaving Alayna alone with my mother is bad enough. Leaving her with Celia as well would be very unwise.

We’re ready to leave within ten minutes. At the door, my mother makes a show of saying goodbye, even though there’s no one to watch as Celia’s already waiting outside. Then she excuses herself to the kitchen, likely to refill her drink.

Mirabelle descends the stairs just before I depart. “Where are you going?”

I don’t have time to explain the whole situation, but I’m fearful of my mother’s version, so I get Mirabelle up to speed as succinctly as possible.

When I’ve finished, she doesn’t seem happy. “But you aren’t even going to say goodbye to Laynie?”

I shake my head. “I’m in a rush.”

She puts a fist on her round hip. “It will take you two minutes. Get the eff upstairs and tell your girlfriend what’s going on.”

“Mirabelle, I don’t have time for this.” I pull my shades from my briefcase pocket and put them on. I don’t need my sister peering into my eyes right now. I’m not sure what she’ll see.

“Hudson, this is…” She searches for what she thinks this is. “It’s terrible, is what it is. I’m usually on your side, and you know that, but I’m rather ashamed of you at the moment.”

You’re not the only one, I think. There’s nothing to say, so I start to go. The air feels tight leaving like this though, so I say over my shoulder, “Make sure Alayna…” I pause. I don’t know how to finish the statement. “Make sure she gets home okay.”

I escape before she has a chance to respond.

Celia’s waiting in the driveway. After setting my briefcase in the back, I get in the passenger seat and buckle my belt. The feel of it across my chest is confining. I release it again and try to convince myself that I’m better now, as though the small width of material is responsible for my inability to get a good breath. My stomach lurches as Celia’s car pulls down the long drive to the main road. I don’t glance back. I feel shitty enough as it is. This isn’t how I wanted to leave Alayna—with Celia, driving away without even a goodbye.

The thought gives me pause—is that what I’ve decided then? That I’m leaving her?

It’s unbearable, but it’s possible that it’s inevitable.

Only a few minutes have passed after Celia turns onto the highway before she speaks. “How long are you going to keep me waiting?”

I scrub my face with my hands. “What do you want to know, Celia?”

“Don’t be a fucking dick, Hudson.” Her glare is apparent even behind her dark sunglasses. “You know what I want.”

I do know. She wants a progress report, so to say. How can I answer? I’m still reeling from my recent self-discoveries. I’m lost. There’s nowhere I can turn in this maze without hitting a wall. I have no hope of escape. The question is—does Alayna?

I’m not an impulsive person, but I make a spur-of-the-moment decision. And though there is nothing ideal about it, I know it’s the best choice I can make. So I commit to it with everything I have. “It’s over, Celia,” I say. “The game is over.”

She groans. “Not this bullshit again.”

“No, not this bullshit. That’s not what I’m saying.” I turn my head to face her profile, letting her know the fullness of my sincerity. “I’m telling you that I’ve put my time in. Like you wanted. And now it’s over. There isn’t anything else that you need to complete your experiment.”

Her brow rises above the rim of her glasses. “What do you mean?”

“I mean…” I hate myself for what I’m about to say—for sharing something so intimate and private between me and Alayna—but I’m familiar with self-loathing. I force the words. “I mean that she’s already emotionally invested in me. I don’t need to spend any more time with her. I can end the business arrangement I have with Alayna, and you’ll be able to study her reaction like you wanted to.”

Celia’s still skeptical. “Game over means all of it, Hudson. That means the personal too.”

“I know.” Just like that, I let go of every possibility of anything more with Alayna. I’m walking away.

My chest constricts, and it’s hard to breathe. It feels like I’ve been caught under a giant boulder. My limbs are numb, I can’t move, and the pain…it’s sharp and persistent. Crushing.

With the severity of my agony, it’s not easy to explain why I’m doing this, even to myself, but I try to reason through it anyway. Alayna says she’s in love with me, and while I’m wary that anyone could possibly feel any affection for me, I feel her love. It pulses through my veins as if she injected it into my body with her kiss, with her nails on my back, with her pussy when our fluids mingled in the heat of our lovemaking.

But the reality is that Alayna doesn’t really know me. Not all of me. And if she ever found out, not only would that love vanish, but she’d be hurt. I’m almost certain that would break her more than my abandonment now.

It’s a gamble, I suppose, but it’s the best chance she has. Her credit cards and student loans have already been paid for, and the confirmations will be sent tomorrow. It’s the perfect time to end the charade, and then I won’t see her again. I’ll let our private affair seemingly fade away. Perhaps I can spend some time working at our overseas headquarters. It will be a good excuse to be gone from her life. Then I’ll hope—pray, even, and I’m not a praying man—that she doesn’t fall into past behaviors.

And if she does, I’ll offer whatever support I can anonymously. Celia will win her experiment, but I won’t let Alayna be damaged permanently. She’ll recover. I’ll merely be a bump in her road.

Celia stares at me. She’s trying to read me, trying to identify my angle. Finally, she asks, “Are you su—”

I cut her off. “Do you doubt my experience in these matters?” It’s hard enough as it is to stick to this plan. I don’t have the conviction to convince Celia too.

Fortunately, she backs down. “No. I don’t doubt you. It’s just so soon. I had expected we’d need more time.”

She’s almost there. Just one more push from me ought to do it.

So I push. “It is soon. Alayna gives her heart easily, it seems.” I have to look out the passenger window at this. It’s a lie, and I know it. Alayna doesn’t give her heart easily—she gives it fully. She doesn’t fall for just anyone. When she does, it’s her everything. That’s the reason behind her obsessive tendencies. I’ve learned that about her.

I won’t let Celia know that though. I’ve betrayed Alayna enough.

“And you?” Celia’s question hits the back of my head, but I feel its blunt force.

And me…

I’ve given my heart as well, though Alayna can’t possibly know. She owns it, fully and completely. Each beat that it spends away from her is the cadence of a death march. If there was anything to my life before her, its substance has faded in my memory. This—leaving her—this is a darkness that I’ve never witnessed.

But why did Celia even ask? She’s always been fully aware that I lacked heart. Does she sense something’s changed? Does she know I’m no longer the man she used to play with?

Or is it simply another one of her tricks?

I pull out my phone and busy myself with flipping through my screens as I answer her. “I’m not sure what you’re implying. But it doesn’t matter. I don’t have time for this charade anymore. I have a business I’m trying to run and a subsidiary company that I’m on the verge of losing. If you don’t mind, I need to focus my attention on that right now and not this silly game.”

Knowing Celia will assume I’m doing something for work, I type out a text message to Alayna. It’s painfully brief—Plexis crisis. I’ll call as soon as I can.

I won’t call. I’ll see her again to end things more formally, but it won’t be by phone.

We ride in silence for several minutes before Celia says quietly, “Maybe I was wrong about you.”

Her cryptic statement pulls my attention from my morose thoughts. I spend a few seconds trying to track the source of her remark and come up empty-handed. “What does that mean?”

She shrugs. “You’re too grown-up to play, I guess.”

I don’t believe that’s what she meant, but I don’t push her. I’d rather capitalize on the opening she’s just given me. “Too grown-up because I have a life and responsibilities? Yes, I am too grown-up. These experiments don’t have a place in my life any longer.”

“I don’t know about that,” she says as we turn into the airport. “We’ll see.”

Her words are ominous, but I don’t let them in. I’m cold. I’m steel. I’ve put on my mask now, the one I’ve worn for as long as I can remember. I used to wear it to hide that I don’t feel. Now I wear it to hide that I do.





Chapter Sixteen





I throw all my energy into saving Plexis, and it isn’t enough. The company is sold out from under me. I’m not surprised. My proposals were spot on, but my presentation was mediocre. I’m off my game, my attention divided. I wonder how long I’ll be split like this—half of me in the current moment, half of me always with her. While all of this is unfamiliar to me, I’ve studied enough breakups to see that there is recovery for most individuals.

I’m certain that I am not most individuals.

I linger in Cincinnati for most of Tuesday, not wanting to go home to Manhattan. Eventually, I have no more reason to stall, and I head home. I land in the evening. I’m disheveled and exhausted, but instead of heading home, I ask my driver to take me to The Sky Launch. There’s no use delaying seeing Alayna. I need to get our dissolution over with so I can move on.

I note the time when I arrive. It’s a little early for Alayna to be at work, but that’s better. If I’m already here when she arrives—going over business with David, perhaps—then my visit will appear casual. It will seem like my meeting with her is an afterthought. It should help her see that I believe anything that exists between us is mundane. Ordinary.

I’m not sure she’ll buy it. Honestly, I’m not sure I want her to.

But she has to. Because this is how things are now. This is how things have to be.

The club is dark as I enter. I head for the office—if David is here, that’s where he’ll be. The door is open when I approach, but as I enter the frame, I’m not prepared for the sight that meets me. David is here, but in his arms—Alayna.

They’re embracing, and it’s far too intimate to be a hug between friends. I can’t see her face, but the expression on his is one I can relate to. It’s adoration. It’s affection. It’s maybe even love.

Emotion shoots through my body at the sight. Jealousy, astonishment, scorn—the emotions mix into a toxic cocktail of rage. I’ve never been this worked up, this livid. My blood is boiling, my skin itching, and my gut feels like it’s been punched.

But I wear my mask. So David sees none of it when he sees me. Instead he sees cold and steel, which can be very intimidating, I’ve found.

Instantly, he lets Alayna go and backs away. “Hey, Pierce.”

Alayna spins, and her eyes meet mine. Hers are sparked with worry, with fear, and the blood drains from her face. Her concern softens the slightest bit. Not enough, though. I’m still consumed with my fury.

The bitch of the whole thing is that I have no right to feel this way. To feel any of the way I do regarding her. I’ve made my decision. I’ve chosen to walk away and to bury any emotion she may have stirred in me. She’s allowed to embrace any man she wants. She can kiss and fuck anyone she pleases. Because she isn’t mine.

My stomach clenches. All I see is red.

I’m vaguely aware of David speaking and then the sound of the door closing as he leaves. At least he was smart enough to know he should go without being asked. I realize I’m angry with him as well—he’s an employee and he’s making moves on his boss’s girlfriend. My feelings toward him are such a small part of my turmoil though, and I’m glad for his departure. Now I focus on directing the torment brewing inside. If I have to feel this pain, at least I can use it to push her away.

“Hudson.” She says my name, and it sounds like a broken chord—each syllable hanging in the air with distinct weight. She steps toward me. “I read about Plexis. I’m so sor—”

Like I give a fuck about Plexis at the moment.

I cut her off. “What’s going on with you and him?” It’s not my place to ask, but though my voice is controlled and even, I have no authority over my actions. I need her to answer. I need her to alleviate this fear that she feels for anyone the way she feels for me.

It’s insane. It’s irrational. And I can’t stop needing it.

“Nothing.” She sighs. “David was, um…it was a friendly hug, that’s all.”

Her answer only makes the sting worse. “The expression on his face was much more than friendly.” I step toward her, demanding with my body before I’ve even voiced the question I have to have an answer to. “Have you fucked him?”

“No!”

I study her with narrowed eyes. There’s more she isn’t saying—I can read her face, read her posture. There’s something between them. “But almost,” I guess.

“No.” Her tone is adamant, but her eyes shift.

This, her lie, tears me apart more than anything. “Why don’t I believe you?”

“Because you have some serious trust issues. What is your fucking deal, anyway?”

There is a rational voice in my head screaming that this is not how I should behave. That her relationships are private and not my concern. That this is not my place. She. Is. Not. Mine.

I want to listen to it. I want to calm the blistering storm that is traveling through my every nerve. But it’s impossible.

So I give up, letting the tempest swallow me as I step toward her and growl. “I told you before. I don’t share.”

Whatever plans I had for our paths are suddenly null and void. Because though I cannot have her, though I’m supposed to let her go, I’ve just claimed her.

There’s a flash of acceptance in her eyes. It’s brilliant, and I cling to the light of it long after it’s lost to the challenge that follows. “But I have to share you with Celia?”

“Goddammit, Alayna. How many times do I have to say it? There is nothing going on with me and Celia.” I convince myself it’s not a lie because she’s questioning a romantic involvement. In my bones, I’m sure that she senses the truth—that there is some sort of connection between Celia and me. Alayna can read me too well to miss this.

Still, I refuse to shed any light on my secrets.

So she uses the only weapon she can. “And there’s nothing going on with me and David.”

“Really? That’s not how it looked when I walked in here.”

“Just like that’s not how it looked when you left with Celia while I was still naked in your bed?”

Anger surges through me like lightning. How can she not understand? I grab her by her upper arms and pull her into me. “Leaving you that morning was the hardest fucking thing I’ve done in a long time. Don’t treat it lightly.”

Then, because she has to know how I feel and because this is the only way I know to tell her, I crush my mouth to hers. I bite and tear at her lips. I’m brutal and bruising. This, I tell her with my kiss, is how it felt to walk away.

She pulls away. “Hudson, stop.”

But I can’t. I have to get through to her. Or maybe I just need her body to calm the fury inside of me. I don’t know anything anymore except this fervent urgency to have her.

“Stop.” She pushes at my chest.

“No. I have to fuck you. Now.”

“Why? Are you marking your territory?”

Her question startles me. Is that what this is? Is this action merely an extension of my irrational jealousy? It’s not what I wanted this to be.

My pause allows her to wrestle free of my grip. “You don’t own me, Hudson! Stop messing with me like I’m one of your other women. Not with me, remember?”

It’s the truth I try not to face, slapped at me with such force I can’t deny it. “Don’t you think I know that? Every minute of every day, I remind myself that I can’t conquer you. That I can’t do that to you. But it doesn’t mean that I don’t want to.”

The words rush out of me so quickly, I can’t digest them until they hang in the air around us. In them is clarity. I have wanted to conquer her. As much as I’ve refuted Celia’s plans and defended my actions as benevolent toward Alayna, there has always been a part of me that wanted to own her. To master her. To win her. Was this the real reason I agreed to the game? Because I can’t help myself from playing?

The possibility pains Alayna as much as it does me. Tears spill down her cheeks. “So I am just like the others.”

“No. You’re not.” I wanted to manipulate her—it’s a desire that will never go away. But it was faint with Alayna. It lingered in the background behind so many other more prominent desires. “I told you before,” I tell her. “I don’t want to hurt you more than I need to win you.”

She’s sobbing as she says, “You’ve already done both.”

Horror washes over me like an icy shower. “Fuck!” This was not what I wanted. It was everything I’d tried to prevent. And even though I knew—I knew—that I had hurt her, the reminder of it, paired with the reminder that she’s declared her love, overpowers me. The reality of her emotions bring all of mine to the surface. I’ve fucked everything up. There is no possibility of either of us walking away from this relationship like it was a bump in a road. There is no good decision to be made. I’ve made our story so that it can only end in pain.

I step backward, away from her, as if I can distance myself from the hell I’ve put us in.

But she follows, charging into my arms and kissing me with the same determination that I’d earlier thrust upon her.

I can’t resist. And there’s no point, really. We’re both damned no matter what.

“Alayna.” I take what she’s giving me, take it greedily. My hand kneads her breast as I lick into her mouth. My other arm pulls her closer. She says my name. She tells me she needs me. I don’t need to hear the words. I feel it in her kiss, in her body as she yields to me.

I’m quick to remove her panties and lay her on the couch. My gaze never leaves her as I undress. She’s gorgeous like this—all spread out for me, her cunt glistening with her arousal. And even beyond the erotic visual, there’s beauty in the significance of her capitulation. Even in her pain, she looks to me for comfort. Just as I look to her.

I can’t delay our connection any longer. I lower myself on top of her and drive in. I’m relentless with my speed, with my force. I’m focused only on release, mine and hers, my thumb rubbing against her clit as I pound into her. Our sex is primal and raw. It’s a mirror of our circumstances—we shouldn’t want each other, but the pull that draws us together is stronger and baser than anything we can control or contradict. I have no words for this connection, and so I shower her with the only sound that makes any sense—her name, spilling from my lips, repeatedly, reverently. Then it’s the word that announces my release as I come inside her in a savage explosion. She echoes my climax with her own, crying out while she clenches around me.

I collapse onto her, burying my head into her neck. My cock twitches inside her as it calms. She’s warm and safe, and as our breathing settles, I relax into her. This is the first time in my life that I can remember being completely at ease. Despite the lack of resolution in our predicament, I’m free in her arms.

In the sanctuary of this moment, disclosure comes naturally. “I wanted to win you. But I didn’t want to hurt you.” I tighten my grasp around her. “That’s the last thing I wanted.”

With this simple admission, my load lightens. There’s so much that I still carry in guilt. I can almost imagine what it would feel like to relieve my entire load, brick by brick, confession by confession.

Alayna runs her hand through my hair, her fingers sending sparks of electricity through my scalp. “That’s part of relationships, H. People get hurt.” She kisses my head. “But you can make it better, too.”

Though her relationships may have been atypical, Alayna has much more experience at this than I do. I realize that many of the questions I have can be answered by her.

I’m not used to asking for help, but I lift my head to meet her eyes and plead, “Tell me how.”

She cradles my face in her hands, her thumbs skimming across my skin. “Let me in.”

“Don’t you see I already have?” I’ve let her in further than anyone’s ever been. She’s broken walls that I didn’t even know were standing. She doesn’t even realize.

Or it’s just not enough.

She closes her eyes and swallows. When she opens them again, a tear runs down her cheek. She moves out from underneath me, pulling her panties on as she stands up.

There’s my answer, then. It’s not enough. But this is all I can give—for her protection as well as for mine. And I’m still stuck between a rock and a hard place. Where does this leave me with Celia? Where does this leave me with Alayna?

I sigh as I tuck myself back in and zip up my pants. I’m back where I was to begin with, where the best decision is to end this.

And I can’t.

So I fight for her instead. Even though I don’t know how. Even though it’s the worst possible thing I can do.

I stand and cross to her. I wrap my arms around her from behind and can feel her pulling against her desire to lean into me. She stays put though, and I speak gently in her ear. “Why do you act like I’m running?”

“Because you shut me out. Isn’t that the same as running?”

It’s exactly the same. I’m hit with the sudden recollection of Alayna in our bedroom at the Hamptons. I’d been asleep, and she’d been out swimming. When she returned, she’d been upset. “What about you? What about how you showed up in our bedroom crying and couldn’t even tell me why?”

She tenses in my arms. “That was different.”

What could be different? I wrack my brain trying to come up with a scenario that had hurt her. Then with sickening certainty, I know—my mother.

I turn Alayna toward me. “What did she say to you, Alayna?”

She wars with herself for only a moment before answering. “That I was insignificant. She called me a whore.”

Fuck. My anger is reignited, directed at my mother now. Time and time again, I’ve come to Sophia’s rescue. Now I can’t think of a single reason why. “My mother’s heartless and cruel.” For so long I would have added like me to that phrase. In this moment, I don’t feel anything like her.

I lift Alayna’s chin up to meet my gaze. “You’re not a whore, Alayna. Not even close. And the magnitude of your importance in my life can’t be put into words.” It’s the nearest I can come to a declaration of emotion.

As if she can read my subtext, she adds, “She also said that you can’t ever love me.”

My hand drops from her face. I’m stunned. That my mother would tell her that, for one, is appalling to me. And enlightening. But more importantly, I don’t know how to respond. I can’t refute the statement, not without admitting that I’m learning how to love because of her. And I can’t say that until there aren’t any lies between us.

So I say the only thing I can. “I’ve told you that before.”

She pulls out of my arms. “Well, she told me again.” She spins back at me. “So there, I opened up. Are you happy?”

I’ve hurt her. Again. It’s not what I’d meant, but I’m torn. I’m helpless. “Alayna…”

But there’s nothing I can add to make this better. I’m drowning in my secrets, and I feel all of it coming to a head. If I can’t walk away, I have to tell her the truth. Every bit of it. Yet the words stick in my throat.

With tears smearing her face, she implores, “How could you not think I’d fall in love with you, Hudson? Even if you didn’t mean for it to happen, how could I not? Does that mean anything to you at all?”

I feel like she’s slapped me. “How can you ask that?” That she loves me means everything. It’s the reason I’m here with her now, floundering with no direction. Her love is the only beacon of hope I’ve encountered in my dark world. I cling to it. I hold it like a lifeline. “Of course, it does. But, Alayna,” always that but, “you don’t know that you’d still say that if you knew me.”

“I do know you.”

“Not everything.” Secrets push against my lips, begging to be released.

“Only because you haven’t let me in!”

I spread my arms out in frustration. “What is it you want to know? About what I did to other women? About Celia? I’m the reason she got pregnant, Alayna. Because I spent an entire summer making her fall in love with me when I felt nothing for her. For fun. For something to do.”

The words spill like the tears that still stain Alayna’s cheeks. With them, the pain and anguish that I didn’t feel then sprouts within me. The horror of what I did takes root. The disgust at my actions, the regret, the guilt—all of it overwhelms me with each syllable I pronounce. Yet I can’t stop them. “And then, when I’d completely broken her, she became destructive—sleeping around, partying, drugs. You name it, she did it. She didn’t even know who the father was.”

The last part is a lie, but I’m not about to implicate Jack right now. It’s not the point, anyway. The point is that it’s out there now, one of my biggest secrets. And while there’s relief in the admission, a blanket of uncertainty hangs in the air like a heavy mist that cloaks my vision. Before I could read Alayna so well, every expression, every thought that darted across her eyes. Now I see nothing. I’m certain this story turns her off, disgusts her—how can it not? But I can’t see it on her face.

She takes in a shuddering breath and wipes her eyes. “So you claimed it was yours.”

“Yes.” I narrow my eyes, studying her as she works through this.

“Because you felt responsible.” Her voice is even, void of any inflection.

“Yes. She lost the baby at three months. Likely from the drinking and drugs she’d consumed early on. She was devastated.” And I’m devastated now, as if the loss has just happened. There’s a familiarity in the pain, and I remember feeling a hint of this ache back then. I’d been convinced that Alayna had taught me sensation, but now I wonder, have these emotions always been inside me, locked away, waiting for someone to set them free?

“That’s awful,” Alayna says, and I leave my introspection, returning my focus to her. I still can’t read her, still can’t figure out what awful things she’s thinking behind those beautiful brown eyes.

“It’s awful,” she says again, her voice tinged with confusion, “but I don’t understand. You thought this would make me not love you…why?”

I fall onto the arm of the sofa, baffled by her lack of concern. “Because it changes everything. I did that. That’s who I am. It’s my past, and it’s very ugly.”

Finally, her face breaks, but it’s not disappointment that I see on her features—it’s compassion. She moves to me and settles her hands on my shoulders. “Do you think your ugly is any different than mine?”

Her touch, her words—they’re hard to bear. She’s making too light of my sins. They’re nothing like the things she’s done. “This isn’t like following someone around or calling too many times, Alayna.”

“It was an unforeseen tragedy, Hudson. A game that got out of hand. You didn’t set out for Celia to get pregnant and have a miscarriage. And you can’t diminish the things I’ve done to a simple statement like that either. I hurt people. Deeply. But that was before. Less than ideal pasts, remember? It doesn’t mean it defines our future. Or even our now.”

Her words reach deep inside me, through my skin, into my bones, and I hear her. Really hear her. She’s voicing an idea I’ve played with since I’ve met her. Can I—can we—break free of our pasts and step into the future unchained?

I let out the breath I’ve been holding and brush a tear from her eye. “When I’m with you, I almost believe that.”

“That just means you need to spend more time with me.”

That almost makes me laugh. “Is that what that means?” Maybe that is what it means. I entertain the idea with more sincerity than I have previously. Could I be with Alayna like this? For real? Put another way, could I ever find the strength to not be with her like this?

I slide my thumb down to caress her cheek. “Yesterday morning, when I got the phone call that required me to be in Cincinnati—I couldn’t even let myself look at you, sleeping in that bed. If I did, I wouldn’t have been able to leave.”

Her face lights up. “I thought you left because you were freaking out. Because of the love stuff.”

“I wasn’t freaking out.” Not about the love stuff. That I’d welcomed. “I was surprised, that’s all.”

“Surprised?”

“That that’s what we were feeling.” I hedge around an actual declaration. “That it was love.”

“It was,” she says with certainty. “It is.”

“Hmm.” I let her affirmation settle around me. This thing I’ve felt for Alayna began when I first met her, the first spark igniting at the moment I first saw her. Since then, it’s remained constant, growing and brightening, refusing to take a shape that I could identify, but always strengthening in intensity. Love, she calls it. It’s new. It’s amazing. “I never felt this before. I didn’t know.”

I sweep my hands down her sides to rest on her hips. “But, Alayna, I’ve never had a healthy romantic relationship. Every woman who’s loved me…” My throat clenches as I recall the pain I caused Celia and others who claimed they’d fallen for me. “I don’t want to break you too.”

“You’re not going to break me, Hudson.” She’s so sure. “I thought you might, at first. Turns out you make me better. And I think I do the same for you.”

“You do.” She’s the only thing that ever has.

“If you decide to not…follow through…with whatever this is that we have, it will hurt. But I won’t be broken.”

“But it would hurt?” I’m already committing to a new plan, one that hasn’t fully formulated in my head.

“Like a motherfucker.”

I don’t want to hurt her. It’s why I can’t admit everything to her, but it’s also why I can’t leave her. She’s confirmed it now. And while I fully realize that there will be pain at some point in our relationship, I decide that it’s not going to be right now. “Then we better follow through.”

It’s wrong, I’m sure. It’s definitely selfish because I want this more than anything.

I pull her closer, wrapping her in my arms, and say the words I came here to say. “Alayna, you’re fired. You can’t be my pretend girlfriend anymore.” Then I add the new ones that I’ve only just chosen in my mind. “Be my real girlfriend instead.”

Happiness flares in her eyes. “I kind of think I already am.”

“You are.”

“Can I still call you H?”

“Absolutely not.” That ridiculous nickname for me of hers. It’s somewhat endearing. I’ll never tell her that.

I kiss her then, sealing our new deal. It’s here, as I mold my lips to hers with tender passion, that my plan solidifies. I’ll love her like this, without words, but with my life. I’ll let her in as far as I can. I’ll commit to her completely. Her world will be mine. And I’ll do everything I can to protect her from being hurt, including hiding the one secret from my past that will hurt her more than any other—the one involving her.

All of this I tell her in my kiss.

She’s the one who pulls away, but only far enough to ask, “What now?”

I feel her trepidation. She has no idea all that I’m offering her, and I have a feeling it will take a while to make her understand. Soon, hopefully, she’ll be able to hear everything I tell her with my nonverbal cues.

For now, I’ll try to use my words. I smile slightly. “Come to my place after you finish here.”

“I’m not off until three.”

“I don’t care. I want you in my bed.” I want her in my life. I’ll move her into my penthouse as soon as she’ll let me. And more, when she’s ready.

“Then, yes.”

Am I moving too fast? I’m nearly thirty years old and feeling for the first time in my life. I think that by most standards I’m far behind the curve.

She helps me up, and I reluctantly let go of her to straighten my clothing. I miss her touch already, but it won’t be long until I see her again. My eyes catch sight of the furniture behind me—we just fucked there, and it only occurs to me now that it’s new. “Nice couch,” I say. Really nice couch.

She laughs. “Thanks.”

I study her, untangling her sex-mussed hair and straightening her dress. God, she’s amazing. She’s everything that I never knew I wanted. I’m addicted to her—she’s my drug and I can’t get enough of my fix. But she’s also just the opposite. She’s my cure. She’s a balm that eases and relieves me. She’s rehabilitation. She’s remedy. She’s reason.

I take her hands in mine, surprised to find that I’m not shaking. Inside, adrenaline is pumping, not with fear, but anticipation. “Tell Jordan to take you to The Bowery. He knows where it is.”

“Not the fuck pad?” Excitement sparks her voice.

“No. My home. I’ll leave a key with the doorman.”

She laces her fingers through mine and giggles. I love the sound. Almost as much as her words. “We’re really doing this, aren’t we? Moving forward.”

“We are.” I pull her into my arms, wanting her to know how completely I am doing this, hoping this embrace tells her.

Her mouth is at my ear, and she whispers, “I’m going to rock your world.” Then she sucks on my lobe.

I nip at her neck, already thinking about how we’ll christen my bed later tonight. “I can’t wait.”

“Neither can I.”

I leave her to her job and head home, a list forming in my head of all I need to prepare for her. She’ll need clothes and bathroom products. I have almost seven hours until she’ll arrive. That’s more than enough time for my assistant to make my home presentable for my girlfriend.

My girlfriend.

Mine.

Since I was born, I’ve had everything I could want. Money has bought me my every whim. I could never begin to fathom all that belongs to me, and still I know there’s never been anything as beautiful and special and precious as Alayna. And she is mine. As much as I am hers. I know I appear stoic and steady, but inside, I’m delirious and dizzy with this knowledge. How could I ever believe that my strength was in impassivity? This—this never-ending rush of love and joy and vitality—this is real power.

I’m not fooling myself—this won’t be easy. There will be obstacles. Celia. My mother. My past. Her past, even. But none of that feels as monumental as what’s going on inside of me. Alayna is reason enough to fight every foe and more.

So, while much of my night is filled with preparing for Alayna’s physical presence in my life, it’s also spent formulating a plan to protect our love. I’ll find a way around Celia. I’m the one who built her; I can surely outplay her.

And Alayna…I’ll keep my secret from her. Whatever it takes, whatever the cost. She’ll never know the betrayal that brought her into my life. For her sake, I’ll hide this truth. Only for her.





Chapter Seventeen





Before





Opening the door to the loft was tricky with my mouth lip-locked to the curvy brunette I’d brought home, but somehow I managed. Inside, I pressed her against the wall and held her hands above her head, my torso digging into hers, trying to find some comfort for my raging hard-on.

I licked her lower lip and pulled my head away. “Monica, I’d like to be a gentleman about this, but there’s just no polite way to tell you how much I’m going to make you come tonight.”

She gasped, and I leaned in to nibble on her ear. The moans elicited from the sharp nip of my teeth on her lobe made my cock pulse.

She gasped again, but this time it wasn’t quite as sexy. She pushed me away from her and with an angry look over my shoulder asked, “Who the fuck is she?”

It took me a second to follow her gaze. When I did, I had to fight against the smile that tried to crawl across my lips. “Celia. I didn’t realize you’d be over tonight.”

I was as surprised as Monica to see my guest. Good thing I was excellent at winging it.

“Yeah,” Celia said, feigning embarrassment. “I guess I should have called first.” She was dressed only in a white fluffy towel, her hair wrapped in a second towel on top of her head. Even without the blush that would add to the authenticity of the moment, her speech and gestures appeared genuine.

A small burst of pride spread through me. I was impressed.

“Hudson,” Monica said, reminding me she was still there—like I could forget with my dick still throbbing in my jeans. “Who the fuck is she?”

“She’s…” I ran a hand through my hair and looked from one woman to the other, as if searching for an explanation.

“I’m Celia. A friend.” She tugged her towel higher over her lithe body. “I’m really sorry to interrupt your date. I’ll just go get dressed. Excuse me.” She apologized again as she ran to my bedroom.

“Hudson?”

I took a deep breath, removing the delight from my expression, before turning back to my date.

“She’s no one, Monica. An old friend. I didn’t know she’d be here.”

I moved back in to kiss her again, but she turned her face from mine. “Why is she here then? Does she have a key?”

Her suspicion delighted me. The entire setup of the scheme with Celia was to make my latest “girlfriend” doubt my fidelity. The experiment was meant to examine how long the subject—Monica—would stay with me if given repeated evidence that I may not be faithful. This was the first time in our relationship I’d given Monica any cause for doubt. We’d only been seeing each other for a week. I hadn’t even fucked her yet, an activity that had been on the evening’s agenda.

Until Celia had shown up, anyway. Now I was even more interested in getting it on with Monica, because, though I hadn’t expected my partner in crime to show up on this particular night, the fact that our game was proving fruitful made me very happy. Turned me on.

“Yes, she does have a key.” I did my best to sound like I was ashamed of this admission. “But only because she stays here now and then. When she’s fighting with her boyfriend. I didn’t know she’d be here.” The excuse was made up on the fly since I hadn’t been given a chance to prepare for this scenario.

Monica’s eyes widened. “She’s naked, Hudson!”

“Obviously she didn’t know I’d be here either.” I pulled her into my arms, and leaned my forehead against hers. “Come on. I’ll make her sleep on the sofa. Or we can get a hotel room.”

She melted into my body, her hands resting on my forearms. “I can’t believe I’m even considering this.”

“Monica, come on. Stay. I want you to stay.” This was easy to say because it wasn’t a lie. I’d been looking forward to burying myself inside her since the moment we’d picked her out for our experiment two weeks before. I kissed down the side of her face. “You know you want to stay too.”

“I do want to, but I don’t know.”

God, she was so close to being convinced. I rocked my pelvis into hers as I descended upon her mouth for a kiss she couldn’t say no to.

But before my lips met hers, she pulled away. “No. I can’t. Maybe this is innocent like you say, but I think it’s a cue to take a step back.”

I dropped my head with an only slightly exaggerated sigh. “Okay. I understand.” I grabbed my cock through my pants. “I’m crazy hard for you right now though. I’m going to be thinking about you all night.”

“Good. I’ll be thinking about you too.”

I escorted her out to the hall with a mixture of satisfaction and disappointment. On the one hand, she was going to present quite a challenge. That was a thrill I was looking forward to. On the other hand, she was leaving me with an ugly case of blue balls.

While we waited for the elevator, she turned to me with doe eyes. “Call me?”

“Tomorrow.” I planned to call her, but I already knew it wouldn’t be the next day. I’d make her sweat first. It would plant more seeds of doubt. “Goodnight.” I kissed her seductively, letting her know what she was missing out on.

After, I put her on the elevator. I kept her gaze locked with mine until the doors closed.

Then I went back to my apartment to deal with Celia.

She was lounging on the couch when I returned, sipping a bottle of Diet Coke. She was dressed now, or more accurately, no longer in a towel but in my bathrobe. Her hair was also no longer wrapped up, and I saw it wasn’t even wet. I suspected she had underwear on under the robe as well.

“How did it go?” she asked.

“Considering that I’m hard as stone, I’d say not very well.” I adjusted myself as I walked to the bar to make myself a drink.

“But she still wants to see you again?”

My back was to her, but I could tell she was eager for a progress report. It was understandable, though I imagined she’d listened to a good portion of it from the bedroom and already knew what had happened. Plus, it was fun to taunt her, so I delayed answering.

“You don’t seem to care that you cock-blocked me,” I said instead as I poured myself two fingers of Scotch, a recent discovery of mine.

“I don’t. I care about whether she’ll see you again.”

I turned toward her and took a sip of my drink. “She’ll see me again.”

Her entire face lit up, and she clenched her fists in a sign of victory.

While I was also feeling triumphant, there was a bone to pick. “But what the fuck, Celia? It wasn’t in the plan for you to be here tonight.”

Celia had shaped into being a great component of the experiments I conducted. She made variety possible, and I’d studied many new emotions and situations since she’d joined me nearly three years before. But as long as we’d played together, I’d always been the driver. I dictated the parameters of our research. I wrote the script. Of course, there was always a fair amount of ad-lib required, but as much as could be controlled was. And it was controlled by me.

This had been the first time Celia had surprised me in our ploy. It had been a good move, but I wasn’t ready to tell her that. Wasn’t ready to concede any of my authority.

“It was awesome improv though, wasn’t it?” She already knew she’d played well, whether I was ready to say so or not. My reprimand did nothing to shake her confident grin.

“I’ll admit no such thing.” I played smug as I joined her on the couch.

She swatted at my shoulder with the back of her hand. “Come on, it was perfect. I’m supposed to make her jealous and suspicious, and trust me, old friend naked in boyfriend’s apartment is the perfect way to do that.”

I rested an arm on the back of the sofa and studied her. “You’re extremely happy about this.”

“And you’re not?”

“Do I need to remind you of the cock-block?”

She threw her head back in frustration. “Oh, my God. You and your dick. Go whack off in the shower. You’ll be fine.” Then she curled her legs up underneath her and leaned toward me, her eyes sweet yet demanding. “Now admit that I did good.”

I hesitated. Finally, reluctantly, I conceded. “You did good.” I took another sip from my drink, letting the burn of it relax me and melt away the desire to hold onto the reins. “Actually, you did really good, Celia. Nice job.”

She wrinkled up her nose in glee as she soaked up my approval. Her pure joy somehow made it easier to continue the acknowledgment.

“You’re a lot more flexible with the experiments than you used to be,” I said. “You’ve come a long way.” There’d been quite a few in the early days that we’d barely survived. I’d never realized how naturally that scheming came to me. How hard it was to teach someone else. Yet, even with the difficulties, Celia had been born for it.

“I’d hope I’m better. We’ve been doing this now for…what? Three years?” She rolled her soda bottle in between her hands as she spoke, like a stick she was trying to rub into fire. “It’s about time I finally got a Hudson compliment.”

She was nervous, and I suddenly realized how much my acclaim meant to her. Was this the first time she’d received it?

I finished my Scotch and set the glass down on the coffee table, then peered at her with narrowed eyes. “I’ve complimented you before. Haven’t I?”

She shook her head. “I’m not complaining. I haven’t deserved it.”

I shrugged half-heartedly. She’d made mistakes, but overall I’d been pleased with her as a partner. More than pleased. I’d also been glad for her company.

She pursed her lips now, as if thinking. “Remember that couple in your building? The newlyweds?”

I nodded. How could I forget? They’d been our first experiment together.

Celia dropped her bottle into her lap and propped her elbow on the back of the couch, leaning her face onto her hand. “I’d been so nervous when I first approached him. Tim was his name. I was supposed to drop that bag of groceries, remember? And see if he’d help me with it. That was all there was to the first contact. You’d coached me and coached me. I swear I stood in that alcove of the lobby watching him flick through his mail for, I don’t know, an eternity before I had the guts to go out there. Then dropping my bag was easy because I was shaking so hard.”

“But he noticed you. He helped you with the groceries.”

“He brushed my hand even. On purpose, I think. And it was only our first meeting.” Her eyes narrowed as she lost herself in the memory. “He kept staring at my cleavage, and I remember how amazing it felt to have his attention, but at the same time, I thought he was a bit of a smarmy asshole.” She laughed. “Obviously, I got over the smarmy asshole part.”

I chuckled. “Obviously.”

It had been a great study. Celia had seduced Tim, the husband, while I’d worked my charm on the wife. My subject had resisted me, deeply devoted to her marriage, but Celia had succeeded in getting her subject in bed. Repeatedly. They’d had an all-out affair. Even when the wife had found out, she still refused to sleep with me, though she’d shown more than once that she was attracted. It had not been what I’d hypothesized. More surprising was that she forgave him for his infidelity.

I’d filed the entire experience as another attestation to the detriment of love. Why the fuck would any sane person forgive a spouse for that kind of gross unfaithfulness? It was weakness. Devotion made people stupid. There was no doubt in my mind.

“I still get nervous the first time we start any new game.” She leaned back into the corner of the couch and bent her legs up in front of her, her bare feet perching on the edge of my thigh. “And this is the first time I’ve felt comfortable changing things up without talking to you first.”

“Well, we don’t need to make that a habit now.” I pulled one of her feet into my hands and started rubbing it.

“We’ll see how it goes, I guess.”

I tried not to let that bother me. Things would morph just fine, I told myself. Whether I was in control or not.

We settled into silence. I continued my massage as I thought about how we’d both changed in the last years. Through our games, we’d become comfortable with more than just improvising. We’d found an ease in our relationship as well. We frequently staged kisses and embraces without any residual sexual tension. The undercurrent of emotional pull that had once existed between us had dissolved into something less fraught, less physical, yet intimate. We shared a rapport with each other that we had with no one else. We were…close. Friends. Partners.

I dropped her foot in my lap, ready to move to the other. The first brushed against my crotch. Celia’s forehead rose. “Is that your dick?”

“I told you I was hard.” It was actually a semi now, but certainly not flaccid, and the reminder of my pent-up lust for Monica had me stiffening again.

“Still?” She poked at my bulge with her toe and waggled her brows. “I can do something about that if you want.”

“Are you serious?” The idea alone already had me softening. We’d become close, but the idea of taking things to a physical level still seemed wrong.

“Why not?” She flicked her tongue along her lower lip. It was meant to be sexy, and any other man would probably have taken it as such. Not me.

I had to look away. “Uh, thank you, but no.” I pushed her feet off my lap to further enunciate my lack of interest in what she was proposing.

“You’re such an asshole.” Her scowl was present in her voice. “You’re a total man-whore, but you won’t let me suck you off?”

“It would ruin our relationship.”

“Whatever.”

I studied her, trying to determine if she was pulling my leg. A side effect of knowing how well a person can pretend is that you don’t know when to question their sincerity. “Are you really serious about this?”

She shrugged. “I’m excited about how tonight went. It made me horny.”

“I get the excitement.” But I wasn’t having sex with Celia. “I’ll buy you a vibrator.”

“Fine.” She folded her arms over her chest. “I’m not really interested in sucking your hairy little prick anyway.”

I couldn’t decide if she was really fine with my refusal or if now she was pretending. Either way, I was happy for the lighter turn in the conversation. I kept going in that direction. “Little? Did you just call my dick little? Maybe you need to put your foot back here again.”

“No, no, no!” She screamed as I grabbed her foot, pretending to want to pull it back to my crotch.

I held her foot in my hands while she scrambled to get away. “Just a minute ago, you were willing to put your mouth on me, and now you can’t even touch me with your foot?”

She put her hands up in surrender. “I was joking. I wouldn’t suck you, Hudson. Or fuck you. Ever. It would be…weird.”

“Very weird.” I let go of her foot, and she casually pulled her legs up under her again. “And it would mess up this.” I gestured back and forth from her to me.

She smiled. “Agreed. And this is nice.”

“I do like this.” We didn’t talk about this often. Or at all actually. We’d let our relationship evolve without commentary, but this felt like it needed to be said. Especially after her strange sexual innuendo. I had no intention of going there with her, but this—what we did have—it meant something to me. And that was interesting in itself—that any relationship I had meant something to me was unusual.

Still, if things got strange, if Celia tried to be something more than what we had, I’d be able to walk away. And I would walk away. Without looking back. Funny, then, how the idea bothered me.

It was more than I wanted to contemplate at the time. I stood and stretched, feigning a yawn. “Are you staying?”

Celia often stayed over at the loft with me, sharing my king-size bed like two school kids having a sleepover. It was never an issue, but this night I hoped she would say no. Some distance after our conversation might be needed.

But she didn’t seem to agree. “I’m staying,” she said. “Do I have any clothes still here? I couldn’t find any in the closet, and I usually have some items.”

“I hid all your things in case Monica stayed over. They’re not that hard to find. Back of the armoire, in the closet. If she snooped, she would have found them.”

“Smart.”

Celia found some of her yoga pants and a tank and went into the bathroom to change. I wondered at that as I stripped from my clothes. She usually dressed and undressed in front of me. Perhaps she also noted a lingering strangeness from our discussion. I certainly did. Normally, I’d be sleeping in boxers. Tonight I’d chosen sweats and a T-shirt.

I was already in bed when she slipped in on the other side. Without speaking, I leaned over and clicked off the lamp. I stayed on my side, facing away from her, and waited for sleep to take me over.

We lay like that for several minutes in the dark. I could tell from her breathing that she was also still awake, so it didn’t completely surprise me when she spoke.

“Do you think you’ll ever stop playing?” Her voice was smaller than usual. Thin and unsure.

Or it was just the dark messing with my senses.

I lifted my head so I could talk over my shoulder. “The game?” There was nothing else she could mean, though. “No. I’ll always play.” It wasn’t a question I’d ever even considered asking. The experiments were part of me. Even when I didn’t try, I was constantly manipulating the wills of those around me and gauging their reactions. “I don’t have a choice.”

“Of course you have a choice.”

Though I didn’t know if she could see it in the dark, I shrugged, not agreeing but not wanting to debate it further. “What about you?”

“It’s good for now.” She cleared her throat. “But I could see myself quitting one day.”

Her answer bothered me. I didn’t like that she’d thought about quitting. I didn’t like that she believed it was a possibility for her.

I rolled to my back so I could look at her and found her also laying on her back. “You’re fooling yourself. You could never quit. You love it too much.” Perhaps I was speaking for myself. But I wanted those words to be true for her. Needed them to be true for her.

She turned her head to face me. “I do love it. Parts of it, anyway.”

Parts of it. Yes, there were parts that were better than others. My favorite part was correctly guessing how a person would react to a situation. I’d gotten so good at reading people that I rarely failed to predict the outcome of the schemes we created. But even as I could anticipate results, each experiment taught me something new about human emotion—about the things I didn’t feel. I grew more and more interested in studying further. And more and more alienated from the world around me.

Except not from Celia.

The experiments had brought me closer to her. We were friends now in the way we’d always been meant to be. It occurred to me, though, that I didn’t know what it was that Celia liked about the game. I’d always assumed she’d liked it all, and I’d never thought to ask her.

So I asked her now. “Which parts?”

“Hmm,” she pretended to think about it, though I was sure she already had an answer. “The pain,” she said finally. “I like seeing people in pain.”

Her answer baffled me. I liked seeing an outcome of an experiment, and very often it was pain, but when it wasn’t, I was just as satisfied. This desire of hers intrigued me as much as any other person’s desires.

I turned toward her, propping my head up with my hand. “Why?”

“I don’t know, really. I can’t explain it.”

“Try.”

She was quiet for a while, but eventually she spoke. “It makes my own pain feel diminished somehow.”

I laughed. “What pain can you possibly have?”

“Hey, even spoiled little rich girls can have things that hurt them.” She paused again, but I waited. I knew how the dark could draw things out that hid in the light. Wasn’t that where Celia and I always met? In dark rooms? In dark situations?

Seconds ticked by in silence, but eventually she did give more. “Don’t ask me what my pain is specifically, though. I haven’t felt anything in so long that I don’t remember. But it’s there somewhere—I know it. Waiting for me. And every time someone else cries and falls apart, it gets smaller. I keep thinking if I just hurt enough people, break enough hearts, then eventually it will all go away. And I won’t have to play anymore. I can go back to feeling.”

Her monologue was slow and burdened. As though it was hard to say, or like it was the first time she’d ever thought the words. I wasn’t even sure if she was finished speaking or not, but her last statement begged for response. “Why would you want to do that?”

“Because I remember what it’s like to be in love.” She pulled the covers up to her chin, tucking herself away. Hiding.

But she exposed herself once more. “I’d like to feel that again, I think. Someday.”

“Again, I ask, why the fuck would you want to do that?”

“You’ve never been in love, Hudson. You couldn’t understand.” She turned to her side, her back to me. “Goodnight.”

It was clear the conversation was over, so I didn’t push her. Besides, I didn’t want to continue it, not really. Though I was very much interested in whatever it was that kept that hope of love burning inside of her. Even now, after all the time she’d spent with me—how could she possibly still feel that pull? I was dying to understand.

But there were other thoughts that were swimming through my head that I didn’t want to explore. Like, why now? Where did this come from? Was it connected to our playful banter earlier on the couch? Was Celia still carrying a torch that I had effectively ignored?

If I had to make a guess, I’d say that she wasn’t so much still enamored with me but with the emotion in general. Both ideas were perplexing, but I couldn’t believe that I’d missed signs of her affection for so long.

There was something else that kept me awake long after Celia had slipped into rhythmic breathing at my side. If she really did stop playing the game eventually, where would that leave me? Alone again. It had never bothered me before, but now…

Now, I’d grown accustomed to Celia’s companionship. The experiment had evolved with her help, and I’d found considerably more joy in it since she’d joined. If she didn’t continue to play, we’d have no bond between us anymore. Our friendship would fall away. And for reasons I couldn’t explain, that wasn’t something I could live with.

So I wouldn’t let it happen. We’d keep playing, and she’d see how ridiculous it was to want a happy ending. There weren’t happy endings. Not really. There were only those who got that and the fools who didn’t. Celia and I would not be the fools.





Chapter Eighteen





AFter





We’re quiet as we drive to the restaurant for my mother’s birthday. Alayna’s nervous—I’m sure that’s the reason for her silence. Mothers in general are intimidating, I hear. My mother beats them all.

I’m nervous as well, for more than one reason. First, I’m worried about subjecting Alayna to this evening with Sophia. It’s partly why I hadn’t told her about tonight. Alayna was supposed to be working, so I used that as an excuse not to bring it up. Then her plans were canceled, and I had to make a decision. She thinks she wormed her way into an invite, but, honestly, I wanted her with me. I always want her with me.

Now I’m left with a bigger problem. Celia. I’m certain she’ll be there. Her family has joined us for my mother’s birthday dinners for as long as I can remember, so the scenario isn’t unlikely. And that brings up so many potential issues. Alayna, for one, may not be happy if Celia is present. I’ve promised her I won’t spend time with Celia without her. It hadn’t even occurred to me that this evening would break that promise until I realized Alayna would be with me.

I should tell her now. But I can’t bring myself to say it because I’m hoping to God that it isn’t an issue, that Celia doesn’t come tonight. Not because Alayna will be upset, but because I don’t want to see Celia. At all.

Even the thought of it causes sweat to bead across my brow.

As the limo pulls up to the curb, I wipe my forehead and laugh inwardly at myself. I’m a man who’s generally self-assured and confident, and now, at the thought of my petite, demure childhood friend, I’m frightened. It’s my own fault. I should have contacted her before now. It’s been three days since I completely left the experiment, and I’ve yet to tell Celia. I’ve avoided it, not knowing what to say. All my focus has been on Alayna, making her part of my world, inviting her to live with me—it feels like a lifetime since Celia drove me to the airport in the Hamptons and I told her I was done. I’m not that man anymore. I’m completely new.

Stepping out of the car, I casually glance around for sight of her before reaching back to help Alayna out. Celia’s nowhere to be seen, and it shouldn’t matter if she was. She likely won’t be surprised to see us. She knows I haven’t broken things off since she showed up at my penthouse while Alayna was there. The game was supposed to have ended before that. But she can only guess what the circumstances are to have made me change the plans. I’m sure she suspects something’s different—I’ve never had a woman at my house before. Not one I was in a relationship with. Not even one I was pretending to have a relationship with. It’s a change in my pattern that Celia will not have missed.

Yes, there’s a lot to be said to Celia, a lot that’s past due. When I finally do tell her the truth, she’ll retaliate. It’s not a question.

I gesture to Alayna to go ahead of me while I make arrangements with Jordan for our pickup. A last minute urge to flee seizes me. I could call Alayna back, take her somewhere else, enjoy the evening with her to myself. My mother will throw a fit and drink more than usual, or maybe exactly as much as usual, which is already too much. But I won’t care because I’ll be far away from all of it.

Our problems wouldn’t be solved, though. Simply postponed. Which is why I decide to continue with this horror of an evening. It will be worse because Alayna is with me, but I’m strangely comforted knowing she’ll be beside me through it all.

I step into the lobby after her and look at my watch. We’re a few minutes late. This shouldn’t be a problem. I called my mother earlier to let her know I was bringing Alayna, so the table should already be prepared for us. In the elevator up to our floor, I take her hand. I need to touch her even if it’s only in this simple capacity. It gives me strength. It reminds me my power lies in her.

The tension in my neck and shoulders tightens as we ascend. I realize that I don’t know what Alayna will do when she discovers Celia is here, if she’s here. Maybe it won’t be a big deal. But if it is…? Will Alayna be tight-lipped and cold? Will she lash out? What will I say when she questions me about it? The truth is safest, but what exactly is that?

More than once I lean toward Alayna with the intent of telling her that Celia may be here. Each time I stop myself. Finally, I start praying for the improbable. Don’t let her be here. Tomorrow, I’ll contact her. I’ll start making things right with her. Though I have no idea how.

Much too soon, long before I’m prepared, we are led by the host to my family’s table. Everyone’s there—Chandler, my parents, Mira and Adam, the Werners. Celia.

My stomach drops.

I know the moment Alayna spots her. She releases my hand and looks at me with pain-stricken features. “I thought you said this was family only,” she mumbles. And she bolts.

Well, that wasn’t a reaction I’d expected.

I nod to my family, catching my mother’s scowl as I make an apology. “She left something in the car. Excuse us a moment.” Then I follow after my date. While she may just need a moment to calm down, she has to know she can’t run from me. I will always come after her.

She takes the stairs. I pause at the door, trying to discover if she’s gone up or down. Her shoes echo on the concrete, but when I peer over the rail, I don’t see her below me. So I head to the roof.

At the top of the stairs, I open the heavy door and spot her rushing past the lounge area to the far edge of the space. There’s not many people here—a couple absorbed in each other on a couch, a small party conversing around an unlit fire pit. Not wanting to make a scene, I slow my pursuit. Alayna’s trapped in my sight. I can’t lose her.

When I’m close to her, I stop. Her back is to me, taking deep breaths. Her body rises and falls with each new lungful of air. I want to reach for her, but I’m tentative. Though I’m ready to move everything in my life to be with her, our whole arrangement is new to me. I’m making mistakes already, and I’m desperate not to make more.

I should have told her.

Now I have to say something, so I settle on the only thing that comes to mind. “The Werners are practically family.”

She doesn’t turn toward me. “Right. Uh-huh.”

“What, do you think I didn’t tell you on purpose?” Okay, I didn’t tell her on purpose, but not for the reasons she thinks. I’m in defense mode, and my phrasing tends to get manipulative when I am.

She chortles. “You don’t want to know what I’m thinking.”

“Actually, I do.”

She spins toward me. “No, you don’t.”

I watch her as she backs away from me, stopping when she meets the wall. She should be angry at me. Aggressive, not retreating. There’s more to this than simply jealousy, but I don’t understand what.

And I want to understand. “Trust me when I tell you I do.”

“Hudson, you can’t say that when you don’t know what I want to say.” Her voice is strained, as if she’s holding back. “It’s not good. In fact, you need to leave me alone. Or I’m going to blame you for things. Things I’m probably overreacting about, and you’re going to be offended. And I’m going to lose you.”

The light goes on, and I feel like an idiot. She’s told me that she makes things bigger than they are, and here she is, afraid that that’s what she’s doing. She’s not, of course. I deserve her accusations, misguided as they may be. I deserve blame.

But, asshole that I am, I don’t tell her that. It will push her away, and I need—she needs—to be pulled in. So I do everything I can to make her see that her issues don’t scare me. Make her see that I’m not going anywhere. “You aren’t going to lose me.” I take a step toward her to prove it.

Her face is anguished, disbelieving. “You haven’t seen this side of me, Hudson. You don’t know.”

I don’t know what she’s like, what she can be like. I’ve seen glimpses of her obsessive tendencies, but nothing substantial. She’s been so strong, hiding her weaknesses from me.

I’m selfish because, even though I won’t show her all my darkness, I want to witness hers. “Then I need to stay. I need to see every side of you.”

Because I’ll love her through it all.

She shakes her head and bites her sexy red-painted lip, and I can tell she’s fighting tears.

But she’s also considering. I see it in her eyes. So I press her. “Go ahead. Ask me.”

“It won’t be asking; it will be accusing.” Her voice is smaller, and I can tell her resolve is weakening. It won’t take much to coax her thoughts out of her.

Am I a bully because I’m pressing her like this? Am I a masochist because I’m eager to hear what she has to say? Her accusations won’t be accurate, but I deserve to be questioned and grilled. I deserve to have to fight for her.

That’s not why I push her. I push her because I can’t live without her, and that means all of her, even this. “Do it,” I say. “I want to hear it. I need to know what you’re thinking. Trust me.”

She lets go. “You didn’t invite me tonight because you knew she’d be here.” It’s barely a whisper.

I nod in understanding. It’s not the reason I didn’t invite her, but if I’d known this morning that Alayna didn’t have to work this evening, I don’t know if I would have invited her then, either. And Celia would be the reason.

That admission would lead to things I don’t want to talk about, things I don’t want to face, and so I say, “That’s not true. I told you why I didn’t invite you. And I did invite you in the end. You’re here.”

“But you didn’t want to at first.” Though she won’t meet my eyes, her posture is stronger. “That’s probably why you had to doll me up. To show up Celia, whatever your game with her is. It wasn’t about your mother at all.”

This punches me in the gut. “You’re right.”

Her head whips up.

“You’re right that it wasn’t about my mother. It was about you. I wanted everyone to see how beautiful you are. How beautiful the woman who loves me is.” It’s hard for me to even say these words because I know that she really does love me and I don’t deserve it.

Worse, she doesn’t understand how much her affection means to me.

“Celia. You wanted to show Celia, you mean.”

I shake my head, not knowing how to get through to her.

“She’s here, Hudson!” she shouts. “She’s here with free rein, and I had to beg to be here. And you told me you wouldn’t see her without me. What is she to you?”

“Nothing. An old friend.” An enemy, maybe, depending on how things play out.

“Bullshit.” Her voice cracks. “Otherwise you would have told me about this dinner from the beginning. You were hiding it from me.” She points an accusing finger at me. “Because you knew she would be here too.”

“I didn’t know.” I close my eyes and take a breath. Will I always have to live like this? Skirting the truth? Dodging the past?

My only hope is to give as much honesty as I can. “I suspected,” I admit. “But she’s not here because of me. Her mother is my mother’s best friend. You know that.”

“Fuck that. She’s twenty-eight years old. She’s old enough to not go to every goddamn function with her mother. She’s here for you.”

There’s truth to this. Though our relationship hasn’t ever been romantic—not really—we’ve clung to each other like two orphaned hatchlings, birds of a feather. Our circles always entwined. If it were her mother’s birthday, I’d be there. I’d called it friendship. Now I see it for what it really is—habit. And obligation. And fear.

That ends now. It doesn’t matter if Celia’s here for me. It only matters who I’m here with. “And I’m here with you,” I tell Alayna. It’s raw. It’s honest. It’s the most important thing I’ve said to anyone in quite some time.

“She’s still in love with you.” Her jealousy and fears are evidence of her claim on me.

It turns me on.

“And I’m with you.” I can’t stand our distance anymore. Not literally or figuratively. I need her. I need her to obsess about me, to love me so deeply that it rocks her world, because it’s how I love her. I cross to her, bracing my arms on either side of her. “I’m with you.”

Her hands reach for my jacket as I move closer. I press into her, and she responds by leaning into me. She notices my erection, and her eyes spark with questioning want.

“I’m hard for you and only you. It’s you that I adore.” I kiss along her neck. She moans, and my cock jumps.

This isn’t about me, though. This conversation is about her—about soothing her, pleasing her, showing her that she owns me in every way.

I crash my lips to hers, stroking and caressing her mouth with my tongue. I kiss her in a way that I know will make her wet. Make her drip with her desire.

“I’m with you,” I say again when I break the kiss. I repeat it to her over and over like a mantra, like a soundtrack to the love scene we’re performing. A love scene that’s about to get fucking hot.

I gather the skirt of her dress up and tuck it into her panties, slipping my fingers inside. The smell of her cunt drifts up, and my dick turns to stone. The faint laughter in the background reminds me that there are people nearby, but I can’t stop myself. In fact, their nearness fuels my lust.

Alayna doesn’t seem bothered by them either. I rub against her clit, massaging her in the ways I’ve learned she likes. Her hips buck into my hand.

“That’s it,” I coax her between kisses, my fingers working her. “Relax. Let me be with you.”

My hand moves down her pussy, and I slide two fingers into her hole. She’s warm and tight and wet. The sounds she makes as I fuck her with my fingers—whimpers and breathy little moans—drives me mad. My cock is throbbing, begging for release.

But I have more to say. More I need to tell her. I drop to my knees and pull her panties to her ankles. I leisurely drag my tongue down the length of her cunt. “It’s you that I’m about to go down on,” I tell her. “It’s you I’m going to make come with my mouth, so that when we go back down there and you start to feel insecure, you will still be wet and you’ll remember my lips were on you and no one else.”

My words alone make her squirm. Now I’m going to make her writhe.

I lift her foot from her panties and toss her leg over my shoulder. Then I go down on her in earnest. I suck and lick and nip at her clit, thrusting three fingers into her hole. I bend a finger, rubbing against the spot that I know will make her come. And she does. She rocks forward as she gushes over my hand, into my mouth. God, she tastes so good.

She’s still coming when I stand and press my erection against her hand. “Take it out,” I demand. Even if I could manage to settle down enough to return to dinner with my family, I’d still have to fuck her first. This is a crucial part of what I have to say to her. I’m here with her—I told her that with my mouth and my hands—but she’s also here with me. This I’m going to tell her with my cock.

“We’re not alone.” She’s just noticed.

If I wasn’t so goddamned hard, I’d take a moment to savor the knowledge that I’d sucked her into oblivion.

But I’m pulsing with need. “Take it out. I don’t care about anyone or anything but being inside you right now. I have to be inside you.”

She does as I’ve asked. I lower my pants only enough to free my dick. Then I lift her, bracing her against the wall, and thrust into her cunt. Hard.

“Goddamn, your pussy is so good.” I move in and out of her with quick jabs. “Do you hear me? Your pussy makes me this hard. No one else’s.”

Her whimpers move in time to my drives. It’s so hot, and I’m about ready to explode, but I keep reminding her as I continue to pound into her. Keep reassuring her. “When we go back down to dinner, I will smell like you and you will smell like me. And you’ll remember that we are together. I am with you.”

I don’t have to tell her to come with me. She does anyway, and I take it as a sign I’ve gotten my point across. She bites my shoulder, muffling her scream as my release rips into my words “No one but you.”

No one but you.

No one but her, never before, never again. My commitment runs deep, and there’s no end to it. She’s inside me, wrapped around me like a tumor. There’s no way to cut her away without cutting into me. Without killing me.





When we join my family for dinner, we’re both calmer. Mirabelle greets Alayna warmly, as does my father. The latter doesn’t please me, but I remember the rooftop—I’m with Alayna, she’s with me. My father is not a threat.

My mother’s her usual self—drunk and bitchy. For the most part, though, she’s manageable. Celia’s the one I’m most concerned with. I steal a few glances at her throughout the evening. She’s unreadable. She’s good.

By the time dinner arrives, I’ve relaxed considerably. Whatever Celia is planning, there won’t be a scene. Not here, anyway. I may even get away without speaking to her at all tonight. Maybe there actually is a God.

I’ve just taken my first bite of duck crepes when Warren strikes a conversation. “I’m very sorry to hear about your Plexis deal,” he says around a mouthful of steak au poivre.

We’d bantered business earlier, but nothing personal until now.

“You win some, you lose some.” Though I’m still disappointed with the loss of Plexis, I’m in the process of getting the company back, thanks to Alayna. It’s too early to share this type of news with others, so I don’t mention it.

Besides, there’s another plan I’ve been toying with, a plan that might insure me some leverage, but a lot needs to line up if I’m to pursue it. Part of that includes information that I can only get from Warren. “Is GlamPlay still looking to buy into Werner Media?”

Warren shrugs. “They’re toying with me. Haven’t made up their mind.” He takes a swallow of his wine. “It would be a great advantage for both corporations, but I can’t quite convince them of that.”

I nod, digesting the information. Pierce Industries has heavy influence over GlamPlay. They’re a company I’ve considered purchasing for a while. For my plan to work, GlamPlay needs to buy shares in Werner Media first. I’ll have to get Norma to see how we can make that happen.

Meanwhile, I need to shore up my own investments in Werner’s company. “How much is GlamPlay looking to buy?”

“Thirty percent is on the table. Any more than that would put me at a liability.”

“Of course.” With the ten percent I already own, plus the thirty percent that GlamPlay could own, I would be at forty percent total holdings. I’m not sure that’s enough. “Is the portion on the table from your shares or from the other investors?”

He offers me a grin. “All from me.”

It leaves Warren with forty percent as well. It’s a risky move on his part, leaving himself with less than fifty percent of the ownership. But he’s right that GlamPlay will bring benefits that will increase the overall worth, and as long as he has the majority shares, he’s in a good position.

So I just need to make sure he doesn’t have the majority. I’ll need to convince another investor to sell. Another star that has to align.

As if he can read my mind, he says, “Are you interested in further investing? Bishop is looking to sell his two percent. Great time to buy. Prices are going to go up if GlamPlay invests.”

Bingo.

“I’ll have my people contact Bishop tomorrow.” This idea of mine is working out better than I thought. The prospects excite me for many reasons, not the least of which is because it’s a version of the game. Making good business deals always is. Just like chess. It’s strategic and secretive and often manipulative, but much more ethical. Work is where I exercise my need to play. It’s thrilling.

But not as thrilling as life with Alayna. I tuck away the newfound information and turn my attention to her. Loading my fork with a piece of my crepe that doesn’t have any mushrooms, I offer her a bite. Her lips slide along the silver, and all I can think about is how beautiful she looks when her lips curl around my cock.

“Divine,” she says.

“I could say the same thing.” I’m not subtle about my meaning.

Madge reddens and clears her throat. I guess I’d spoken louder than I’d meant to. Oh well. Maybe this will make her forget her silly ideas about me marrying her daughter. Though whether it does or not, I’m not really concerned.

Talk turns to Mirabelle’s pregnancy. The whole table joins in. It’s hard to ignore the excitement of a new baby. I know this from experience.

Also from experience, I recognize the tension in Mirabelle’s voice when she suggests hyphenating the baby’s last name to Sitkin-Pierce. It’s a ridiculous idea, and I know she’s only saying it for my mother’s benefit. Even more ridiculous is how my mother makes Mirabelle think she needs to say it.

“It’s not the same.” At least Sophia isn’t encouraging the idea. “Sitkin-Pierce is not Pierce. So the bloodline continues, but not the name.”

It’s that one statement that makes me fear for this conversation. If I know my mother—and I do—it won’t be pretty. I watch the pieces line up for the accident that I’m certain is about to take place: Adam reminds us that Chandler could have a Pierce child. My father slips in his doubt that Chandler really is a Pierce.

Then Sophia says it, the thing I’ve been dreading. “Hudson and Celia’s baby could have been both.”

It’s at this moment that I realize how my lack of emotion has enabled me to survive a life with my mother. Her drunken antics, her caustic comments, her cold indifference—none of it has ever fazed me. They’ve skimmed off the surface of my shields, leaving only faint scuffs and shallow dents.

Now, though, with Alayna in my life, my armor is down. And I feel every hit.

I’m angry. She has no right. She’s not only hurting Alayna but Mirabelle and Celia. Probably the Werners as well. While my mother can’t know all the memories and pains that she dredges up with this casual statement, she isn’t so ignorant as to not realize its inappropriateness.

I plan to say something, but I want to be in control of my rage before I do. I’m unused to having to rein in emotion, and it takes me a minute. Meanwhile, it’s my father who speaks out. “Not this again, Sophia. Really? Goddammit, I won’t listen to this.” He tosses his napkin down and stands. “Thank you everyone, I wish I could say it has been a lovely evening, but, well, I’ll leave it at that. I’ll take care of the bill on my way out. The rest of you stay and enjoy. Order dessert. As for my wife, I’m not going to invite her to rot in hell, as I probably should, because I think she already lives there. At least hell is where anyone who spends time with her feels like they’ve been sent.”

My father’s outburst surprises everyone. For me, I find that within the surprise is lucidity. Jack hasn’t had the emotional shelter that I have had. Perhaps I’ve placed too much blame on him for my mother’s behavior. Maybe it’s her that drove him to infidelity in the first place. Maybe the situation is more complicated than I’ve realized. Even with all my study, I couldn’t realize how easy it was to get hurt and be hurt in a relationship until I was in love with someone myself.

Sophia’s unaffected by his departure. “What a drama queen.” She takes a bite of her food. “I was merely pointing out that we had a chance at a Pierce grandchild and now it’s gone.”

Adam makes a snide remark, but I don’t pay any attention. I’m collected now. I’m ready to have my say. “I could have a child with Alayna.”

Admittedly, the main purpose of my comment is to goad my mother, but it doesn’t change its truth. I’ve never given much thought to children except for that brief moment of time that I almost became the father of Celia’s baby. I’ve had no desire to continue my line, and, to be fair, I’m sure my mother had understood that about me. It’s likely encouraged the notion that her one and only chance to have a Hudson Pierce child has slipped away. Babies were not in my future.

Now, with Alayna, it’s suddenly possible.

Without looking at her, I sense her astonishment. She’s not the one I meant to shock, and I feel a bit guilty. This should have been a conversation first discussed in private. A second rush of fury washes over me at being put in this position in the first place. I smother it by focusing on my plate, taking another bite of my dinner.

Despite the unfortunate timing of my declaration, it hits its mark. “Are you talking marriage and children already? It’s early for that, Hudson. Incredibly early.”

“Oh Mother, don’t be so old-fashioned. You don’t need to be married to have children.” I take a swallow of my wine. “And what Alayna and I are discussing is frankly none of your business.”

Sophia’s eyes narrow. “You brought it up.”

“I was stating that I could father a child, and that would continue both your precious bloodline and your precious name.” I’m calm, in control, even as I reveal myself. “And the only person I could ever imagine wanting to have a child with is Alayna.”

Before when we were with my mother, my relationship with Alayna was a ruse. Though much of what was supposed to be pretend was actually very real, this is the moment where Alayna has to know exactly how sincere I am about us. Because I’m very serious.

After everything my mother has said and done this evening, it seems it’s this pronouncement that has caused the most tension.

“Hudson, I…” Alayna stiffens at my side, and I’m afraid I’ve gone too far. Scared her off. For the first time, it occurs to me that she may not be as invested in me as I am in her.

No, I can’t think about that. She’s probably just uncomfortable with all the eyes pinned on us.

I place my hand on her leg to reassure her—to reassure me—and apologize with my eyes before turning to my mother. “The point is that you need to let the past go, Mother. There is still a future to look forward to. For all of us.” For me and Alayna.

I turn my focus back to my girlfriend. As my hand strokes up and down her thigh, I tell her with my eyes words I wish I could say. Our future is bright, Alayna. You are the only one who matters to me. I’m with you. I love you. Always.

My gaze is locked with hers, so I notice her eyes fill. God, please let those be happy tears.

She excuses herself to use the powder room.

My mother barely waits until Alayna’s out of earshot before she starts in. “Well, look, Hudson. You scared her off with your talk of a future. She’s smart enough to know there’s no such thing with a man like you.”

“Oh, stop it,” Mirabelle says. “If anyone scared her off, it was you.”

Warmth spreads through my chest. I do have a great kid sister. This isn’t a revelation, but rather a reminder. I’ll have to remember to tell her thanks sometime.

As for everyone else, I’m ready to be done with them. I wipe my mouth with my napkin and stand. “Actually, Mother, powder room is our code for DTF.”

Mirabelle and Celia gasp while Adam tries to hide a laugh. Chandler even looks up from his phone, his eyes wide in admiration.

I cross to my mother’s chair, and before she can ask what it means, I say, “Google it. You’ll learn something.” I bend to kiss her cheek. “Happy birthday, Mother. Perhaps next year you can manage to make it through the meal without running anyone off.”

“You’re charming as always, Hudson,” she says, her words drenched in sarcasm.

“Aren’t I?”

As I head to the bathrooms, I hear Chandler laughing as he explains to my mother, “It means down to fuck, Mom. He means he’s meeting Alayna for a booty call.”

I’m still smiling when I make it to the restrooms. I use the facilities, taking time to clean up a bit from our earlier tryst on the roof. When I leave, I notice Mirabelle heading into the women’s restroom. And Celia heading out.

She sees me and starts toward me. I realize that this is it. I can’t avoid talking to her any longer.

Fortunately, she doesn’t look angry. A tiny smirk rests on her lips. It’s playful. As if she’s going to scold me, but that’s all.

I’m hopeful.

“So…?” she asks.

I glance behind her toward the women’s room, afraid Alayna may walk out any minute, or that I’ve already missed her.

“She’s still in there,” Celia says, guessing at my worry. “She’s fine. Now spill.”

I run a hand through my hair, wishing I’d dealt with this earlier. “I’m sorry. I should have called you.”

“Probably.” She folds her arms over her chest. “Did you decide you needed more time with the game, then?”

It crosses my mind that I could let her believe that. I could explain that this time with Alayna is just a chance to further gain her affections. That doesn’t sit right, though. Not only will it cause more problems in the future, but I don’t want to lie about my feelings anymore. Especially my feelings about Alayna. “No, the game is over. This is…this is real.”

Her brow furrows. “Are you…? I can’t tell if you’re kidding or not. Did you…”she pauses as if she can’t believe the question she’s about to ask “…fall in love with her?”

It’s a betrayal to say it out loud to someone before telling Alayna, but it’s necessary. “I did. I am. In love with her.”

The scene is surreal—Celia and I discussing love in a nonclinical context. She’s as baffled by it as I am. “But you’ve never—”

I cut her off. “No, I haven’t ever. It’s the first time. I’m…I’m…” I don’t have the words for all that I’m feeling. It’s partly why I haven’t reached out to her before this.

“You’re speechless.” Her eyes are wide but also bright. She lets out a laugh. “God, I’ve never seen you like this.”

“Neither have I.”

“Wow.” She brings her hand to cover her mouth, suppressing another awkward laugh. “I’m so surprised. Forgive me if I seem flustered. I’m just really, really surprised.”

“You’re not the only one.” My eyes dart back to the restroom as another woman goes in. Alayna still hasn’t emerged.

“And she’s in love with you too?” Celia calls my attention back with this question.

This I don’t hesitate to answer. “I really think she is.” I know she is. There’s not a doubt in my mind, and I want to shout it from every rooftop.

“I think you’re right. The way she looks at you…” Celia sighs. Then her eyes crinkle in distrust. “You promise you aren’t trying to pull one over on me? You really feel something for her?”

It’s funny how she’s as suspicious of me as I am of her. “I promise. This is the real thing.” Now, the most important thing. “Which is why I can’t play this game anymore.”

I brace myself for her reaction, holding my breath as I wait.

“Of course not.” Her expression says she’s appalled that I even mentioned the game. “I mean, I knew you were into her, but I thought it was just sex and that’s why I was pushing you to keep playing. I had no idea it was serious.”

I’m not sure what she’s saying. “Are you…okay…with this then?”

“Why wouldn’t I be? You mean because of the scheme? Is that why you were so distant during dinner? Did you think I’d be upset about this?”

It’s my turn to be shocked. “You’ve never been one to drop an experiment.”

“No, I haven’t. But this is a totally different situation.” She bites her lip. “I’m worried it’s too late though. We’ve already pushed her too far.”

I tense. “What do you mean?”

“In the bathroom just now. She…” She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. “It’s probably nothing, but she cornered me. Verbally attacked me.”

My stomach knots. I’d thought I’d eased Alayna enough regarding me and Celia, but apparently I haven’t. “What did she say?”

She shakes her head dismissively. “It doesn’t matter what she said exactly. But she was possessive. It seemed to be a repeat of behavior straight out of her file. I think she may already be relapsing.”

I don’t believe this in the least. Alayna’s issues all stem from my own secretive relationship with Celia. It’s a natural response, not a relapse. “I’m not concerned about it.”

“You’re not concerned? But if she needs therapy—”

“If she needs therapy, I’ll get it for her. What she really needs is reassurance.” I can see that Celia is skeptical. “Look—you’re the ex-girlfriend in her eyes. Isn’t it common to have some jealousy in that arena?”

“Yes. I suppose you’re right. Forget I said anything. She loves you, and she’s protecting what’s hers.” She dabs at the corner of her eye, and it’s then I notice she’s teary. “I’m sorry; I wasn’t prepared for all this. I’m a little flustered.”

I’m equally unprepared. I’d expected lashing out and defiance. Not tears. I place a hand on her upper arm. “Celia…are you okay?”

She waves a hand at her face. “I’m fine. I’m touched. Jesus, what’s going on with this world? Hudson Pierce falling in love, and me getting touched by it. Who would have thought?” She looks down at her shoes. “This is a good thing, though. Surprising, but good.”

The relief that fills me spreads through every fiber of my body. I’d been convinced Celia would not approve of my recent emotional developments. She was as die-hard about the game as I was.

Wasn’t she? Or had I simply assumed she shared my own commitment?

I remember back to the night she told me she was still holding out for a man to sweep her off her feet. It was five years ago, possibly six. I haven’t thought about it in some time, and now I wonder if she’d been holding onto that desire all this time. And if she has been, what’s the reason that she hasn’t looked for it? Is it me? Have I been holding her back, keeping her bound to this ridiculous romance-free notion of a life?

Fuck.

How many times have I ruined this woman’s life? Can the mess I’ve made ever be undone? It’s small retribution, but I give her the permission that I suspect she’s waiting for. “Maybe it’s time for you to let love in as well.”

She rolls her eyes. “Pssh.” Then she considers, letting the suggestion settle over her. “Maybe,” she concedes finally. She thinks about it another few seconds before shaking her head. “But let’s not talk about me right now. Does Alayna know about…?” She looks around to make sure no one’s listening and then lowers her voice. “You haven’t told her, have you?”

I know what she’s talking about without her spelling it out. The game. The experiment that brought Alayna into my life in the first place. The weight of this secret slumps my shoulders. “No. I don’t think I can.”

“You can’t.” She’s adamant, her eyes ablaze with her insistence. “Not if you want to keep her. Trust me on this. I’ve been scammed by you before. There’s no way she’ll love you after that.”

This isn’t news. But the confirmation coming from the one person who could possibly understand Alayna’s position is jarring. I don’t want to hear this. I don’t want to believe that there is anything that could make me lose Alayna’s love.

Celia steps toward me, her expression regretful. “I’m not saying that to upset you. I just—”

“I know.” I don’t need Celia to feel bad about this. “It’s the truth. I have to keep it from her. It’s only you and me that know—”

“And I won’t tell her.”

It hadn’t crossed my mind that she would, but now I have to secure that she won’t. “I hate to ask this, but do you swear that?”

“I swear, Hudson. Not only because you asked me not to, but because it’s the code. We don’t speak about the game to anyone. Even if we’re not playing anymore, old rules apply.”

“Thank you.” I look again toward the restrooms, but my thoughts are on Celia. She has a streak of darkness in her that I can’t deny. She’s a sadist. While my experiments were always a sterile study of human behavior and emotion, she repeatedly felt glee at the expense of others. It’s made me wary of her.

Yet, even though I’m the one who taught and nurtured her perverse nature, she’s never turned it back on me. Time and time again, she’s stood by me, been my only confidant, shared the deepest bond in the keeping of our ruthless secrets.

And now, she’s supporting me in a way that I’d never expected. Letting me move on when I always held her back. “You’ve been a better friend than I’ve given you credit for.”

“Back at you.” She squeezes my hand. “A really good friend, Hudson. You saved me, you know.”

I meet her eyes. They’re still watery, and she blinks several times, probably trying to keep her tears from spilling. It occurs to me that I owe Celia the same acknowledgment. If not for her pushing me to the game, I wouldn’t have Alayna now. I don’t have the time or the words to explain the extent of my gratitude, so I simply say, “You saved me too.”

She squeezes my hand once more before letting it go. “I have to go back. Good luck, Hudson. I mean that.” Then she leaves.

Alayna and Mirabelle appear with impeccable timing. The ache that always fills me when Alayna’s not with me eases at the sight of her. But my mind is tied up in the encounter with Celia. Long after we’ve left the restaurant and are buckled in the back of the limo, I’m replaying phrases, coming to a fuller understanding of truths that were exposed in our brief conversation.

I dwell most on what I’ve done to Celia throughout our friendship. And also on what I’ve done to Alayna, what I’m still keeping from her. These thoughts send me into a spiral of self-loathing and deprecation that I haven’t ever experienced. Not at this level.

When we arrive at the penthouse, I’m so consumed in myself that I send Alayna away, telling her I have work to do. I can’t be with her when I’m like this. She doesn’t deserve this. I don’t deserve her. Still I won’t let her go. I can never let her go, no matter how unworthy I am.

But how long before she discovers the worst of me and leaves? More and more, I feel the inevitability of that day. And then will it destroy her like it destroyed Celia? I can’t bear the thought.

The cursor blinks on the empty document open on my computer screen, keeping me locked in my pitiful trance as the night passes. I’m aware of Alayna in the background—always aware of her. She runs on the treadmill, her music blaring through the house stereo as she does. She showers. Then the house quiets, and I assume she’s gone to bed.

Lyrics from one of the songs she played stays with me—a woman’s voice singing about her darkness, wondering if her lover could love her dark side. It’s apropos, and I wonder if Alayna realizes it. I wonder if my distance tonight has pushed her away already. I don’t want to push her away; I want to pull her in.

Then what the fuck am I doing sitting alone at my desk?

I shake my head at my stupidity. I’d told her earlier that I was with her. Always with her. It was a promise that I’ve already broken because here I am wrapped in my self-hate, and that’s miles away from her and her love.

I turn off my computer and go to her. Undressing quickly, I slip into the covers and spoon behind her. She’s naked, and I know that it’s an invitation. So, though she’s sleeping, I wrap my hands around her torso and kiss along the angles of her body.

She sighs into me, opening her legs for me so I can slip my cock into her warmth. We make love like this, quietly, intently. In this silent act of passion, she brings me back—back to the man that can be trusted and loved and present.

Afterward, when we’ve found our breathing, when we’ve found each other, she asks, “Where did you go? Earlier.”

I nuzzle against her. “Does it matter? I’m here now.”

She wants more, words that I can’t give, promises that she’s not ready to hear, walls to crumble that are too strongly built. There are things I can’t tell her—not yet, not ever—but there are also things I can say. I pull her underneath me, stretching my body on top of her so she can feel the weight of my company. So that everywhere our skin meets, she can feel I’m with her.

I rock into her and begin whispering in the language of love. “Mon amour. Mon précieux,” I say at her ear. “Mon chéri. Mon bien-aimé.” My love. My precious. My cherished. My beloved.

I tell her this over and over in between kisses as I roll in and out of her. I tell her that I’m with her. Always with her. With all that I can give her. With every part of me that matters—the places that she’s awakened, the dark corners that she’s lit with her love.

I can’t give her all of me, but I can do this. I pray that it’s enough.





Chapter Nineteen





“Hudson.”

Celia’s voice on the other end of my office line surprises me. I haven’t spoken to her since my mother’s birthday four days before, but it isn’t the length of time between then and now that throws me. It’s the tone in her voice. There’s something I can’t identify beneath that one word. Something…off.

My body tenses immediately. “What’s wrong?”

“I need to see you. Now.”

I have a business meeting and two phone calls left before my day is over. Then I hope to convince Alayna to join me on my trip to Japan to try to win back Plexis. “Now’s not good, Celia. Can I call you tonight?”

“No. It’s urgent.” Her voice is tight with emotion. “It’s Alayna.”

She won’t tell me more than that, insisting that she has to see me face-to-face. There have been many times that Celia has snapped her fingers expecting me to jump. I rarely obeyed. This time, I do. Not only because she’s said the magic word—Alayna—but because her demeanor is so completely foreign. It’s fragile and fearful. These are traits I haven’t seen from my old friend since she lost her baby ten years ago.

I ask my secretary to cancel my afternoon and am out of the office within seven minutes. My mind wants to jump to conclusions, wants to settle on the worst possible reasons for this impromptu meeting, but I don’t allow myself to think about anything but getting to The Bowery. Celia’s riled me up so completely that I didn’t even argue when she declared the meeting place as my penthouse. Though, as I take the elevator up, I remind myself once again that I need to take away her key.

Inside my apartment, I find she’s not alone. My parents are there as well, and a man that I recognize from pictures in Alayna’s file as her brother. I suddenly wish I’d tried to contact Alayna on my way home. Has she been hurt? Has there been an accident? Is that why everyone’s here, to tell me something I don’t want to hear? Something I can’t hear?

I’m on edge now, but I hide it.

I hold a hand out to the stranger. “Hudson Pierce.”

“Brian Withers.” His shake is firm enough, but I can’t help resenting him for the troubles he’s given Alayna. “Good to finally meet you.”

“You as well. Though you’ll pardon me for not being privy to the circumstances in which we’re gathered.” I direct this last comment to Celia. She’s the one who holds the answers.

“I was just getting to that, Hudson. Why don’t you sit down?” Her voice is heavy, as though she’s a doctor about to deliver a terminal diagnosis.

It’s unnerving, and again I’m struck with a cold bolt of fear. Please, God, let Alayna be okay.

Then I remind myself that though she sounds sincere, I’ve heard Celia use that tone many times when she’s not. So I remain wary. “I’ll stand.”

“Whichever you prefer.”

“I prefer you explain what’s going on.” There’s an edge to my words that I recognize as completely unwarranted. Celia had surprised me when she declared her support of me and Alayna, but I didn’t doubt her earnestness. Why am I so ready then to battle her now?

It’s because I’d rather a battle than any other news she could give me. I’d rather fight her than find I have no reason left to fight.

“Calm down, Hudson.” My mother is the last person who can calm me. Her presence alone is a distress. “Pour yourself a drink.”

“Of course that would be your solution,” my father mutters.

It’s the usual banter of my family. Normally, I would echo the sentiment. Right now I only want to hear what Celia has to say.

She senses I’m losing my patience and clears her throat, preparing to deliver what I can’t help but assume is a show. “There’s no other way to say this except to just come out and say it. Alayna has been…well, she’s been harassing me.”

I’m instantly relieved. She’s okay. There’s been no accident. No body waiting to be identified in a morgue.

But the respite is short-lived as a new storm of emotions overtakes me.

“Not just harassment,” Celia clarifies. “She’s been—I hate to use the word, but it’s the one that fits—stalking me. Calling me. Following me.”

“Stalking you, Celia?” I’m incredulous. Alayna knows not to spend time with Celia. She wouldn’t break that vow, would she?

“Stalking, Hudson,” she confirms.

Brian pinches the bridge of his nose. “Not this again.”

I want to punch him. Because even if I didn’t know to question the source of the accusation, I would not jump to believe anything spoken against Alayna.

But more than that, I want to punch Celia. I realize now why she’s included my family here. It’s the only way she can say these lies and stand a chance of being heard. “This is bullshit. Get the fuck out.”

“Hold on, Hudson.” Celia crosses to me. “Before you decide not to believe me, listen to what I have to say. I have proof.”

She hands me a stack of papers. I consider tossing them to the ground, but there are other people in the room. Throwing a tantrum will not win them to my side. My eye twitches, but I focus on the page on top. It’s a call log. Celia’s, to be precise. Several phone calls have been made to her from the same number. Alayna’s number.

“This proves nothing.” Celia must have stolen her phone somehow. Or paid someone to use it. Maybe someone at the club? I shove the papers back at her.

She doesn’t take them, ignoring them to answer the ding on her phone. My mother grabs the log out of my hand instead. She can have them.

“And look at this,” Celia says, turning her phone toward me.

On her screen is an image that seems to have been sent by text. The woman in the picture has her back to the camera, but it’s clearly Alayna.

“This is at the job site where I’ve been working this week. Fit Nation. She’s shown up there so many times to bother me that I asked the front desk guy to document it the next time she came in. This is from today, Hudson. Twenty minutes ago.”

I shake my head. “This is ridiculous.”

“You just don’t want to hear it.” She returns her phone to her slack pockets.

I get it now. I see her angle. She never meant the kind words of support she delivered at the restaurant. She meant to throw me off guard. It’s the next play in her game.

It doesn’t surprise me, but it stings. I’d wanted to believe that we shared something beyond the hateful schemes we concocted. I’d wanted to think that she actually…cared…for me. The way that I suspected that I cared for her.

No more. The blinders are off. If we’re meant to be foes, so be it.

I step toward her. We’re face-to-face now. Close enough that she can see I’m serious when I say, “Drop it, Celia. Let this go.” There’s no mistaking that this is a threat. She may hold things over me, but she can’t forget that I hold things over her as well.

She doesn’t back down. “There’s more. Besides the calls, Alayna’s shown up at restaurants while I was dining, left messages with my office, followed me on the street.”

“It’s a bunch of goddamned lies.” I narrow my eyes, accusing. “This is what you wanted to happen, and when it didn’t, you made it up.”

“I didn’t want it to happen, Hudson.” Celia leans in so that I’m the only one who can hear her. “Not anymore.”

Her expression is not only genuine but desperate. It’s not a look I’ve seen before on her. She can be cold, calculating, but this…this is different. Why does she care so much that I believe her? She can cause her trouble without me. She’s never cared if we were on the same side. So why this time?

My conviction wavers.

What if she’s telling the truth? I’m fully aware of how “proof” can be fabricated. I’m also aware of how past addictions can call to you. How easy it is to fall into old patterns. Has Alayna really fallen off the wagon, so to say? We pushed her toward this. Did we achieve our goal?

“Why would Celia make it up?” My mother, ever the clueless, pipes up from her place on the couch.

I could school her on that, but it would break every rule of the game. Or has Celia already broken every rule by making up this entire scheme? I’m suddenly uncertain of everything.

“Because that’s what she does.” Jack’s snide remark reminds me that he too has been played by Celia. He’d been old enough to know better when she’d shown up on the doorstep of the guest house, but she was manipulative enough to fool even the wise. “Ah, and many of these questions can now be settled because the subject at hand has arrived.”

In sync, every eye in the room turns toward the newest occupant.

“What’s going on?” she asks, her gaze pierced on me.

“Alayna—” God, I wish I could steal her from this moment. It’s going to be a bloodbath, and all of it, whether there’s any truth to Celia’s accusations or not—am I really considering that there is?—all of it has come about because of me.

I wanted to protect her. I thought I had succeeded. I was wrong.

The room is abuzz around me as Alayna is brought up to speed. I don’t hear most of it, lost in my own battle. The urge to dwell on my fault in this scene is overwhelming. I try to deny it, but it freezes me. Coupled with the desperate plea from Celia, I’m reminded that there is more to this than simply believing her or not. How I choose to handle this will have repercussions. Repercussions for all of us.

I want to dismiss everything Celia’s claimed. It would be the easy thing, to cross the room and stand by the woman I love. But will that be the right decision? I’d have to explain why I think that Celia is lying. How far can I answer that without exposing the game? Without acknowledging my own part in it? And if I am able to save myself from blame, will Celia point the finger at me instead?

As Alayna defends herself, I realize a worse truth—she’s broken her promise. She was seeing Celia behind my back. She’s lied to me, and it’s not the first time. She kept her past relationship with David a secret that I only just recently worked out. Then her ex who had saddled her with a restraining order, reentered her life, and she kept me in the dark there as well.

Now I find that she was seeing Celia covertly on top of all that—what does that mean for our relationship? Can I stand by her when she’s so unwilling to stand by me?

Yes. I can. I will.

But can I so easily assume that Alayna has betrayed me? Perhaps she hasn’t at all. Maybe all of Celia’s claims are true, and I’m ignoring the bigger picture, the mental illness that resides in her. It isn’t what I want to face, particularly when I’m aware that if she’s fallen into old habits, it’s my fault. Yet, if she has—I’ll do anything to help her. Anything to keep her sane and with me. She has to know that I’m on her side.

So which is it? I’m with her no matter how she needs me, but which way is that?

Celia rests a hand on my arm, pulling me back to the present conversation. “I told you that night, remember?”

What night are they talking about? I replay the last few seconds of conversation in my head. There was something about my mother’s birthday. What had she told me that night?

Oh yes. Celia had said that Alayna had harassed her then. Had that been an early sign that I’d ignored?

I pull my arm away from her. “I don’t need a reminder.”

“He refused to believe me then too,” Celia tells the room.

I hadn’t refused. I’d chosen to believe the harassment was born of a different cause. Is this twisting of the truth evidence that Celia’s fabricated it all?

“He’s blinded by the sex. It’s not real.” My mother’s snips don’t faze me. She’s irrelevant in this situation.

Alayna though…

“She told you I harassed her?”

I feel her try to meet my eyes, but I keep them pinned on the floor. She’ll too easily be able to read me. She’ll see the war I’m waging, and she’ll misunderstand what I’m battling. She sees this as Celia versus her. She’s waiting for me to choose sides. There’s only one side—Alayna’s. I just can’t figure out the best way to fight for her.

“Why didn’t you say anything to me, Hudson?” Her voice is pleading.

Why didn’t you say anything to me? I ask silently. One thing I can say for sure—the two of us have to work on our communication. I’ve blamed myself for the gaps in our connection, assuming I’ve had the bulk of secrets between the two of us, but now I’m learning she has secrets too.

More accusations fly, more heated words. Celia brings up Paul. The fact that she knows about Alayna’s recent interaction with her ex is another detail that baffles me. Does Celia know because she’s been tailing her? Or because Alayna told her? And if the latter is the case, I’m again struck with the knowledge that Alayna left me in the dark while letting others in.

Honestly, if it’s because she’s sick again, it will feel like less of a betrayal.

I turn away, hoping to shut it all out while I work through the facts. But tempers in the room rise, and soon I find I’m unable to zone out the conversation any longer.

“Do you hear her, Hudson?” my mother says behind me. “She threatened Celia. In front of everyone.” She isn’t helping.

“Mother, stay out of this.”

“Hudson, you have to get rid of her. She’s dangerous. Celia tells me she has a record. Why on earth would you let her into your life when you knew these things about her?”

I won’t hear this. “Shut up, Mother.”

I spin around and brush past Celia and Sophia, stopping in the center of the room to finally meet Alayna’s eyes. Though I’m torn and uncertain, there is one truth that does not waver—I am in love with Alayna Withers. I will do anything for her. She is my light, and I will fight like hell to keep her from my darkness. Whatever that takes.

I tell her this silently through my stare, and I feel her acknowledgment pass back to me. She knows. She has to know that I’m here for her.

I’m barely aware as my mother prattles on behind me. “It makes sense why she’d be obsessed with Celia. She knows you belong together, Hudson, and she’s jealous. Celia was pregnant with your baby. She can’t compete with that, no matter—”

“Aw, shut the fuck up, Sophia,” my father cuts her off. “It wasn’t even Hudson’s baby. It was mine, you ignorant bitch.”

And then all hell breaks loose. My rage, already bubbling just under the surface, ignites in a blaze. “Goddammit, Jack.”

“It’s my business to tell,” he says, “and I’m tired of this lingering lie.”

“It wasn’t a lie we told for you.” For as much as I’ve resented that I had to keep his secret, I guarded it wholly. There are too many people who will be hurt by this unveiling. My mother. Celia’s parents. Alayna, because I never told her. It was a secret best kept to the grave.

Now the room swarms with the aftermath of this. Sophia’s crushed. Celia’s embarrassed. Jack’s…relieved, it seems. I’m surprised to realize I don’t care as much as I once would have. Everything in my world is dimmed next to the spotlight of my precious Alayna.

In the bustle, she slips away. I rush to follow her, not making the elevator before the doors close. I take the other elevator down and find her in the lobby.

“Alayna,” I call after her. She waits for me, but when I reach her, I realize I don’t know what to say. So I settle on, “Why did you leave?”

“Isn’t it obvious? That was a madhouse, and I didn’t want to be there anymore.”

“Yes, that it was.” There are words sitting at the tip of my tongue. So many of them. Which do I choose?

“I, um…why didn’t you defend me up there?” she asks before I’ve decided how to respond. “Are you that mad about the David situation? It’s me that’s supposed to be mad at you, remember?”

Was it only this morning that I transferred David to my club in Atlantic City? It seems like a lifetime ago that I was worrying about her and him. I don’t regret my decision to move him from The Sky Launch—that club belongs to Alayna—but I admit that I was underhanded in my dealing with it.

Now that feels benign in comparison to the malignancy that I’m about to inflict upon our relationship. But if we have any chance of working past our issues, I have to be sure we’re both mentally able to handle the task.

“Wait—” She realizes it before I have to say it. “You believe her.”

My jaw twitches. I don’t know.

“Hudson?”

I put my hands on her upper arms. “I believe in you.” They’re the truest words I’ve ever spoken. “And whatever you need, I want to give it to you. If you need help—”

“Oh my god, I can’t believe this.” She backs away from me. “I can’t fucking believe this.”

I clench and unclench my fists as if it will somehow help me hold onto her. “Tell me that you didn’t do it. Tell me you didn’t call her. Tell me you didn’t see her.” If she tells me she didn’t—I’ll believe her.

But she doesn’t.

It’s confirmation that she’s lied to me. I can’t bear to think that she’s done it willfully. She has to be acting out of her illness. It’s the easiest thing to believe.

She shakes her head. “It’s not how it looks, Hudson. I didn’t stalk her or harass her or whatever she’s claiming. Are you on her side or mine?”

“I’m on your side. Always, your side.” How can she not know this by now? Everything I do, everything I say, it’s always for her.

“Then you believe me?” Her eyes are soft, pleading.

It’s not that simple.

I stick my hands in my pockets. If I don’t hide them away, I’ll pull her into me, and then I’m afraid I won’t ask her the hard questions. “Did you call her?”

“Yes! I said I did upstairs!” She pulls her phone from her bra and shoves it toward me. “Here, you want to see? Take it! You’ll see all the times I called her since that’s what you seem to be concerned with.”

I ignore her outstretched hand. “I don’t want proof. I want to help you.”

“I don’t fucking need any help!” She throws the phone across the lobby. It shatters when it lands.

She stares at it while I stare at her. She’s hurting. She feels like I’ve let her down.

But she let me down as well. I’m hurting too. I’m new to this pain, and I don’t know how to deal with it. Her constant betrayals are wounds that I know I can learn to ignore, but I’m not sure how or if they’ll ever completely heal.

She turns and runs. Out the front door.

I follow. “Alayna, come back here.” I catch her by her wrist. “I’ll cancel my trip. We’ll find the best treatment—”

“I’m not sick.” She yanks her arms from my grip. “Go to Japan, Hudson. I don’t want to see you.”

Jesus, Japan. I’m supposed to be leaving in a couple of hours. “I’m not going to Japan now.” I’ll cancel everything for her. There is nothing without her.

Still, she walks away. “Go to Japan,” she calls back to me. “I don’t want to see you for a while, if not ever. Got it? If you’re at the penthouse when I get home, I’ll find somewhere else to sleep, and I don’t mean for just one night.”

She keeps walking. I let her.

I watch after her for long minutes though. I chose wrong; I know that. I probably knew that as I was pushing treatment on her. She’s not sick. She didn’t do the things Celia accused her of. She was in her right mind when she went behind my back.

I have a new decision to make. I can either choose to let this pain weigh me down and ruin our relationship forever, or I can choose to make my own transgressions right.

The decision’s easy. I won’t lose Alayna. Before I can try to win her back, though, there is an obstacle that must be dealt with—Celia.





Crying and yelling meet me when I return to my apartment. Celia and my father are in a screaming match, my mother’s sobbing. Or pretending to sob. There’s no actual tears. Brian is studying the artwork on my walls, seemingly trying to be invisible.

I almost feel bad for the guy.

I don’t feel bad for anyone else. In fact, they need to leave. “Thank you everyone for the chaos in my living room. It’s time for all of you to go now.”

Brian heads first toward the elevator, as if he’d been simply waiting for permission before he bolted.

I stop him. “Not you. I’d like you to stay, if you don’t mind. Alayna has asked me not to be here when she returns, but I’d rather she isn’t alone.”

Brian’s mouth opens, his eyes darting. “I suppose that would be fine.”

“Where are you staying? The Waldorf?” I surprise him with my accurate guess, but he simply nods. “I’ll arrange to have your things moved over here. The guest room is down the hall. Make yourself at home.”

He nods and heads to where I’ve directed him, happy for the escape.

Celia’s tried to sneak past me while I was speaking to Brian, but I catch her before the elevator arrives. “And I didn’t mean you should leave. We have to talk.”

Her eyes are red and tired. “Hudson, I’m not in the mood.”

“Oh, let’s not talk about mood.” My delivery is even and cold. I’m actually surprised I have as much patience as I do for her. Inside, I’m boiling.

“Do you not realize what just happened here?” Her voice is low, but she’s seething. “My parents are going to fucking kill me. They were never supposed to find out about me and Jack.”

“It’s called karma, Celia. You reap what you sow. And today you sowed a lot of bad karma. Would you care to explain?”

“I’ve done all my talking. I have to be somewhere now, so pardon me.” She brushes past me into the waiting elevator.

She won’t get away this easy. I step in after her. “I’ll see you down.”

Celia rubs at her temples. She’s not happy about this, but she has little say.

“I’m coming too.” My mother sticks her hand in just as the doors begin to close.

I may actually snarl when I say, “Take the next elevator.”

But my mother isn’t fazed. She slips in despite my command. “I’m not staying another minute here with that man.”

That man is standing behind her, a surly expression on his face. “I’ll take the next elevator.”

I suppose expecting Jack and Sophia to travel down to the lobby together is a bit much at the moment. “Fine,” I concede. I wait for the doors to close before adding, “Though I’m surprised you don’t mind being with this woman.”

Celia throws me a glare.

My mother throws me a glare as well. “I know Jack. He’s the one who’s responsible. It wasn’t her fault.” She wraps an arm around Celia. “He took advantage of you, honey. I understand. He was the grown-up. You were the child.”

Unfuckingbelievable.

Celia leans into my mother’s embrace, putting on the full victim act. “Thank you, Sophia. That means more than you could know.” She even dabs at her eyes, which, as far as I can tell, are dry.

“Jesus Christ,” I mutter. They’re more alike than I’d ever realized.

My mother scolds me as she affectionately pats Celia’s arm. “I’m not happy with you either, Hudson. Covering for that cheating bastard—”

“I wasn’t—” I don’t finish the sentence. It’s not worth it. She’ll never understand. “Whatever. I’m not going through this with you, Mother. Work out your feelings about this on your own.”

“I don’t know why I expected sympathy.” Her terse tone is well-practiced. “I forgot who I was dealing with.”

I roll my eyes. “Like mother, like son.”

“That’s not how the saying goes.”

Celia straightens and pats Sophia with the consolation I’ve denied her. “This must be so hard for you, Sophia.”

As if she wasn’t the exact cause of all the hard.

My mother takes the inch and yanks it a mile. “It is. It’s devastating.” She continues as the elevator doors open in the lobby and we step out. “God, it feels like so much of the last ten years have been a lie. The baby. The baby wasn’t even mine at all.”

This time it seems tears might actually be forming in her eyes. Somewhere deep inside, there’s a piece of me that acknowledges this is a big loss for her. As unhealthy as it was to do so, she’d focused so much of her energy on her dead grandbaby. The child that would have continued her union with Jonathon Pierce. Today’s revelation had to shake her to the core.

But frankly, at the moment, I don’t give a fuck. “Save it for your shrink. I said I didn’t want to hear it.”

Meanwhile, Celia has tried to sneak away again. I trot after her, abandoning my mother. “Hey, hey, hey.” I grab her by the arm and escort her across the lobby and out the front doors. “We aren’t done. I’ll see you to your car.”

“I didn’t drive.”

“I’ll wait with you until your driver shows up.”

“I was planning on taking a cab.”

“We’ll cab together.” I don’t let her interject another excuse. “Celia, we’re having a conversation whether you want to or not. And we’re having it now, though you are welcome to choose our location.”

Her shoulders fall as she surrenders to defeat. “Cab, then.”

We hail a cab and slip in the back. I dive in the minute she’s finished giving her address to the driver. “This scam of yours, Celia—it’s not cute. It’s not even clever. It ends now.”

“I love how you immediately assume that anything I say is a scam. You can’t ever give me the benefit of the doubt?”

“I did give you the benefit of the doubt. I believed you when you stood there and told me you were happy for me. That you would give up this experiment with Alayna. Blatant lies is your trick now?”

She stares away from me out the window and shrugs. “I changed my mind.”

“And now you’re changing your mind again. Alayna is not your subject. Your experiment is over.”

Her head spins to face me. “Is there a threat buried in there? Let’s not forget that I know things you don’t want shared.”

There’s not a question of what she’s referring to. Yesterday, I could have said the same about her. But the biggest secret I had over her has now been revealed. I have little to hold over her at the moment, though I plan to change that. And fast.

In the meantime, though, I’ll have to gamble on her loyalty. Not to me—to the game. “You won’t tell Alayna that I played her. You won’t tell anyone. It’s against the rules.”

“You’re concerned with the rules? The game is over for you. What do you care about the rules?”

Her nonchalant attitude incites me. “How dare you?”

“I beg your pardon?”

“You heard me. How the fuck dare you?” It’s too much. All of it. Not only what she’s done to Alayna, but the insinuation that the way I taught her meant less to me than it did to her. It was my way of life, for Christ’s sake. How dare she act as though I had no respect for it? “I always adhered to our law. I did everything exactly as I said I would, even with Alayna. My only sin was to fall in love. And that was never against the rules.”

“It was certainly implied.”

I ignore her caustic remark and continue with my attack. “You’re the one who’s gone off plan. You’ve even changed the goal.”

“I changed nothing. The goal was to make her break.”

I pause, my head tilted toward her. “You mean the test was to see if she would break. There was no goal to make her.” Studying her reaction, I realize that I’m wrong. Celia’s goal was to make Alayna break. Not to simply watch what happened.

I’m baffled by this revelation. “When did our aim become to hurt people? We were scientists, not executioners. We weren’t malicious. We didn’t set out to hurt people.”

She looks at me incredulously. “You’re so fucking clueless, Hudson. We’ve been hurting and destroying people since the game began. You always pretended like that was just an unfortunate side effect, but even pursuing an experiment that might hurt someone is malicious. It’s like performing harmful research on humans. Scientists don’t do that as a rule. You know why? It’s not just unethical; it’s against the law.”

Shaking her head, she faces forward. “I get it, Hudson, I do. You didn’t want to face how fucking cruel you really are, so you told yourself what you had to in order to live with yourself.”

She was wrong. I did know how fucking cruel I was. I knew I was an asshole. I knew that, before Alayna, I had no heart.

But I had been a man with no comprehension of what it felt like to experience real pain. I hadn’t understood the damage I could do to people. Dr. Alberts had likened it to being a blind man asked to describe the color blue. While it didn’t excuse all my actions, it did make them less willful.

“It’s not the same at all.” We weren’t the same. All this time, I’d thought we were. “And the fact that you think so shows what a cruel bitch you really are.”

She claps her hands together with mock enthusiasm. “We’ve resorted to name-calling now, have we? How fun!” Her expression grows sober. “You can’t fucking be serious.”

“I’m dead serious, Celia. You will end this. And us…” I pause, not because the words are hard to say, but because I want to make sure she hears their emphasis. “We’re over too. I want you out of my life. Don’t call me. Don’t stop by. Do you understand?”

She sneers. For a woman so about grace and appearances, she can sure put on an ugly face. “It’s not that easy to just cut me out of your life, Hudson. Our families—”

And there’s a blessing about the recent disclosure of our baby lie. “I’m not so sure our families will be a problem after today. I’d bet our parents are not going to want to spend much time together from now on.”

The reminder of her parents and the afternoon’s revelation seems to shake her. She regroups quickly. “Well, we run in the same social circles.”

“And you will steer away from me when we show up at the same event. Do I make myself clear?”

Her nostrils fume, her eyes calculating. But she concedes with one word, “Perfectly.”

For good measure I add, “You do not want to make me your enemy.”

“Funny, I thought you’d already made me yours.”

That truth lingers in the air around us, irrefutable. She may mean I made her my enemy when I dropped out of the game with Alayna. Or when I left it three years ago and entered therapy. But I think instead it’s more accurate that she became my foe that summer ten years ago—when I decided to break her heart.

I’d told her she was suffering from karma. Wasn’t I as well?

We’ve arrived at her apartment building. The cab pulls over to the curb. “Farewell, Hudson. This is for good, I suppose. The taxi’s on you.”

She gets out of the car. I don’t watch after her.

I instruct the driver to head back to The Bowery. There’s just enough time to collect my luggage before heading to the airport for my trip to Japan. If it were only the Plexis deal at stake, I’d cancel. But there’s something else now, something more important. It’s time to act on the information that Warren Werner gave me about the vulnerabilities of his company, and that will begin with a source in Japan.

When I return, my energy will be thrown into repairing my relationship with Alayna. There’s been serious damage done on both our parts, but we can move on, I think. I have to believe that. Because without her, there’s no reason for anything else.

Though much is in turmoil about me, I feel oddly at peace as we return to my penthouse. Celia is gone from my life, and there’s a freedom with that knowledge that I hadn’t expected. Like a long-growing tumor has finally been removed. There will be a scar, I know. I’ll rub at it and scratch at phantom aches. But it’s gone, and, with Alayna, we can finally begin the process of healing.





Chapter Twenty





Before





“Why can’t I just ditch tonight after the actual rehearsal? That’s the important part, right?” Chandler had been trying for twenty straight minutes to get out of Mirabelle’s wedding rehearsal dinner.

My mother tested the temperature of the curling iron, her mind clearly more on her task than on her son’s complaints. “I don’t understand why you’re so eager to abandon us.”

He’s fifteen, I wanted to tell her. That was reason enough.

“Because it’s boring!” He flung his hands out, exasperated.

“Chandler!” my mother warned, covering my sister’s ears as if she might be offended by the word boring. As if blocking the sound after the fact could undo that it had been heard.

But boring…that I could agree with, even though I hadn’t been fifteen for years. The entire family had spent the last week of August at Mabel Shores preparing for Mirabelle’s wedding weekend. Five days of nothing but social interaction. I was close to going insane. At my sister’s insistence, I’d agreed to not bring any work. It was a mistake. With my mind unoccupied on business, my thoughts returned again and again to my other addiction—the game.

Celia and I were between schemes at the moment—part of the reason I was so eager to concoct a new one. Every guest that walked through our house that week, every visitor, was a potential subject. What could I learn from her? I’d ask myself. Or him? Or them?

Somewhere I recognized that my obsession was getting out of hand. Our experiments had grown more and more complex, more intense, more frequent. Often even my work hours were infiltrated with daydreaming about the next project, the next scam. The week away had made me realize just exactly how consumed I’d become. I felt like a junkie who hadn’t scored in a while—jittery, agitated. On edge.

Needing something to occupy my time, I’d resorted to joining Mirabelle in my mother’s room as Sophia made her presentable for the evening’s rehearsal.

Chandler leaned against the doorframe. I could sense he was on the verge of giving up but not quite. “No one will miss me,” he said quietly.

“I’ll miss you.” My mother didn’t even try to make it sound like she meant it.

My brother and I exchanged a glance. I wasn’t close to Chandler—eleven years of separation made it difficult, not to mention I wasn’t the type to bond. But we were still family, and in that we shared the basest parts of our existence. We had the same parents, the same upbringing. We both knew that he could sneak away from the dinner and our mother would never notice.

Mirabelle knew this as well. Having remained quiet for the bulk of the conversation, she spun to face Chandler now. “I’ll miss you! So for one night, Chandler, can you forget about your friends and stay? For me?”

There wasn’t a person in the world who could say no to Mirabelle Amalie Pierce. The subject was dropped. Chandler left the room with a huff, but he’d stay for the night’s extravaganza.

It occurred to me that Mirabelle could have simply asked him to stay from the very beginning and saved the entire debate. I supposed she’d been giving Sophia a chance to be the mother. It was amazing, really, that she continued to do so. I started to wonder what it would take for Mirabelle’s faith to be broken and then caught myself. Those were the kind of thoughts that led to experiments. And no matter how desperate I was for a fix, I wouldn’t play on Mirabelle. I couldn’t.

I forced myself to concentrate on the scene at hand for distraction. Mirabelle sat at the vanity, my mother stood behind her, working on her hair. She was even, near as I could tell, sober. A memory flashed through my mind, or rather a collage of memories. Times that my sister and I had sat around my mother’s feet as she primped in front of that same mirror. She’d sit there for ages, dolling herself up. I’d watch as she applied her rouge, plucked her eyebrows, straightened her hair, and every time, I’d think how beautiful my mother was.

Though it had been a frequent occurrence, I’d seemed to have forgotten. Those had been good moments. There had been good times.

The memory inserted a warmth to the present, like a light had been focused on us, brightening the ordinary moment into something meaningful.

“Good thing your hair only hits your shoulders. We’d never get ready in time otherwise.” Even my mother’s complaining seemed less dreary.

“I should have cut it. Then we wouldn’t have to worry about this at all. I’m thinking I’ll get a pixie as soon as the honeymoon’s over. Thoughts?”

I bit back a smile. My mother hated short hair on girls.

“Are you trying to kill me?” But I noticed the hint of a smile on Sophia’s lips as well. “I still don’t know why you didn’t hire someone to do your hair and makeup tonight.”

Mirabelle shrugged. “I didn’t think I’d need to get made up tonight. I’ll have enough of that tomorrow.”

I studied her in the mirror, and I saw her lie. She’d hoped for this—for Sophia to insist on making her up instead. She remembered those times too, and Mirabelle, forever romantic that she was, had hoped to recapture it. She’d succeeded.

Perhaps I owed my sister’s optimism more credit.

“Thank you for being here, Hudson,” Mirabelle said when she caught my eye with her reflection. “It means a lot that you can share this time with me.”

Normally, I’d shrug her off. But the nostalgia made me strangely willing to chat. “I have to admit, this isn’t my thing. Yet, I’m glad I’m here too.” I hadn’t realized it until just that moment. She didn’t need to know that.

My mother took a strand of Mirabelle’s hair and wove it around the curling wand, seemingly oblivious to our conversation as she concentrated on her work.

“I’m sure you have a spiel waiting on the tip of your tongue, though,” Mirabelle said, touching up her lipstick. “How love is a myth and marriage the bane of all evil.”

I chuckled at the accuracy of her statement. “Not to mention that you’re barely old enough to drink. Quite young to be signing off your entire life.”

Her face fell slightly. She’d wanted me to deny my disdain for the practice of romantic union, and I’d enforced it instead. Oh well. It was honest. What was I supposed to do? Lie?

So I wasn’t the type to put on niceties. But I could find another way to be supportive. Mirabelle had always been a bit of a Pollyanna. She’d make the best of anything. Maybe marriage actually would work for her. “I trust you know what you’re doing, Mirabelle. Don’t mind me.”

“I usually don’t.” Her grin was back, and I felt my shoulders relax. I hadn’t even realized I’d been tense. “And I do know what I’m doing. Adam is the best thing for me. He makes me happy. I make him happy. You know. It’s all a bunch of happy.”

Blah, blah, blah. It was what all the lovebirds said. Then a bump in the road, and everything fell apart. Love was so easily manipulated. So easily redirected. How could it ever be real? How could anyone be willing to give up their life for something so unreliable?

How could Mirabelle?

She must have read my thoughts in my expression because she added, “I mean, I know it won’t always be top of the world. There will be hard times. But none of that matters as long as we have each other.”

“Excuse me while I roll my eyes.”

“You won’t know until you find it yourself, Hudson.” She was the only one who ever spoke like I might find my own one true love. It was kind of charming, actually.

“But did you have to get married? Couldn’t you shack up together for a while first?” Like, until the euphoria faded, and she realized the ridiculousness of the notion of happily ever after.

“Nope. I have to get married.” She widened her eyes as she applied mascara to her lashes.

“Mirabelle!” So my mother was listening.

“Is there something you aren’t telling me, little sister?”

Mirabelle laughed, pausing her makeup application. “I’m not pregnant, you ass. I’m in love. And yes, I still have to get married. Because when you love someone,” she met my gaze in the mirror and said without a flicker in her confidence, “their world interests you more than your own. So much so that you disappear into them, and the only choice you have is to merge your life with theirs. Because otherwise, you cease to exist at all.”

It was more mumbo jumbo. But it struck me—somewhere deep inside me, a place that I didn’t recognize, reverberating in my bones and tingling through my nerve endings. So I let it sit and settle and didn’t refute.

A few silent moments later, it was my mother who spoke. “I couldn’t wait to marry your father. Did I ever tell you that?”

I froze, and I sensed Mirabelle did too. My mother never spoke about the past. Never anything pleasant, anyway. We’d grown up assuming that her marriage to our father was based on business. Jack’s father’s company had just gone under, but the Pierce name still held weight, and my father was an innovative thinker. The Walden family, on the other hand, had money and investments with no one to groom for takeover. Sophia Walden’s union to Jack solved a lot of problems.

We’d never been led to believe that there was love involved.

“No, Mom, you haven’t told us,” Mirabelle said quietly, and I could feel her silently urging Sophia to go on.

“We were more in love than anyone should have the right to be. It scared my father, I think. When we announced our engagement, he nearly had a heart attack. ‘How will he ever provide for you?’ As if my trust fund didn’t give me enough money to provide for myself.”

Sophia didn’t look up as she spoke, her focus pinned on a lock of hair that refused to lay the way she wanted it to. “But Daddy took Jack out for ‘a talking to.’ And when they came back, it was decided that we could get married as long as your father took over the Walden companies. It was a win-win as far as I was concerned. Our worlds were becoming entwined in every way possible.”

I noted her use of the word worlds and realized that had been what had spurred her trip down memory lane. My mother had also moved her world to be with Jack Pierce. Or Jack had moved his world to be with her. Such a strange thing to try to comprehend. It was easier for me to imagine my parents having sex than to imagine them being in love.

“My father wanted Jack to take over as soon as we were married. Since I wanted a short engagement, Jack spent a lot of that time at the office with Dad. I didn’t see him nearly as much as I would’ve liked. Our wedding day, though.” She sighed softly. “It was the happiest day I could imagine. There Jack was, in his tux. So handsome. I kept wishing the ceremony would hurry and get finished so I could jump him.”

“Mother!” Mirabelle feigned embarrassment. It was the sort of story she got off on. Even if it was coming from her parent.

“I was young once too.” Sophia’s face was bright, happier than I’d ever remembered seeing it.

“Then I hope you had a wonderful honeymoon.”

My mother’s wistful smile vanished at Mirabelle’s words. “Well, it started out well. But Jack had to leave the day after we arrived in Bora Bora. Company problems. He was in charge now. You know. If a wife had to be left alone on her honeymoon, then that’s what had to be done. The story of our lives after that.”

Mirabelle dropped her gaze. If I had to guess, she was fighting back tears. She was an easy crier.

Interesting, though, was how my mother’s words affected me. I’d always seen my mother encased in a hard shell of bitterness. Now, she seemed to shift in my view, and from this new vantage point, I saw something else surrounding her—something warm and tender. Approachable, even. A woman that she once was.

How fascinating would that study be? To examine where she came from to how she ended up. Maybe it was another scenario Celia and I could recreate. Another game we could try to play.

God, always the game…

My mother set the iron down. “But the wedding day was beautiful. And yours will be too.” She combed her fingers through the last curls she’d made then took Mirabelle by the shoulders. “Look at yourself. You’re just lovely.”

Mirabelle did as she was told. She smiled at her reflection, apparently pleased with her appearance. Or she was pleased with the experience. She reached up and patted one of Sophia’s hands. “Thank you, Mom. For everything.”

For the smallest space of time, while I watched as this mother and daughter shared a seemingly ordinary moment that was anything but ordinary, I sensed that there was something to life that I was missing. A color adjustment, perhaps. A flavor that I simply hadn’t been introduced to. A sound that hadn’t found its way to my ears. Something…more.

But that was mumbo jumbo too. If I needed proof, I only had to look back on the results of my experiments. How I lived—emotionless and free—that was all there was that was real. There was nothing more.





I discovered that evening that rehearsals were as draining as actual weddings. Though I’d attended a few out of obligation, I’d never been involved in them as Mirabelle had involved me. She’d convinced Adam to make me the best man. I was in the damn wedding party. It was the most hypocritical situation I could imagine myself in. All night I was asked, “Aren’t you so happy for Mira? Doesn’t she make a lovely bride?”

As happy as I can be and she’s lovely all the time could only be said so many times before responding grew wearying. In between the fake conversations and polite smiles, I imagined the schemes I could work. That one in the too-tight skirt—would she still be drooling over the dick who’d brought her if I convinced her the best man was into her? The waiter who kept flirting with Adam’s sister—would he cheat on his wife (he clearly wore a wedding ring) if she returned the attention? I knew I could get Mirabelle’s bridesmaid to slip away with me—we’d fucked occasionally in the past—but could I arrange for her fiancé to catch us?

It was maddening how many times I had to remind myself that Mirabelle’s wedding was off limits for my experiments. So many times, in fact, that I stopped listening to myself. And when the bridesmaid in question took a seat next to me, the tug to attempt my play was too strong, the buzz overwhelming all reasonable thought.

I placed my hand on the back of her chair and leaned in. “You wouldn’t have chosen that seat, Melissa, if you didn’t mean to get something from me.”

She twirled a ringlet of hair around her finger and sat forward so I could easily peer down her dress. “And what exactly would I want from you, Hudson?”

“From the way you’re shoving your chest at me, I’d say you want me to fuck your tits in the pool house.” Under the table, I slid my hand up her skirt. “But don’t worry. I’d give your cunt proper attention as well.”

Her breathing picked up, and her eyes dilated. “I’ll go out first. Wait five minutes to follow.”

Perfect. “Be naked when I get there.”

I waited until she was out of sight before I tracked down Timothy, her fiancé. He was an intern in a law firm that would fall all over themselves to get Pierce Industries business. “Timothy, I have some off-the-record legal I might want some help with,” I told him. “Would you mind meeting me in the pool house in fifteen minutes?” An image of Melissa pushing her porn-size tits together while my cock thrust between flashed in my head, and I amended my request. “Make that twenty minutes.”

He agreed. Of course. And I was off for a night of what I loved best—scheming and sexing. My dick stiffened as I snuck away from the stage where dinner was soon to be served. I’d barely made it five feet, however, before a familiar voice called to me.

“Hudson?”

I spun right around at the sound of Mirabelle’s voice. “Uh, yeah?” Even though she couldn’t have any idea what I was up to, I felt guilty all the same. Thankfully, it was dark enough here that she couldn’t see the bulge in my pants.

She stood just at the edge of the stage. “Where are you going?”

“Just stepping away for a bit of a breather.”

“The fuck you are.”

If I didn’t catch that she was angry from her swearing—Mirabelle rarely said anything coarser than asshole—then I’d surely be able to tell from the bright fury sparking from her eyes. “I’m not sure what you’re talking about.”

“Like hell you don’t. I’ve been watching you. I saw you talking to Melissa. And I know you’ve been with her before. Then she goes off, and you get all whispery with Tim? This is my wedding weekend, Hudson. I can’t even look at you right now.”

She knew, she had to. There was no other reason for her to be outraged. Honestly, attempting to play her friend was shitty on my part. But, like any addict, I continued to deny. “Mirabelle, I really don’t have any idea what this is about.”

“You know what? Fuck you.” Her small frame shook as she crossed her arms in front of her. “Fuck you, and I don’t want you here anymore right now. I want you to leave.”

The pool house counted as leaving, right?

“But so help me God, if you fuck with my friends tonight or tomorrow or during any of my wedding stuff, I will never be able to forgive you.”

“Seriously? I—”

“Yes, seriously!” Her voice cracked. “I don’t want you here right now. Go.”

I wanted to argue more, but what exactly could I say? She’d pegged me correctly. And it wasn’t my intention to ruin Mirabelle’s rehearsal. “Fine. I’ll go.”

She kept her eyes on me, so heading to the pool house now was out of the question. I pushed past her instead and snagged a bottle of Scotch from the bartender before storming toward the house. I didn’t allow myself to think. Not until I got far enough away that I didn’t do anything I’d regret.

Getting off the premises, however, proved problematic. The driveway was too packed to get my car out, so it looked like I was on foot. There was nowhere for me to go if I went toward the highway. So taking a path on the side of the house opposite from the party, I crept down to the gazebo at the edge of our land. Though it had a nice view over the ocean, it was rarely used. Too far from the convenience of household help, I supposed. Mirabelle and I had used it a lot growing up though. It had made a nice escape when Sophia grew too difficult—or drunk—to tolerate.

It seemed fitting that I ended up there.

The stairs creaked as I climbed in the rotunda. I settled on the wood bench and undid my tie. The breeze came in and out like the waves of the ocean below. I nursed my Scotch and let the shit settle in my mind.

God, Melissa with her double G’s and tight pussy. Right about now, she was probably pissed and about ready to throw her clothes back on. Then Timothy would show up. They’d likely think I set it up that way, for them to find each other and fuck each other’s brains out. I’d never thought I’d be jealous of that prick of a guy.

But disappointment and irritation at the forced end of my fun didn’t last long. Their disappearance left space for a heavier emotion—shame. I felt certain that Mirabelle wasn’t aware of the extent of my games, that she thought she’d just caught me fucking around with an engaged woman. It wasn’t really the biggest of deals. Except I’d let her down. I’d hurt her. That realization was not one I wanted to dwell on. It was too raw, too uncomfortable. Like an ice-cold wind slicing across my skin, stinging and chafing.

I let the Scotch burn through the chill and searched for something else to occupy my mind. Soon I found my thoughts returning to the disclosure from my mother earlier. It was strange to think about what her life had been like once before. That she’d been a happier woman. That she’d believed in her future with my father. Was it so simple to say that her entire life had been ruined because her father had wanted her betrothed to prove himself? That, in turn, Jack—out of love for his new bride—threw himself into doing just that? That the time apart the work caused led to the estranged relationship, the drinking, the cheating?

And if events had been different, if they’d managed to find the balance in their worlds and maintained a healthier relationship, would I have still been the way I was?

It was pointless to dwell on it. There would never be an answer.

Likely, my parents would still have been fucked up even if he’d stayed for the whole honeymoon. And I would still be exactly like I was. Why was I complaining, anyway? It was my superpower, wasn’t it? Not feeling.

Lately, though, it didn’t seem like a superpower. It was more like a distraction. A constant whirring in my head that begged for explanation. Pushed me to examine and study and scheme. Drove me crazy. Or was I already crazy to begin with?

Wasn’t that the question of the century?

“Hudson?” Mirabelle’s soft call startled me out of my spiraling speculation. I didn’t answer, but she continued toward me anyway, climbing up the stairs and then leaning against the arch of the entry. “Here you are.”

“Here I am.” Though her demeanor was calmer than it had been, I wasn’t happy to have been found. It surely meant there’d be talking. Fuck, how I hated that. I couldn’t exactly send her away though. And it had been my actions that led to this. Consequences.

The light was out in the gazebo, and Mirabelle blocked the moon behind her, so I couldn’t make out the expression on her face. Was she still mad? Hurt? Or did she come to apologize?

Finally, she tucked a stray curl behind her ear and said, “Mother’s drunk.”

Huh. Not even focused on me, then. “Are you surprised?”

“No. I was hopeful, though. She’d had a good day.” Her tone was melancholy, and I knew if I could see her eyes, they’d be sad.

I didn’t understand sad. But I didn’t like it when Mirabelle was. I tried to be consoling. “Parties are the easiest time for her to drink without anyone noticing. Everyone’s drinking.”

“True.”

She stepped forward and sat on the bench next to me. That meant she was staying. It didn’t leave much chance of escaping more reprimand from the earlier incident.

“You should be with your guests.” I took a sip from the bottle of Scotch and tried to appear nonchalant about my suggestion to leave.

She wasn’t biting. “You’re my guest.”

“You have more important guests than me.”

“I don’t think so.” She mirrored my posture, looking out over the ocean. “Besides, we need to talk.”

I pretended not to know what topic she thought should be discussed. “If you need last-minute marriage advice, you know what I’ll say—don’t get married.”

“You’re an ass. And no. I’d never come to you for marriage advice. You’ll come to me, though. I’m calling that now.” She swung her foot in a rhythmic sway that seemed in time with the ocean waves.

“Uh-huh.” The hell I was ever getting married. Though marriage seemed more likely than falling in love. Telling that to Mirabelle would be another impossible conversation. Really, any way I looked at it, there was an uncomfortable discussion about to take place.

I decided to dive in and get it over with. “Look, we don’t need to talk about earlier. Lapse in judgment. That’s all.”

It was so quiet I could hear her swallow. “No. We don’t need to talk about earlier,” she agreed quietly, much to my surprise. “But there’s something else.”

Well, that had been easy. With her soft disposition and her somber mood, I had a pretty good guess at what she wanted to say instead. The typical, I love you, you’re a good brother even though you tried to drown me when I was seven and screw my bridesmaid at my wedding rehearsal, all the bullshit things that sweet, naïve sisters say to their siblings on the eve of superficially important occasions like their weddings.

But she stunned me again. “Hudson, I need to talk to you about an intervention.”

Really? Tonight? I’d wondered how long before someone tried to sober up our mother. I did not think it would happen in the middle of my sister’s wedding. “Shouldn’t Chandler and Dad be here? They have just as much effect on our mother as I ever would. If not more.”

“Not for Mother.” She stopped the swing of her feet. “For you.”

I laughed. “This probably seems unconvincing when I’m drinking straight from the bottle, but I’m not an alcoholic.” Sure, that was what all alcoholics said. Still, I’d never gotten drunk or sloppy. It was hardly believable that Mirabelle really thought I had a problem. I laughed again. Seriously? “Besides, aren’t there supposed to be lots of people at these things?”

“Well, they’re supposed to be formed of a group of people that the addict—that’s you—loves and will listen to. I happen to think that I’m the only one who could possibly say anything that matters. At least, I’m hoping that I can say anything that matters.” She was so solemn, so intense.

I sighed and tried to address her with equal earnestness. “I don’t have a drinking problem, Mirabelle.”

She chuckled politely. “I don’t think you have a drinking problem, Hudson. Get real.” Her somberness returned. “But I do think you have a problem. A very different kind of problem.”

My heart skipped a beat, my mind immediately jumping to the game. There was nothing else that I did, nothing else that I had in my life. But how could she even know about that? There were occasions that my experiments had come back home. Tonight, for example.The result of a few bad choices on my part. Perhaps that’s what she meant?

I played ignorant. I was ignorant. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I took another swallow of my Scotch. It didn’t calm me the way that I’d hoped.

“Let’s not dance around it, Hudson. I don’t know the word for it anyway. There might not even be one. But I’m aware. I see it. I see what you do to people. How you…handle them. Like earlier tonight, but this is hardly the first time. Or the fifth. Or even the fiftieth, I’d bet. It’s cruel behavior. It’s destructive. And I don’t just mean to the people you do it to. But to you. It’s destroying you.”

They were the only words I had, so I repeated them. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” My voice was weaker than before, though. I had zero conviction.

“You do know. And you don’t have to say anything. I don’t need to hear excuses or details. What I need is for you to hear me.” She fell down on her knees in front of me and grasped my empty hand between both of hers. “Hear me, Hudson. You are not who you think you are. There is more in you than you suspect. More to you than the mind games that I think absorb your life. I see it. I feel it. And not because I’m a hopeless optimist, but because this other part of you is very, very real.”

I started to pull my hand away, a jerk reaction, but she held it steady. “Don’t. I won’t let you break away from me, Hudson. You can’t. I’m invested in you, even if you aren’t invested in yourself. And I’m about to start a new life. One that might possibly push me further away from you, and here’s the thing—I can’t go if I don’t know you’re okay. I can’t move my world from yours until I know you aren’t going to destroy your own.”

My throat tightened. It felt like I should say something, but there weren’t words. And inside, where I usually felt empty, my chest burned. Uncomfortable, like indigestion, but even more constrictive. Like something was stirring around in there, stealing the space to breathe, about to explode out of me.

Mirabelle dug her fingers into my skin, her nails pleading as much as her words. “So will you do it? Tell me you’ll do it. Tell me you’ll quit. Tell me that you’re going to try. For me, if for no one else. Please, tell me.”

I could tell her to fuck off. I could tell her whatever she wanted to hear just to get her off my back. I could try to explain to her what the game really was, so that she could understand that it wasn’t actually a problem.

But the truth was that it was a problem. The experiments had become an obsession. I lived and breathed for them. And none of them, not a single one, ever taught me what I really wanted to know, which was why the hell I felt so goddamned empty.

So I said the only word I could. “Okay.”

“You mean that?”

I nodded, speech not easy through my clenched throat.

Her face crumpled, tears forming at the corners of her eyes as she bit her lip. She nodded a few times. Finally, in a choked voice, she said, “Thank you.”

She crawled up into my lap then, her legs to one side, and hugged me, like she used to when we were younger.

I let her.

I even hugged her back. Reluctantly at first, and then with a bear-tight grip.

“Thank you,” she said when she finally broke away. She scrambled off my lap to the bench beside me. She dabbed again at her eyes. “I’m sorry. I didn’t want to cry. I figured you’d take me more seriously if I remained together. But, that’s not me, I guess. Anyway. You have an appointment tomorrow.”

“An appointment tomorrow? With who?”

“A psychiatrist. Dr. Alberts. He’s an expert in experiential avoidance and a bunch of other big words that basically mean ‘aloof.’”

Other big words like sociopath?

“He’s situated in the city,” she continued, “but he makes house calls, and he agreed to come out here to meet you at ten. I arranged it before tonight even happened, Hudson. So don’t think I’m just reacting to this one incident.”

That she’d had this planned all along left a sour taste in my mouth. I hated that she’d formed an opinion about me, and then I’d proven her right. It was almost as though she’d played her own game, formed her own hypothesis, and she’d guessed correctly. Having the tables turned wasn’t my idea of a good time.

Besides that, I’d agreed to being intervened, so to say, but I’d thought it would be on my own terms. I could decide the course of my treatment. Not her. I used the obvious for my protest, “It’s your wedding day.”

“And this is my wedding present. From you.” She was even giddy about it.

“My wedding present was to not work all week.” But I already knew I’d meet with her specialist.

“This is another wedding present. You got me two.” She swiftly pecked my cheek. “Thanks, big bro.” And I was the master manipulator.

“What have you done to me, Mirabelle?”

“Good things, Hudson. I’ve done good things. Just wait and see.” She stared at my profile for several seconds. I felt her gaze like it was her hands that touched my skin. When she seemed satisfied with what she saw, she said, “But I’m going to go back to the party now and let you stay here and mope or mull or whatever really boring antisocial thing it is you like to do. Brood. That’s what you do.”

“I don’t brood.”

“Well, whatever you do, I’ll leave you to it now.” She stood, her skirt swirling in the light breeze. At the stairs, she looked back. “Ten tomorrow morning. In the study. Dr. Alberts is coming. Be there.”

“Where else would I be? Organizing the flowers with Mother?”

“Good point.” She gave me another bright smile, this time adding a wink. “I love you, brother. Thanks for making my wedding everything I ever dreamed.”

There it was. The typical words for the occasion. It made me smile a bit as well.

She blew me a kiss then skipped off into the night.

I sat on that bench for a long time after. I sipped my Scotch. And I cried. Sobbed for the first time that I could remember. There was no feeling behind the tears, just release. It was cathartic. It was a start.

Maybe it was even the beginning of the road to more.





Chapter Twenty-One





After





I wake to an empty bed. I should be used to it by now, having woken up the last several days alone. Each of those nights had been restless, sleep hard to come by without the warmth of the woman I’ve come accustomed to wrapping around in slumber.

Except I came home from Japan earlier tonight and reunited with Alayna, so my bed should not be empty. I’m so in tune with her that, despite several days apart, her absence can be felt even in my sleep.

I find her in the bathroom, staring in the mirror, her face pale and eyes wide. “What’s wrong?”

She jumps slightly at my voice, then peers over her shoulder at me. I don’t miss that she scans my naked body. My dick thickens a bit at her eyes, yet I ignore it, crossing to her. “Are you okay?”

There’s a moment of hesitancy before she says, “I just had a bad dream, and now I can’t sleep.”

Her reluctance to say more worries me. It’s only a dream, but after everything we’ve just been through, we have to be more open with each other. I need her to share this with me, if for no other reason than to feel like we are making progress.

I prod her gently. “Want to talk about it?”

She shakes her head then says, “Yes. But later.”

That, I can live with. Meanwhile, I start her a bath and agree without pause when she invites me to join her.

A few minutes later, we’re settled in a warm tub, Alayna sitting between my legs, her back to my chest. I hold her and think for the first time in my life that I understand happiness. It’s a truly different feeling than being sexually sated. We are naked, and I’m definitely aroused. I’ll have to be inside her before our bath is over. I’ll need to lick the wet drops of water from her breasts, need to fill her tight pussy with my cock. But it’s not a requirement. Touching her, holding her, being in her world—that’s where this peaceful bliss originates.

Also, we talk. We connect with words. It’s a strange thing for both of us to communicate openly, without fear of judgment, without regret. It will take getting used to, but we begin to try. I’m profoundly excited about this new start.

I even begin to forget about the one secret that I’ve held from her. I’ve worried whether I should tell her, then I’ve worried she’d find out. Now the worry starts to fade. Perhaps it’s not that big of an issue. I can keep it buried, and, as I learn to live with it, I can maybe stop letting it affect the way I am with Alayna. Possibly I could tell her how I really feel. Tell her that I love her without the guilt preventing the words.

But then Alayna asks a very unexpected question. “What happened between you and Stacy?”

“Stacy?” It takes me a minute to figure out who Stacy is. Then I realize she means the girl who works with Mirabelle at her boutique. “Nothing happened.” I’m baffled she’d think there was anything between us. “What do you mean? Like did I date her? I took her to a charity event a year or so ago. But after that, nothing. And I didn’t sleep with her.”

Alayna doesn’t seem to be comforted. “Is there a reason she’d have a vendetta against you? Or reason to distrust you?”

I shake my head. “Not that I can think of.”

Except that’s not true, because suddenly I can think of a very valid reason why she wouldn’t trust me. Celia had played her. And when she did, she had used my persona for her scheme.

I should tell Alayna. There’s no reason to keep it from her. It wasn’t even me who played her. Well, that’s not entirely true either. I’d let Celia use my persona. And, in the end, I’d participated. I told myself it was to put an end to the scam, but I had enjoyed the rush of the game, just as Dr. Alberts had led me to realize.

Whatever the reason—the guilt of my participation, the newness of being so open—I’m not ready to share it with Alayna. Not yet. Not until I understand the reason for her interest. “Why are you asking?”

She takes a deep breath. “The last time we were at Mira’s, Stacy told me that she had some sort of video. A video that proved something or other about you and Celia. She didn’t have it with her, so I gave her my phone number so she could contact me later.”

And just like that, the peaceful place I’d discovered is disturbed. What the fuck video could Stacy have? Something from that night? Something after? Did Stacy know about our plot with Alayna? There was no way she could, but if Celia had given her something…recorded a conversation or something…

These were paranoid thoughts. Liars and schemers learn that’s the only way to stay a step ahead of discovery. I’d believed I was past this. I’m disappointed to find that I’m not.

I stall the conversation as much as I can as I try to get my balance. Then she asks point blank, “Do you know what she’s talking about?”

“No idea.” And I don’t. Not really. “She didn’t tell you what the video was of?”

“No. Just that she had it, and that it would show me why I couldn’t trust you. And she texted me again tonight. Or sometime this past week when I didn’t have a phone, and I didn’t get the message until tonight.”

Though the water is still warm, the hairs on my arms stand straight up, as if I’d been thrown into ice. It’s possible that Stacy has proof of something in the past which Alayna is already aware of. But what if it’s something else? “What did her text say?”

“That the video was too big to send over the phone but to contact her if I wanted to see it.”

I’m frightened. I would never say that aloud, but I can admit that to myself. I’m scared that I will lose Alayna. I don’t know how to deal with that fear. I’m not one who cowers.

What I do know is that Alayna can’t see that video. Not until I do. It’s with self-loathing that I resort to my greatest skill—manipulation. “Do you want to see it?”

There’s no way I’ll let her see it first. Letting her believe I’m indifferent will take away her need to pursue it.

“No.” She hesitates. “Yes.” Then, “I don’t know. Should I?”

She’s conflicted. It’s right where I want her. Now to push her to the answer I want her to choose but gently. Too forceful, and she’ll see right through me.

“Well.” I rub my hands up and down her arms, taking advantage of the distraction our intense physical connection provides. “You know that Celia can’t be trusted already. And there is nothing that Stacy could have on me that you don’t already know. You know more about my secrets and my past than anyone. You know me, Alayna.”

“I do.”

“Then unless you don’t trust me…” The words taste so sour in my mouth. Yet I chew through them.

“I do trust you. If you say there’s nothing I should be concerned about…”

Direct eye contact is the best way to sell a lie. “There isn’t.”

It may be the worst thing I’ve ever done, misleading her like this. Worse than my actual participation in the game. Because then I didn’t know her. Now I’m doing this to someone I love.

I hold my breath as she makes her decision. Though I’m sickened by my betrayal, I’m desperate for her to choose as I wish.

After what seems like a lifetime, she smiles and says, “Then I don’t need to see it.”

A mix of emotions overcomes me. Relief is the most prominent, but there’s also a heady rush. Not from the successful conning but because Alayna has just given me her trust. It’s delusional to think that I deserve it. But oh, how I want it. It’s a gift I can’t ever begin to repay.

I vow that I will try. Whatever it takes, I will work to finally earn it.

I lean forward and kiss her chin. “Thank you.”

“For what, exactly?”

There’s no way to explain my true gratitude. I make it simple. “For being open with me. You didn’t have to tell me about that, and you did anyway.”

“I’m serious about being more open and honest.”

“I see that. I’m serious about it too. The only way we can move on is to decide that we’re committed to each other first and foremost.” These words are more than my attempt to erase the lie I’ve just told. They’re the beginning of the most important promise I plan to ever make. It’s because I’m so devoted to her that I’ve hidden what I have. It’s for her. It’s for us. “Are we?”

“I am.”

It’s only two words, but they’re musical. When I marry her—and I will, one day—that vow of forever will only be a repeat of this moment right here, right now. “So am I.”

I make love to her. I need her like this, need to blot out the horrible thing I just did with the beautiful thing that we are together. I pretend that the weight of my love for her can drown out the buzzing of the lies.

My hands and mouth take over her body, a body I know by heart. Quickly, I send her toward orgasm. It’s selfish, really. I need to be inside her. Need her ready. She intervenes, though, deciding to stall her release. Straddling me, she lowers herself down my cock, moaning as I take rest inside her.

God, she’s so fucking tight. She feels so incredible. Every time, it’s a surprise. Every time, I have to gather myself so I don’t come too soon. She rides me slowly but with force. It’s hot—her tits bouncing, her forehead creased with exertion, the breathy moans of pleasure that slip out of her mouth with each slide down. So mother-fucking sexy.

But this won’t get her off. She needs me to thrust. My girl likes it hard. I wrap my hands around her ass and hold her still so I can drive into her the way she needs.

“Do you always have to take over?” She’s not complaining.

I smile slightly. “If you want us both to come, then yes.”

She laughs and it causes her pussy to tighten. I twitch inside her. I’m close. She’s close.

“And who is it that wouldn’t come if I stayed in control?”

Does she even have to ask? “You.”

I push deeper into her, angling toward the spot that always seems to send her over. It works. Instantly she’s gasping and digging into my skin as she soars through her orgasm. In this position, I can see her face clearly. She’s completely transparent in this moment. I see everything in her expression—her love, her trust, her ecstasy. It’s beautiful.

God, what I’d give to deserve her.

I finish after her. Then I kiss her along her neck and jaw and lips. When I pull away, she has tears streaming down her face. “Alayna. What is it, precious?”

But she doesn’t answer, and soon, her tears are sobs.

She pushes me away and fumbles out of the tub. I’m right behind her. I grab a towel and wrap it around her. “Alayna, talk to me.”

Again, she runs from me.

I’m baffled and worried. I have no idea what is bothering her. Did I hurt her? Was there something I said? Always, I wonder, does she know somehow?

Worst is that she’s running. When we just said we were committed to each other. When we just vowed we wouldn’t do that anymore. Did I expect too much from her too soon?

If so, she has to tell me. I follow after—I’ll always follow after her—and spin her toward me. “Talk to me. What is it?”

Her breaths are deep, her entire body shuddering with her sobs. “You. Really. Hurt me.” Her words are broken, but I understand them.

“Just now?”

“No.” She tries to calm herself enough to talk. “You really hurt me. With Celia. When you believed her. Instead of me.”

There’s a weight on my chest, crushing against my heart, making it hard to breathe. “Oh, Alayna.” I pull her to me. That I am the cause of such deep pain—it wrecks me. I wish that I could take it all from her. “Tell me. Tell me all of it. I need to hear it.”

She tells me. All of it, in short, broken sentences. Each word another knife through my own skin. “It hurts, Hudson. It hurts so much. Even though you’re here. Now. And we’re together. There’s a hole. A deep, deep hole.”

I can’t say what I want to say, the magic phrase that will take it all away. So I tell her what I can. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. If I could take it back, if I could change how I reacted…I would have chosen differently.”

“I know. I do. But you didn’t choose differently. And you can’t take that back.” She straightens in my arms. “You can never take that back.”

“No. I can’t.” For all the things I’ve accomplished in my life, they will never outweigh the burden of this one failure.

“And that changes things. It changes me.”

I’m afraid to ask, but I do. “How?”

“It makes me vulnerable. Exposed. And you know now. That you can hurt me. You can hurt me real bad.”

“Alayna.” I pull her back to me. “My precious girl. I never want to hurt you again. Will you ever be able to…forgive me?” My voice is thick and unrecognizable, and I realize that I’m also on the verge of a breakdown. If this has the power to hurt her so much, what would my other secret do?

If I’d ever wondered if our love could survive my deceit, I know the answer now. It will not. She will not.

Maybe Celia had the experiment pegged right all along. Alayna could be broken.

I rock her in my arms, kissing her, apologies on my tongue. Eventually, I carry her to the bed where she finishes her tears wrapped in my arms.

While she cries, I think how there was a brief space of time there where the whirring had stopped, where my mind was quiet and my skin didn’t itch with regrets. I’d cut Celia from my life, and though I expected that she wasn’t finished with me quite yet, I’d begun the work to ensure that she was. In Japan, I’d met with GlamPlay and convinced them to purchase shares in Werner Media. I’d even got back Plexis.

Then I’d returned home to fight for Alayna.

And I’d won.

We’d won, I thought. Our demons hadn’t come between us. We were still together. Still in love.

Then in the course of an hour, I’d realized that not only would my lie always be on the verge of discovery, but how important it was to keep that secret buried. While I’d always expected, now I knew. The truth would destroy us.

When she’s calm, we talk, we start to mend. We move on.

We’ll be fine, I know that. I’m not worried that we can’t recover from the mistakes we’ve made. The ones in the open, anyway. And I vow yet again to never let her know the truth of how she came into my world. It’s this battle that may kill me, but better me than her.

After the words are said and our hurts confessed, I make my promises again to her, silently, with my lips. I kiss her, I cherish her. From her head to her toes, I leave no space untouched. My mouth adores each square inch of her skin, each freckle, each finger, each toe.

I lavish her in love that I can’t speak. I claim her body, her life, as mine.





I tap the side of my cheek with my pen in rapid tempo, deep in thought. Has it really only been five days since I returned from Japan? It seems like a lifetime has happened in this week.

“If you purchase GlamPlay under any of your American subsidiaries though, the press is going to get a hold of that information, and it won’t be covert like you want. Hudson, are you even listening?”

I halt my pen mid-tap and throw my gaze to Norma Anders. She’s frustrated with me. With this project. I’m frustrated too. But whatever it takes, we have to make this purchase happen. “I heard you. So we need to find a more indirect way to buy GlamPlay.”

I work my jaw as I try to come up with a solution to our problem, but my brain isn’t working. Running a hand across my face, I let out an exasperated sigh. “Fuck. I don’t know. Do you have a suggestion?”

“I’m not sure.” She shakes her head as she thinks. “Actually…what if we use Walden Inc. to purchase GlamPlay? Pierce Industries still holds controlling interest there, right?”

When my father took over Walden Inc. for my mother’s family, he left a small portion of the company outside the Pierce Corporation. As a safety net, he’d said. Over the years, Pierce Industries had ended up being the lifeline for Walden Inc., purchasing shares and investing when the small financial company needed it. Now it holds its own, though Pierce Industries does own the majority of the stock. Norma’s idea is a good one. As long as Walden has enough liquid funds to pay the price—and I’m certain they do—it would be a way to move under the radar.

Walden Inc., though, is the one company that my father still actively runs. Any such purchase will have to go through him.

I’d prefer not to involve Jack. But if I have to… “It’s our only shot, isn’t it?”

“The only one I can think of. Will you have trouble convincing your father?”

Considering how Jack feels about Celia, I’m sure that won’t be a problem. “No. He’ll do it.” I push the intercom to my secretary. My meeting with Norma was early, but it’s gone long enough that Patricia should be in by now.

“Yes, Mr. Pierce?”

“I need my father on the line in about fifteen minutes, please.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Okay then,” I say to Norma. “Anything else?”

Norma scratches a note on her legal pad then looks up. “Not that I can think of. If all this goes well, we will need to be in L.A. next week for the final signatures. And no, I can’t do this for you. You’ll have to be present.”

“Great. Thank you.”

She stuffs her pad in her briefcase and sits forward as if she’s about to stand. But she pauses. “Hudson, are you all right?”

I don’t have to guess why she’s asking. I’ve been grumpy and distracted for the past few days. The sources of my stress can be broken down into two things—or people, to be precise: Celia and Stacy.

The former has begun stalking Alayna. I’m sure it’s simply a scare tactic—that Celia won’t do anything to physically harm my girlfriend—but I won’t take any chances. This deal with GlamPlay should end any interaction with Celia at all. Now if we can just survive until the deals are signed.

Stacy, on the other hand, is still an unknown quantity. The video she’s sent me…

“Hudson,” Norma prods. I’ve left her waiting too long for my answer.

“I’m fine. I just have a lot on my mind.” Understatement of the year.

I stand, hoping that will prompt her to as well. I have other business to take care of, starting with a heart-to-heart with my father. “Thank you for meeting with me early. I appreciate all your work on this project.”

She stands and nods at me. “Of course.”

“I don’t need to remind you that this all must remain confidential?” Keeping this purchase secret is vital. I haven’t even told Alayna about these plans. I wouldn’t want to get her hopes up, in case something falls through.

“Completely.” Norma says. “Oh, by the way, I wanted to thank you for hiring Gwen.”

Alayna had officially hired Norma’s little sister at The Sky Launch only the night before. “I can’t take any credit. Thank Alayna.” I suddenly remember something Alayna had said about her new manager. “Norma, may I ask why Gwenyth was so eager to leave the Eighty-Eighth Floor? I thought she was happy there.”

Norma sighs. “She was. Long story. Let’s just say there was a man.”

“Oh.” I give a tight smile letting her know she needn’t say more.

“But on that subject, Gwen would really like to not be found. Do you have any suggestions how we might make that happen?”

It was almost comforting to know I wasn’t the only one with secrets. “We’ll need to pay her under an alternate social security number. That’s illegal.” I pause to make sure she’s with me. “But I could arrange it.”

“I’d very much appreciate whatever you can do.”

“No problem.” There are few people who I’d ever make this sort of offer to. But Norma has been with me through thick and thin, and has navigated more than one not-so-legal deal in our time together. I trust her. I make a mental note to get Jordan on the task.

It’s only a few minutes after Norma’s left that Patricia has Jack on the line.

“Hudson. What a surprise. Is it my birthday?” His charm has never worked on me. Not since Celia, anyway.

I should just ignore his play, but for whatever reason, I don’t. “Your birthday is in December. It’s July seventh. So no.”

He tsks through the line. “Always so serious. How on earth can you possibly be my son?”

“Come on. We know you’re my father. The physical resemblance is irrefutable. The real question is: who else on earth is your son?” I have no idea why it feels so fucking good to be an ass to the man, but it does.

He chuckles. “So far only three are taking claim. And at least one of them would probably prefer not to.” There have been rumors that Chandler isn’t Jack’s, but he’s referring to me.

I think about that for a moment. Would I really prefer not to be Jonathon Pierce’s son? It’s a hard question to answer and not one that serves any purpose in dwelling on. I am his son, for good or for bad. With all that I’ve done to further his legacy and Pierce Industries, I’d like to say I’ve made the most of it. But now as I start to see the world differently through Alayna, maybe there’s more I could gain from Jack. Something not measured in stocks and bonds.

Anyway, it’s not for today. What I need from him now is much more tangible. “While I’d love to consider the pros and cons of being a Pierce further, I called for another reason.” I hesitate. It’s harder for me to ask than I would like. It’s the only choice I have, so I plow on. “I need a favor.”

“Ooh, that’s intriguing.” There’s a creak in the background. I can picture him in my head, sitting back in his chair, his feet crossed on his desk in front of him. “Do tell me more.”

Where in the world do I begin? There’s no good place, so I just start talking. “It may not come as any surprise to you, but it has become necessary to remove Celia Werner from my life.”

“No, really!” he gasps in mock astonishment. “Glad you’ve finally come around to see the light. That girl is fucked up.”

It’s strange that there is still a part of me that wants to defend Celia. Except for her most recent actions, she’d done nothing worse than I’d ever done. And, as always, I can blame the way she behaves on me.

Stranger is that my father, who I would never describe as intuitive, seems to guess at my feelings. “She’s not like you, Hudson,” he says. “I know that you think she is, but she’s different. She wants to hurt people. You just want to understand them.”

I’m stunned at his insight, but I try to hide the shock from my voice. “You’re right. She’s not like me.” It’s a big admission, and I could spend more time trying to evaluate how I feel about this. But it doesn’t really matter. “Celia’s been stalking Alayna.”

“Fuck. Are you kidding me? Jesus.” He curses some more, things I can’t make out, then asks, “Is Laynie okay?”

I grit my teeth. “She is. A bit shaken, but I have a bodyguard on her. She’s safe.”

“Thank God.” My father’s always been fond of Alayna. It’s bothersome. Is his attraction to her fatherly or something else? Even if he came right out and told me, I’d likely have a hard time believing it.

But it’s because of his fondness for her, and because of his loathing for Celia, that I know he’ll help with my plan. “Celia hasn’t broken the law yet and talking to her has done no good. I need another way to convince her to stop her game.”

“And I’m sure you have an idea already in the works. Hit me with it.”

As succinctly as possible, I tell him how I’ve already convinced GlamPlay to buy into Werner Media, and how, if combined with the shares I already hold, it would be possible to own the majority stock in Warren’s company. “If I purchase GlamPlay—”

“Then you’ll be able to boot Warren out,” my father finishes.

“Right. I don’t want to actually take control of Werner Media, I just want to have the power to do so. And since I need it to be covert, I need to buy GlamPlay under a different entity.”

“You want to use Walden Inc.” My father catches on quickly. I shouldn’t be surprised. He was the one who taught me. “Of course. Tell me what to do, and it’s done.”

I spend the better part of the next hour working out the plan with Jack. He’s smarter than I remember, quick to solve problems that come up during the conversation. It’s…nice, actually. A bit like coming home.

Before we finish, another idea strikes me. “Anyone using the cabin this weekend?”

“In the Poconos? Not me. Mira’s the only one who goes up there really, and she’s so busy with her opening, she’s not going to want to leave town. Are you thinking about going up?”

“Yeah. I think I’ll take Alayna.” The stress of the past few weeks is taking its toll on me. On her too. We need some time alone.

“Good idea. Do you need a key? I can have mine couriered over.”

I have one somewhere, but rather than try to search for it, I take him up on the offer. “Thanks. I’d appreciate it. And Dad,” I pause, not sure how to say what else it is I want to say. Finally I settle on, “Thanks for everything else too.”

After I hang up, I stare at the phone for several long minutes. After the years of tension and resentment between us, I wonder, did we just reconcile? God, is there nothing that Alayna won’t have a finger on in my life? I’m not complaining.

With Celia shit handled for the moment, thoughts return to the other major weight on my mind—Stacy. I’d had Jordan find her contact information first thing on the day after I learned about the video. Then I emailed her. And called. When she didn’t respond, I emailed and called again. Every day. My messages were, well, threatening. Finally, yesterday, she sent me the video.

Today, I’m still processing what to do with it.

I turn to my computer and open the file. I’ve watched it several times now, but I’m compelled to watch it again. It’s both worse and better than I thought it might be. It’s not exact footage of my conversations with Celia regarding Alayna, for instance. But what it does show is also damning if a person put together the pieces.

I try to see it the way Alayna would. First, she’d be hurt. It’s me kissing Celia. I wouldn’t want to watch her kiss another man, and if it were someone I knew she had a history with—David, for example—it would be so much worse. So there’s one reason why she should never see the video.

After that, she’d want to know why I was kissing Celia. I’d always said I was never in a romantic relationship with her. I wasn’t. I could say that I lied before, that Celia and I actually did have a fling. But I’ve never been a fan of lies, and that’s what it would be. If I told her the truth, that I was helping Celia with a scam, then Alayna will think I was still playing then. Even if she understands that I truly wasn’t, she won’t miss that the video takes place outside the symposium where I first saw her. She’ll know Celia was with me that night.

How far of a leap would it be for her to go from Celia and me at the symposium to Celia and me playing a game with her?

Again, it’s paranoid. But I would leap to that conclusion. I’m more analytical, sure. Still, Alayna’s smart. I wouldn’t put it past her. And that’s just a risk I can’t take.

Alayna can never see this video. Whatever I have to do, I’ll have to convince Stacy to get rid of it. It has to be destroyed.





Chapter Twenty-Two





The bar at Lester’s is much different than the type I usually frequent. There’s a pool table and darts in the back corner. The patrons wear jeans. I’m the only one in a suit, let alone a suit that probably costs the entire amount that the register will take in tonight. The music blares from an old jukebox—hits from the nineties that seem familiar. I’d prefer a live band. Jazz or a piano player would be nice. But I’m not here for the ambiance. Lester’s fulfills the two requirements I have at the moment—they have a good bottle of Scotch, and it’s only half a block away from the loft. I’ll be drunk when I leave here. Hopefully, the short distance will ensure that I pass out on my own property.

I shake my head at myself. Me, turning to liquor for comfort. It’s quite comical. To think that only yesterday I was curled up with Alayna in the mountains, making love under the stars, flirting with the topic of marriage. Tonight, I’m here. What a difference a day makes.

I’d known something was wrong the moment I’d walked into the penthouse. I found her outside on the balcony. Drunk. Ha. She’d chosen the bottle as her friend as well. I hadn’t realized the irony until right this moment, when I’ve just ordered my third this hour. We’re so alike, she and I. And so different. She’s made mistakes with us, but I fully believe hers have been with the best of intentions. I can defend my own evil ways—and I will if it comes to it—yet my excuses really hold no weight. How could I ever explain such a level of deceit?

I don’t have the answer. That’s why I’m sitting here, alone, in this fucking bar. I don’t have the answers.

She saw the video.

I have to say it over and over to remind myself that it’s not just a nightmare of what might happen, but is the actual fact of the matter now. She’s seen it. And worse, she knows the lengths I went to in order for her not to see it. I’d practically bribed Stacy to get rid of it. I’d lied to Alayna. Outright lied. I thought I’d covered my ass, that she’d never find out. I was wrong.

God, was I wrong…

So I was unprepared.

I’m usually good on my feet. Preparation isn’t mandatory. But I had no words for Alayna. Snippets of our conversation replays over and over in my mind. Looks can be deceiving, I told her. I’m not admitting anything. You haven’t figured out anything.

Fuck, I’m such an asshole. What else could I have said? Nothing. I have no answers, I said. The subject is closed.

And then…Jesus, I cringe at the memory of this…I blamed her for the lack of trust. Did I mention I’m an asshole? Worse than that. I’m a horrible person. Willing to throw her under the bus to hide what I’ve done to us. What I’m still doing to us.

The bartender checks on me. I gulp the last of my glass. “Another,” I say.

I stare dazedly into the mirror behind the bottles. The reflection that meets me looks like fucking death. What does Alayna even see in me? How does she not see me for the vile creature that I am? I don’t blame her for pushing me further tonight. I would have pushed her if the roles were reversed. Because it’s evident that I’m hiding something. I’m hiding everything. I can’t even tell her how I feel about her because it’s all tangled up in this lie. I’m drowning in this charade, and I don’t know how to get a breath.

I did the only thing I could do. I called a timeout.

A fucking timeout.

What am I supposed to do with that? Do I believe that hours away from her will help me come up with a bigger and better lie? Do I think it will give me the balls to come clean about everything? Or am I hoping that the break will make her forget all her questions? I laugh out loud at the absurdity.

“Something funny?”

The question comes from the woman on the stool to my right. I hadn’t noticed her come in. I barely notice her now. “An inside joke,” I say, dismissively. Which is stupid. I know that engaging at all, even at a minimum, only encourages more conversation.

I’m correct in my assumption.

“Tell me about it, sugar. Lola’s got a good ear.”

She refers to herself in third person. I roll my eyes.

“Come on, honey. You wouldn’t be here if you didn’t want to talk to someone.”

I snort—the alcohol is definitely taking effect. “I’m here because I want to get loaded.”

“But that’s not all. Otherwise, you’d be drinking alone somewhere.”

I look her over now. She’s older than me, forties, I’d guess. Not bad looking. Her hair, nails and boobs are fake. Her skirt is too short, but she has nice legs.

The bartender returns with my drink, and Lola places her own order. I can tell she’s hoping I’ll offer to buy it for her. I consider it. Not because I’m thinking of hooking up with her—even if she were the hottest supermodel, I wouldn’t bang her. I’m with Alayna. Even with a timeout, I’d never be unfaithful. Besides, no one else does it for me anymore. The only woman I’ll get hard for I left in tears in my penthouse apartment. I broke her fucking heart. When I promised myself I never would. When I told her that I’d never leave. I left.

I feel like shit. And that’s why I consider buying Lola a drink. She’s open, trusting—she’d be easily played. The things I could make her believe, the things I could make her do…a million different scenarios start forming in my mind.

Then they stop.

The game won’t solve anything. It will be a quick high and then what? Then I’ll be even less worthy of Alayna than I am now. I can’t fight my demons with my demons. It’s not the solution I’m looking for.

So I swallow down my drink and close out my tab.

I stagger back to the loft and spread out on the couch. I don’t let myself sleep in my bed. I don’t deserve to be comfortable. I don’t deserve to be where she’s been. I don’t deserve her.

I wake the next day with a dry mouth and a fucking headache. It’s an instant reminder of the miserable situation I’ve put myself in. After texting my secretary to reschedule all my appointments for the day, I allow myself a glass of water, but I don’t take any pain relievers. I earned this discomfort, and I won’t back away from it.

When my phone buzzes, I check it immediately, hoping it’s Alayna. It’s not, and I pretend I’m not disappointed. It’s important though—a text from Norma asking me to call her. She knows not to text me anything incriminating. She also knows to be careful about her phone calls. If she’s texting, she needs me.

She doesn’t even say hello when I ring her. “You aren’t in your office.”

“No. I’m working from my loft today.” I look and feel like shit. I shouldn’t see people. “What do you need?”

“Stuart Reed’s having doubts.”

Stuart’s our man at GlamPlay. I don’t need this. Not today. “Did you explain to him that Walden Inc. is still me?”

“He’s not having doubts about that. They’re ready to sell to you no matter which company you’re purchasing with. He’s having doubts about buying into Werner Media. Their latest stock prices weren’t as high as predicted.”

“With the change in the economy, those prices were incredible. What does Reed fucking expect?” I run a hand through my hair. “You know what? I don’t give a fuck about his doubts. We’ll finish the purchase of GlamPlay first, and then he won’t have a choice in the matter.”

“Pissing off Stuart Reed is not a good idea.” Norma’s calm, reasonable. “Of course, you will have full power to do what you want when you own the company, but it will be much easier if Stuart is on your side.”

I lean against the full-length windows that look out over the city and remind myself why it’s not a good idea to punch my fist through them. “What do you suggest I do then, Norma?”

“You need to alleviate some of his concerns. I don’t think it will take much. A friendly conversation off the record.” There’s a voice in the background. Male. I’m pissed that she’s talking about this in front of anyone, but I trust Norma.

It’s because I trust her that I give her the benefit of the doubt. “Do you have a plan to arrange this friendly conversation?” We’re running out of time on this deal.

“I wouldn’t have called if I didn’t.” Her gloating grin can be heard through the phone. “Stuart will be at the Breezeway Charity Ball tonight. We’ll go together.”

“To the Breezeway Ball? Do tell me how you plan to get me in there.” The Breezeway board of directors, Alan Fleming, is not a fan of Hudson Pierce. I’d played his sister early in my history of the game, before I’d learned that the experiment was best performed away from my work and home. Not for the first time, I wonder if my past will ever let me go.

“Alan will not be there himself. And the name on the guest list is mine. So we’ll have to go together. We’ll go late, and we won’t stay long. Pick me up at eight.”

The plan sounds dreadful, but only because the last thing I want to do tonight is get dressed up in a tux and schmooze. But it’s necessary. And what else am I planning on doing with the evening? Another night of drinking doesn’t seem very productive. I manage to say thank you before hanging up.

Another text comes through before I put my phone down. This time it is from Alayna. Two words, a simple request—Come home.

I make my way to an armchair where I slump and stare at the screen, reading the message over and over. She still wants me. My throat tightens at that knowledge, and it takes everything in me not to jump to obey. But where would we be then? Nothing’s changed. We’re still at an impasse. And I’m not ready to do what I think will eventually be my only course of action.

I’m still sitting there when her next text comes in. Are you avoiding me now?

I type and delete my answer several times. I have no response. She sends more texts:

The least you can do is talk to me.

You said I was everything to you.

Talk to me.

I won’t ask about it if you don’t want to.

This isn’t fair. Shouldn’t I be the one who’s mad?

Each new message stabs me in the chest, wrenches my gut. I’ve caused her so much pain, yet I know this is nothing compared to the pain of the truth. What do I do? Let her suffer like this or confess what will likely destroy her? Perhaps I should just walk away. Break things off and break her heart. It will kill me, I know. I’m beginning to see there’s no saving us. Soon, I’ll have to choose what’s best for her and forget about me.

But not today. I can’t yet. I’m not ready.

I send her a text of my own because I love her, and I can’t bear to leave her hanging any longer. I’m not mad. I’m not avoiding you. I don’t know what to say.

I don’t know what to say. How true is that? So goddamned true.

Don’t say anything. Just come home.

I choke on a caustic laugh. For the second time in twenty-four hours, I’ve engaged when I shouldn’t have. Now I have to draw this out, repeating words she can’t understand. I can’t. Not yet. We need time.

I don’t need time. I need you.

Fuck, how I need her. She has no idea. We’ll talk later.

You don’t understand. I have to talk now. I’ll keep texting you. I can’t help myself.

And I’ll read every one. But she doesn’t send anything after that, and I’m disappointed. More than disappointed. I’m shattered. Her brief words were keeping me afloat. Her absence from my phone makes me worry. Did something happen? And I think the worst—that her life can go on without me. My life, on the other hand, is at a fucking standstill.

I check in with Jordan and learn she’s convinced him to join her for a run. I’d forbidden her from running outdoors, concerned about Celia and her stalking. She’s defying my wishes—can I blame her?—but at least she’s taken her bodyguard. At least she still cares enough about me to compromise. If only there was a way I could compromise with her. I’d give her anything she wanted, tell her every secret from my past, break down every last standing wall, as long as she could tell me she’d never leave me. That she wouldn’t give up on us.

And she’d say that she wouldn’t. She’d promise me forever.

But I won’t let her make that promise. If she found out what I’ve done, she wouldn’t be able to keep it.





My phone rings in the middle of the night. In a state of half-sleep, I reach toward the coffee table where I’d left it before settling down on the couch. Then I stop myself. It’s probably Alayna—and God, how I want it to be her—but I don’t have the strength to deny her right now. Not in the dark hours of the night when I want her so desperately that I’ll say and do anything to have her.

I sit up and scrub my hands over my face. I’m awake now. Actually, I’m surprised I slept at all. I look at the time. It’s almost three. I guess I slept more than I thought. I’d gotten in around midnight. As I’d said I would, I’d gone to the charity ball with Norma and even managed to chat up Stuart Reed. I think I did my job of convincing him that Werner Media was a good investment, but before I had a chance to confirm it, I’d gotten a text from Reynold, Alayna’s second shift bodyguard, telling me that not only was Celia at The Sky Launch, but that Alayna had dismissed him for the night.

Needless to say, I was furious. And worried as hell.

I grabbed Norma, and we took off for the club. Unsafe as it was to drive under emotional duress and talk on the phone, I called Alayna anyway. I kept her on the phone until I arrived at the curb outside. With my own eyes, I saw Celia leave. Alayna was safe, thank God. But she’d seen me—seen me with Norma, dressed up for a night out.

How do I only seem to dig myself deeper? Of course, that’s why she wants to talk to me. I should explain. The deal is so close to coming to fruition, maybe that’s one thing I can share with Alayna. But if Celia has Alayna tapped or bugged…I can’t risk Celia finding out about this before it happens.

So I’ll have to keep this silent too.

My phone starts ringing again, and it takes everything I have not to pick it up and chuck it across the room. Possibly the thing that stops me is realizing that the screen isn’t flashing Alayna’s name; it’s flashing Adam’s.

My heart is in my throat when I answer. “Adam?” I don’t wait for him to answer. “What’s wrong? Is it Mirabelle?”

“She’s having contractions,” he says. “We’re at Lennox Hill.”

“The baby?” It’s too familiar—this unknowing ache. A fragile being that I’ve yet to meet but already care so much for. And that it’s Mirabelle…this can’t happen. I can’t bear it if this happens. Not to her.

Adam’s voice is tight. “We don’t know yet. God, we don’t know anything yet.”

“I’ll be right there.” I hang up and don’t give it a second thought before texting Jordan. Then I push the top number on my speed dial list. “Alayna. I need you.”

“What is it?” Three short words, but her love and care are evident.

“Mira. At the hospital. The baby…” I choke up, unable to say more.

“I’ll be right there.”

“Jordan’s already on his way to get you.” I hold the phone to my chest for several minutes after she hangs up. This may be as close to holding her as I get tonight, and I cherish it.

At the hospital, Adam texts that Mirabelle’s been moved to the obstetrics ward, but I wait for Alayna before going up there. I can’t see my sister like this. I’m weak. I’m a mess. I need my strength.

Then, there it is—my strength. Alayna walks in wearing yoga pants and a T-shirt, and she’s more beautiful than anyone I’ve ever seen. My pulse slows ever so slightly, and air seems to finally move through my lungs better than it had just a moment before. She does this for me. She gives and gives, without knowing, even when I distance myself from her. Even when I’ve wounded her, she’s here to repair me.

The truth of my situation is beginning to take root inside me. Everything about her is light. I cannot continue to keep her in darkness forever.

When she reaches me, we fall into step together. We head to the elevator, and I catch her up on what I know. When she reaches her hand out to me, I take it. I shouldn’t. The last thing I want to do is complicate things for her. But I can’t not touch her any longer. I hold it as long as I can before the feel of her skin against mine makes me want more of her, all of her. Then I let it go, and forbid myself the comfort of her touch again.

Before we’ve reached Mirabelle’s floor, I’ve already broken that deal. I brush my thumb across her cheek. It’s a habit, I realize, to hold and caress her. I have to try harder.

We find the rest of the family rather quickly. My parents, Chandler, and Adam are all waiting outside Mirabelle’s room. I tense. It’s too reminiscent of the last time I came to the hospital to see a woman in the maternity ward. Fortunately, the story I receive this time is very different. Adam insures us that Mirabelle—and the baby—are fine. For now. She’d gotten dehydrated, that’s all.

I want to fucking kill her. Rushing to the hospital out of dead fear because she didn’t bother to carry around a water bottle?

But of course I don’t really want to kill her. I’m relieved. I’m so very relieved. And I have to believe that there is some sort of justice in this world, some sort of higher power that recognizes the goodness of the woman that I’m fortunate enough to call my sister. While many of the women in my life seem to be cursed for loving me, Mirabelle seems to have remained unscathed. I spend a silent moment in gratitude, thanking whoever or whatever for sparing her.

My eyes flicker to Alayna. Now, whom do I have to pray to in order to save her?





Chapter Twenty-Three





I’ve called Adam to check up on Mirabelle five times in the last two days, and I’ve texted even more frequently. Of course, I’d always worry about her, but the separation from Alayna makes me even more anxious in general. Since I still can’t find the words she needs to hear, I attempt to avoid all thought of her. It’s impossible, but I try anyway, throwing my energy into preparing for my trip this afternoon to finish the deal with GlamPlay and worrying about Mirabelle.

I’ve just settled in at my desk after lunch with a cup of black coffee when Patricia intercoms me. “Mirabelle Sitkin on the line for you.” Seems my sister’s beat me to the call today.

“Send it back.” I take a large swallow from my coffee, letting the phone ring three times before picking it up. I’m not sleeping well, and my morning caffeine has seemed to have worn off. “Mirabelle, aren’t I supposed to be the one checking up on you?”

“That’s exactly why I’m calling.” Her voice is light and bubbly. “Adam says you’ve been harassing him.”

“Harassing? That’s a fine description for brotherly concern.”

“And I adore the concern. I really do.” She lets out a sigh. “But between you and Mom and Dad and Adam…I think a once-a-day friendly text will do just fine.”

I sit back in my chair and swivel back and forth as I speak. “You know, if you’d let me hire a nurse to follow you around like I suggested, I wouldn’t need to check in.”

“Hudson, I don’t need a nurse. I’m married to a doctor. Remember?”

I shrug even though she can’t see it. “And you were married to a doctor when you were admitted to the hospital three nights ago. It’s obviously not enough.”

“Oh, my God. Are you serious?”

“Very.” I stop my swiveling and lean on the desk in front of me. “But if you say you’re fine and promise me that you’re drinking and resting—”

“—I am!”

“Then I’ll agree to one call and one text a day.” This is a hard concession for me to make. I pinch the bridge of my nose as I force myself to accept it. Besides, I reason with myself, I have to fly to Los Angeles for the weekend, and I’ll likely not have time for anything more.

“Deal,” she agrees. “I’m glad we got that worked out. But that isn’t really why I’m calling.”

“Oh?” And now I remember why I’d done all my checking in with my brother-in-law. I was afraid of the conversation that I’m certain she’s about to embark on.

“Nope. You and Laynie…”

It’s kind the way she trails off, letting me fill in the blanks rather than asking me straight out. But I know that if I don’t answer the way she wants, she’ll become more direct. I’m not surprised that she’s asking. She’d noticed we were…strained…when we visited her at the hospital. She’d even sent Alayna and me out of the room to repair whatever was wrong. The time alone with Alayna was hard. Still worked up over the cause for our emergency visit, the rift between us seemed so inconsequential. But, of course, it isn’t. And though I wanted to do nothing but pull her into my arms and confess every secret, including how much I love her, I refrained.

For Mirabelle’s sake, we agreed to set aside our issues and put on a happy face. It seemed like my sister bought it. She convinced Alayna of that, anyway. I knew better. Mirabelle has a knack for reading people. She has a knack for reading me. I’ve never been able to fool her.

So I don’t begin to think I can fool her now. “I fucked up, Mirabelle.” That about sums it up.

“What did you do?” Her voice is low and tense, and I momentarily regret saying anything. Not because I’m not willing to share but because I’m worried about stressing her out.

But it’s out now. I don’t have to say everything, but I have to say something. “I lied to her.”

“And she found out?” She doesn’t ask the details of my deceit, which I appreciate.

“Yes. She found out. But there’s more I haven’t told her, more I need to say.” I’m surprised that I’m spilling my soul so easily. And it feels good. All the build-up, I think I’ve been desperate to talk to someone. Since I’d never initiate a conversation, I’m suddenly grateful that Mirabelle did.

“Okay.” She takes a breath that’s deep enough I can hear it through the line. “So you need to tell her, but you haven’t?”

“No.”

“Because you’re afraid of…what?”

“Losing her.” Just saying the words makes my throat tight.

“But you won’t know that unless you tell her. Will you?”

Isn’t that the question of the decade.The question of my lifetime, actually. It’s been four days since I declared we needed time. Four nights that I haven’t buried myself inside her, haven’t felt her clench around me, haven’t fallen asleep to the sound of her rhythmic breathing. Four days and nights—it feels like forever. And still I don’t know what I should do.

I realize that time is not going to give me any answers. It won’t be away from Alayna that I’ll find the strength to make this choice.

I’m quiet too long. Mirabelle says, “Your silence leads me to believe you aren’t going to.” Her disappointment is heavy in her tone.

“Not true. My silence is only a product of not having a response.”

“Well, then.” She pauses, and I can sense her wanting to say more. Finally, she says, “Do you want my advice?”

“If I say no, will you refrain from giving it anyway?”

“Probably not.” She considers. “Definitely not.”

“Then by all means, go ahead.” I shoot a glance toward my liquor cabinet, wondering if it’s too early to spike my coffee.

“I’m not going to ask what you’re keeping from her.” She’s pacing; I’m sure of it. She likes to walk as she lectures. “If it’s something you don’t want to tell her, I’m sure it’s not something you want to tell me. But, I know that you could tell me anything, and I would still love you. And not just because I’m your sister. And though it’s hard to admit this, I kinda get the sense that Laynie loves you even more than I do. She chose you. Out of everyone out there who she could love or who could love her, she chose you, Hudson. I have to believe she sees that thing about you too. That thing you think doesn’t exist. That thing that makes all your bull worth it. And if she sees that, if she loves that as much as I think she does? Then I don’t think there’s anything you can say that will make you lose her. Even if it’s the ugliest secret of all time.”

“Even if it’s the worst betrayal you can imagine?” Her sentiment is pretty. But it’s naïve.

She pauses, and I know she’s preparing for more of her happy-ever-after spiel. For once, Mirabelle surprises me. “Did I ever tell you that I cheated on Adam?”

“Uh, no.” I’m hoping she doesn’t tell me now.

“A long time ago. Before we were even engaged. I slept with another guy.”

I’m shocked. Mirabelle has always been the picture of loyalty and commitment. “I don’t know if I want to hear this.”

She plows ahead anyway. “I was stupid. But it was really shitty. I mean, he knew the guy. They were roommates in their undergrad program. And we were serious at the time—Adam and I. I just…I don’t know. It was stupid. I did something stupid. And for stupid reasons too. I wanted to get Adam’s attention. Can you believe that? Well, it sure got his attention. Also, almost lost me the love of my life.”

“Mirabelle…” I’m not sure what to say.

“No, no, it’s fine now. The point is that fidelity is important in any relationship, but even more so for Adam because his previous girlfriend cheated, and, well, that’s a whole other story. Anyway.” She huffs into the receiver. “Cheating is the ultimate betrayal for him. And we worked things out. It wasn’t easy, but here we are. So, yeah, I believe forgiveness happens. Even in the Pierce family.”

I’m still stunned. I’m also not convinced my situation with Alayna is anything like Mirabelle’s. For one thing, anyone who doesn’t recognize my sister is the catch of a lifetime is crazy, no matter what her sins. But I’m moved by her confession. “Thank you for telling me that. It does give some perspective.”

“Hudson, don’t just smile and nod and then dismiss everything I’m saying.” God, she knows me too well. “Because here’s the other thing. Lies like those? They grow. They grow between you like big black holes. Pretty soon you can’t see each other through the darkness. And that part of you that Laynie loves? She won’t be able to find it anymore through the cloud. In other words, you can tell her the truth and give her the chance to prove she loves you anyway. Or you can let the lie grow until she leaves you because she doesn’t know who you are anymore. It may be just me, but I think you have a better shot with the truth.”

Twenty minutes after I’ve hung up with Mirabelle, her words are still rooted in my head, clinging to my conscience like mold on spoiled fruit. I can’t concentrate on anything else. I’ve read the same email from Stuart Reed three times now and still haven’t gotten anything from it. When I notice he’s copied Norma, I give up on it. If it’s important, she’ll fill me in on our flight.

Thinking of my flight…I should tell Alayna that I’m leaving town. I pick up my cell phone and begin a text. Then I delete it. I can’t even seem to say something as simple as By the way, I’ll be in L.A. through the weekend. She’ll want to know more—she deserves to know more—and once again, I can’t give it.

Instead, I text Jordan.Checking in, how’s Alayna today?

He responds quickly. What do you mean? Isn’t she with you?

I’m alarmed enough by this response to call him directly. “Why would she be with me?”

Jordan sounds genuinely confused. “I dropped her off about twenty minutes ago. She said she was going to surprise you.”

It would have been a nice surprise. “Well, she’s not here.”

“She’s somewhere in the building,” Jordan insists. “I’ve been sitting out front this whole time.”

There are other exits out of Pierce Industries, but they’d be difficult for her to get to. It’s possible that she gave Jordan the slip, but for some reason, I don’t think that’s her plan. “Stay on the line while I check the loft.”

Maybe she did plan to surprise me. Naked in my bed upstairs. I can hope, anyway.

While I take the private elevator up to my quarters, I question Jordan further. “You’re supposed to report whenever she goes anywhere. Why didn’t you tell me when you got here?”

“She asked me to give her a few minutes. After that, I figured you would have already worked it out.” Jordan sounds as anxious as I feel. “Do you want me to come up?”

“No. Stay out there. Watch the doors.” I’m in the loft now. Even without checking the bedroom and the bath, I know she’s not here. The room feels too ordinary. I’d sense her if she were here.

God, I’m beginning to sound like Mirabelle.

“She’s not here,” I tell Jordan. And now I’m fully concerned. “I’m checking the live camera feeds. Contact security and have them review the last half hour’s tapes. See if we can trace her.”

I end the call and head back down the elevator. After checking to make sure my secretary hasn’t seen her, I return to my office. The closet in the far corner houses a private media cabinet. Here, I have a system set up to duplicate all the camera feeds from the main security desk. These don’t record anything except for the cameras around my office. A quick scan through all the feeds of the main hallways and elevators turns up no sight of her. Not expecting to find anything on the recordings—she’d be here if she came to my floor, after all—I rewind frame by frame anyway.

Then I see her. Getting off the elevator outside my office. Instead of coming in, though, she darts down the hallway, away from me, and toward—

My phone rings. It’s Jordan. “We found her on your floor,” he says. “It seems she went to another office. Uh, getting the name now. It’s—”

“—Norma Anders,” I finish for him. I shouldn’t be surprised. Actually, I’m not really. I’m also kind of proud. And a whole lot irritated. “Is she still there?”

“There’s no sign that she left.”

“Thank you, Jordan. I’ll take care of it from here.” I pocket my phone and chew over this new development as I walk out to the hallway. What on earth does Alayna expect to gain from Norma? I trust Norma—she won’t spill any secrets about our upcoming deal. But Alayna doesn’t know that. Is she trying to find out about GlamPlay and Werner Media? No, she can’t even know enough to ask. Then is she here for something about Gwenyth? Or is she still jealous of my relationship with my right-hand financial manager?

Goddammit, why can’t Alayna just trust me?

So what if her trust isn’t warranted. I want it all the same. Especially when my secrets are mostly to protect her.

And sneaking around to talk to my staff members is not the way to help our relationship. It’s backhanded, which may be a case of the pot calling the kettle black, but I know that two wrongs do not make a right. She shouldn’t be here. She needs to quit pushing, always pushing.

By the time she turns into my hallway, I’m boiling. She tiptoes along the way to the elevator, her eyes fixed on my office. Okay, it’s adorable. My fury eases a notch. Or several.

She doesn’t notice me even when she’s nearly upon me, so she jumps when I say, “Alayna.”

She looks up at me with her doe-eyes, and there it is—the light that I love, beaming back at me with the affection and desire that I’ve grown accustomed to seeing in her gaze.

Is it crazy that in the midst of my frustration, all I want to do is fall down at the feet of this woman and worship her very existence? My life without her has been so dark, so dismal. She’s not just my light; she’s my sun. My world revolves around her.

But right now, she’s in trouble. And I’m about to let her know.

I wrap my arm around her, her skin warming me through my suit. “Let’s talk in private, shall we?” I lead her to my office. I tell Patricia to hold my calls. Then I shut and lock the door behind us.

Locking the door wasn’t actually necessary. I’m not sure if I do it to frighten her or tempt myself.

Alayna’s certainly not scared. She’s almost flirtatious as she greets me. “Well, hello, H.”

My cock is already stiffening. I release her arm. “What are you doing here, Alayna?”

“What am I doing here in your office? You dragged me in here, remember?” She walks away from me with a swagger that makes me want to bend her over my knee.

I bite back a smile that I don’t want to give way to. “Don’t be cute. I meant in the building.”

She peers back at me over her shoulder, and I swear to God her expression is screaming Fuck Me. “Maybe I came to see you. I tend to stalk when I feel dismissed by a man.”

Feisty Alayna is quite a turn-on. It’s very inconvenient.

I sigh. “You didn’t come to see me. You arrived on this floor over half an hour ago and are just now coming by my office.”

She spins toward me. “How the fuck do you know everything I do? Jordan? Your security cameras?”

“I’m not going to feel guilty for the lengths I go to in order to protect what’s mine.” I’d do so much more. I’d kill for her if I had to.

I expected my dominating male routine to irritate her. Instead, she licks her lips.

Jesus, I’m half-hard.

I’ve wanted her for days, but now that she’s here, I remember why I can’t have her. It’s not fair. Until I deal with the lie between us, I have to keep my distance.

Which means, I have to get her out of here. “Alayna?”

She tears her eyes from me, leaving me instantly cold. “Yours, huh? Don’t make me laugh.”

“Jesus, how many times do I have to go through this with you?” I can’t keep up with her. She’s hot one minute, cold the next. Much the way I feel, actually.

“I don’t know. Maybe a couple hundred more times. Because I’m obviously not getting it.”

I turn away from her and shove my hand through my hair. I’m torn between screaming some sense into her and ripping off her clothing and claiming her with my cock. Neither would be very productive, though both would feel fucking fantastic.

No. I have to remember my agenda. I turn back to her, hoping I seem more in control. “Why. Are. You. Here?”

“I came to see Norma.” Finally, she’s honest.

“About Gwen?”

She covers her face with her hands in frustration. When she drops them, she says, “About you, you dummy. I don’t give a shit about anything but you.” Her voice is tight. “Jesus, how many times do I have to go through this with you?”

Her admission renews my earlier irritation. “You came to talk to my employee about me?” Maybe irritation wasn’t a strong enough word. I was fucking pissed.

And yeah, I was mostly pissed at myself. How did I let us get to this? She and I on different sides. We’re supposed to be on the same side. Always.

She throws my own words back at me in defense. “Don’t guilt me for protecting what’s mine.”

It’s then I know she gets it. Or maybe it’s me who finally gets it. She’s fighting for me in the same way that I’m fighting for her. We aren’t against each other—we’re for each other.

If she’s willing to keep battling after all I’ve put her through, maybe we do have a chance. Maybe Mirabelle’s right. Maybe Alayna can love me anyway.

“I only wanted to see for myself if she was into you,” she says, softer now. “If you had something going with her.” Then she points a finger at me. “And don’t you dare talk to me about trust because you know I get jealous about her, and you aren’t around to help reassure me.”

I lean against the couch and study her. How can I blame her for things I’d do? Things I’ve done? I can’t. “Did you get what you came for?” I ask her.

“I did.”

“And?”

She bites her lip. I’m so jealous of that lip. “She thinks a lot of you. She respects you and admires you, and she recognizes you’re physically attractive—don’t let that go to your head.”

“But…”

“But she’s not into you anymore. I can see it in her eyes.”

Or she discovered Norma’s secret affair with her assistant. Either way, I’m pleased that this jealousy has been nipped in the bud. “Good.” Perhaps it was a good thing she talked to my employee after all. “Then you believe the things I’ve told you.”

“It was never the things you’ve told me that were the issue. It’s the things you haven’t told me.”

“They aren’t your things to know.” It’s not fair, but it’s for her own good. Always for her.

She just doesn’t see it. “What the ever-living fuck? I could say the same thing about you—spying on me, digging into my history before you’d even met me—maybe I think those aren’t your things to know. Still, you did—and do—whatever the hell you want with no regard to boundaries or personal space.”

She faces me head on. “And while that’s out there, let me be clear—since you aren’t able to explain things to me, I’m digging on my own.”

Panic streaks down my spine. How much digging until she discovers the truth?

“That’s right. I’ve been through all of the books Celia sent. I’ve been to see Stacy. And Norma. I’m collecting my own facts. Don’t you think it would be better to tell me your secrets than have me find them out on my own?”

“Alayna, stop digging.” I step toward her. She’s a smart woman. If she tries hard enough, she’ll figure it out. And it will destroy her.

“You’re protecting Celia again, aren’t you?”

Is she so blind to not see? “Celia’s not who I’m protecting.”

“Who then? Yourself? Me?”

I’m close now to telling her—telling her everything. Because I hate that she doesn’t understand. How can she not understand how much my past will hurt her? How I want to save her. And, God, I don’t think I can.

She has to go. For her own good. Before she pushes me too far. I grab her at the elbow. “You need to leave, now.”

Alayna winces like she’s just gotten the wind knocked out of her. Like I’ve just knocked the wind out of her. It’s unbearable to see her like this, tears spilling down her cheeks. “Shutting me out again. Like you always do. Hiding behind your thick walls.” Her pain is palpable. “What’s the point of me even fighting for you if you’re never, never going to let me in? Who are you protecting, Hudson? Who?”

It’s the end of my rope. I can’t let her believe that I’m not fighting just as hard. For her. “Yes, you, dammit! I’m protecting you. Always you.”

Then, because I can never tell her in words the way I feel, I have to tell her with my body. I crush my lips against hers, tasting her, devouring her. I’m so goddamn desperate for her kiss—because I have to tell her how I feel. Because I need to feel how she feels about me.

It’s only meant to be a kiss. Or it’s not meant to be anything because there’s no thought involved. But when she wraps a leg around mine, when she tilts her hips against me, rubbing against my hard cock, then I have no choice but to continue. She’s like a roller coaster ride. Once you get on, you’re there for the whole ride.

And so I ride.

I spin her toward the couch and remove her panties. My fingers stroke inside her cunt. Christ, she’s wet. She’s always so fucking ready for me. I have my pants down and my cock out before I have a chance to second-guess myself. With my fingers gripped around her hips, I thrust in. Hard.

I drive into her, over and over, chasing not only my orgasm but the answers to our shitty situation. Her back is to me, her face hidden. I can’t watch her like this. I close my eyes. It’s reminiscent of so many other fucks with so many random women. This used to be my favorite position. It’s so wrong to be with her this way. But I’m too vulnerable right now. I can’t be with her in any other way without losing every semblance of control.

Except Alayna won’t let me simply use her. She knows what we need better than I do. At least, she does in this moment. Or maybe she’s just stronger than I am, more willing to be that vulnerable, that exposed.

She twists toward me, clutching onto my shirt. At her touch, my eyes pop open. She locks her gaze on mine, and that’s all it takes to bring me back. Back to her. I steady my drive, and her pussy clenches around me. Then I’m coming with her, crying her name like it’s an S.O.S. Hoping beyond hope that she can save me. Save us.

I collapse on top of her, holding her, breathing with her in unison. They’re short minutes that pass, every second of them precious. I don’t think I can ever let her go.

Eventually, I try. I step back, pulling out of her. But immediately, she’s in my arms, and my lips are pressed against hers. I hold her in place, our mouths sealed in an immobile kiss. This is it, I know. My decision is about to be made, and even though my stubborn walls won’t let it be made solid with words and declarations, it’s forming in the center of my mind, sitting on the edge of my tongue.

I can’t lose her.

When we break apart, Alayna wraps her hands around my neck, seemingly as desperate to hold onto me as I am to her. “Oh god, I miss you. I miss you so much.”

“Précieux…mon amour…ma chérie…” I run my hands down her face, memorizing the touch of her skin, the curve of her jaw. Will this be the last time?

It can’t be the last time.

“When are you coming home?”she asks, bringing us back to reality, back to the things we have to deal with.

I lean my forehead against hers. I’m exhausted. So tired of this game. “I have to go to L.A. for the weekend.” I check my watch. “I’m set to leave in about twenty minutes, in fact.”

“Part of your big business thing? With Norma?” There’s no hint of jealousy in her question. Just a need to know.

I slide my nose along hers. “Yes, with Norma. And after this, if all goes well, we’ll be done.” I want to invite her to come with me, but it’s too risky. If Celia were to follow us across the country…

No, I have to keep her here. Safe from ruining this deal that’s almost done. Then, after this, after I know I’ve gotten Celia off Alayna’s back. Then…

I can’t even say it in my mind. Because once I voice the decision, I know there’ll be no going back. This first, this deal. And then…that.

With strength I didn’t know I had, I push her away. I dress and face her, my fist on my hip. Already the distance is beginning to span between us, and I think of Mirabelle’s words. The lie that grows and separates and builds walls. I see it. It’s here now between us, forming before my eyes.

And I know I can’t let it grow any wider. I can’t wait any longer to begin. I can’t lose her, and I only have one shot at keeping her. The choice forms into words in my head. I’ll tell her. I have to tell her. Everything. All of it. Starting with this.

I reach for her, pulling her back to me with all that I am. “God, Alayna, I can’t do this anymore.” It’s a relief saying this. A burden unleashed. “I can’t bear to be apart from you. I miss you so terribly.”

“You do?” She leans back to look into my eyes.

The light. Her brilliant light overtakes me. And now that the decision’s been made, the confessions spill easily. “Of course, I do, precious. You’re my everything. I love you. I love you so much.”

Finally, I’m free.

I didn’t think it was possible, but her light, it grows brighter.

“W-w-what?” She’s unbelieving.

I’m ridiculously in love. “You heard me.”

“I want to hear it again.”

“I love you.” It’s easy now. Like I always knew it would be. It’s only the beginning of my confessions, and the rest will be so much harder. But I won’t think about that now. I’ll let this declaration have its own moment in the sun.

“You love me?”

I brush my lips over hers. “I love you, precious. I’ve always loved you. From the moment I first saw you. I knew before you did, I think.” I tilt her chin to meet my eyes. “But there are things—things in my past—that have kept me from being able to tell you. And now…I have to do this…this thing. Finish this deal. Then, when I get back, we’ll talk.”

“We’ll talk?” She’s glowing. God, how I wish I didn’t have to steal her happiness.

But I’m committed now. “I’ll tell you anything you want to know. And if you still want me, I’ll come home.”

“Yes, I want you home. Of course I do. We belong there together. There’s nothing you could say that would make me stop loving you. Nothing. I stick, remember?”

I cling to her words, holding them like a lifeline. “Oh, precious. I hope that’s true.”

“It is.”

But I know she can’t make that promise. I won’t hold her to it.

“Say it again.”

“You’re such a spoiled girl.” I circle my nose around hers. “And I love…spoiling you.”

She smacks me playfully.

“And I love you.” I’ll tell her as many times as she wants to hear it. As many times as she lets me say it. And though this may be the last time I hold her like this, the last time I get to bask in her sun, I know I’ll never stop saying the words that have rested so deeply in me for so long. “I love you, I love you. I love you.”





Chapter Twenty-Four





Before





Therapy, it turned out, was quite helpful. My life didn’t change in the course of a session or two or even five, but little by little I began to understand things about myself that I’d thought could never be understood. And though I still felt primarily numb, I also felt something else. A lightening of sorts. Like the weight on my shoulders had somehow been decreased. I was still skeptical about progress, but I was willing to give it a try.

I managed to avoid Celia for more than a month after I began my rehabilitation. I got pretty good at excuses—business, travel, family obligations. She called and showed up at the loft, and I dodged.

Eventually, I had to face her. Dr. Alberts required it. Or encouraged it, rather. He insisted that as long as I kept the option to “game” open, then I could never completely leave it. He was right, of course. Only problem was that I wasn’t entirely sure I wanted to completely leave the game. Actually, I was entirely sure that I didn’t want to.

It was at a session in my office that I finally admitted that. “It’s not that I miss playing. Well, not only that I miss playing.” Strangely, I didn’t miss it as much as I had imagined. There were other things, it turned out, that filled my time just as easily. I enjoyed the arts—the symphony, the ballet, the opera. So much so that I arranged a number of scholarship and charitable contributions that benefited these newfound interests. And work was a more than suitable substitute. The manipulative strategies I’d perfected proved useful in the boardroom. It even gave the same rush that I’d found from my experiments.

“Then what is it that keeps you from letting go?” Dr. Alberts’ approach was always kind and understanding. Never pushy or judgmental.

“I don’t know.” I did know. Saying it was difficult. “It’s just…who am I without the game?” It was a silly crisis of identity, really. Everyone knew who Hudson Pierce was. I could do an internet search and find several biographies that summed up my life more succinctly than I could ever hope to. I expected Dr. Alberts to give me his own list of my accomplishments and curriculum vitae.

He didn’t. Instead, he said, “That’s what we have to figure out, Hudson. Luckily, you’re young and healthy. You have plenty of time to figure it out.”

There was something about his words that attracted me. He’d phrased it like a challenge—on purpose, most likely—and that was all it took to catch my attention. I’d never backed away from a challenge. And what a fitting replacement self-discovery was for the experiments of my past. Rather than study the effects of certain situations on others, I could study the effects on myself.

“But,” there was always a but with Dr. Alberts, “you will never be able to fully explore the future you if you are still firmly anchored in the past.”

Everything kept me anchored in the past. My mother, who constantly brought up Celia’s pregnancy.My father, who I couldn’t look at without remembering his betrayal to his wife, to me. My sister, who always looked at me with innocent eyes, yet, as it turned out, knew more than anyone about who I truly was.

But that wasn’t what—who—Dr. Alberts was referring to.

“Celia.” It was hard to even say her name anymore. There was no one who anchored me more than her. And, since I was ready to set sail, I had to let her go. “I’ll take care of it.”

It was easier said than done. Though I could clearly define the steps in my mind of what needed to be done, what needed to be said, the truth was that I’d never broken up with anyone. And wasn’t that exactly what this would be? The ultimate breakup? I’d studied breakups with other couples, of course. I’d been the cause of quite a few. I knew what to expect from them—crying, yelling. Sometimes they were less emotional.

But what would it be like with Celia? Would there be a passionate display? If she still felt things as deeply as she once had, she hadn’t shown me for quite some time.

As for me, I’d thought I was immune to the whole feelings thing. Dr. Alberts corrected me there. “If you were truly incapable of affection, then how did your sister manage to convince you to see me? Was it not because of affection for her that you agreed?”

So I wasn’t completely devoid of emotion, though I still believed that the typical levels of love and devotion expressed by most people were not within my reach. And what I felt for Mirabelle…well, she was surely an exception. But there was something between me and Celia. Even if it was simply a shared affinity for the same pastime, it was a strong bond.

“You are connected to her, Hudson.” Without ever meeting her, Dr. Alberts had a fairly clear picture of our relationship just the same. “It may not be the form of love that you imagine when you think of the word, but there is emotional involvement. It will not be easy to cut her from your life. You need to be prepared for that.”

So I prepared as well as I could. I made arrangements to see her through her assistant, and I chose the location. Not the loft—I could never have her in the loft again; I knew that without Dr. Alberts pointing that out. Her apartment was better. I’d been there once or twice, but it was never a point of meeting for us. I set the appointment for seven on a weeknight. Usually when we met, our time was generalized. “I’ll be there after dinner.” Or, “I’ll stop by on my way to the gym.” These changes to our typical behavior would throw her off, give me the upper hand. Before we were even face-to-face, I’d already set the environment to work specifically in my favor.

It didn’t escape me that I was, yet again, manipulating the situation. Funny that I was supposed to be in recovery from that very thing. This time, however, I was pretty sure Dr. Alberts wouldn’t disapprove.

I arrived late. On purpose.

“Hey, stranger.” Celia’s greeting felt strained as she seemed to debate whether to hug me or not, evidence that my setup was going as planned. In the end, we didn’t embrace. She swept her arm in invitation. “Come on in.”

I stepped into her air-conditioned space and then stopped. Problem with dealing with Celia on new ground was that it was new to me as well. My eyes darted around her immaculate apartment. I hadn’t thought about it before, but her Gramercy Park location wasn’t cheap, and she lived in a building with all the amenities. Her interior design salary didn’t pull in enough to pay the premium price. She was obviously digging into her trust fund. Or getting help elsewhere. Briefly, I wondered if she was scamming people on the side.

Then I dismissed the thought. It wasn’t my business. Not anymore.

“Well, are we just going to stand here twiddling our thumbs or would you like to take a seat?” She smiled, but her hands fiddled nervously with the edge of her blouse.

“Sit, of course.” I started toward her living room.

“Can I get you a drink?”

“Sure.” I paused. “Actually, I’ll get it.” Her bar was off the dining room—this I remembered from previous visits. I grabbed a glass from her dish rack.

“I don’t have any Scotch,” Celia called from the other room. “Sorry.”

“No problem.” I opened the cabinet and studied her inventory. Bourbon and vodka sat front and center—my mother’s liquors of choice. Something about that thought reminded me that I needed my wits about me that night. I closed the cupboard, filled my glass with ice, and poured some bottled water. Then I joined Celia in the living room.

She was already sitting on her chaise, spread out to look casual, but her body language said she was anything but. I took a long swallow of my water before taking a seat across from her on the loveseat.

“So.” She wrung her hands as she spoke. “What’s up? I mean, I know something has to be up. You’ve been avoiding me for weeks, and all this tonight is just…weird. You’re trying to throw me off balance. It’s working. So what is it?”

I chuckled. Of course she’d see through me. Wouldn’t I have seen through her?

Though I hadn’t planned to dive right in, Celia’s point-blank questioning of my agenda gave me no choice. “I came to tell you…I need to tell you…” Just spit it out. “I’m not playing anymore.”

It was Celia’s turn to laugh. “Of course you aren’t. We haven’t seen each other in forever. How could you possibly be playing? I’m sure it’s driving you crazy. You’re such a junkie for this stuff. Don’t worry. I have several possible scenarios just waiting for you to choose one. We’ll get you back in.”

She’d relaxed, her usual demeanor returning as she ticked off situations on her fingers. “There’s a new neighbor on the seventh floor. He’s seeing two women, neither know about each other. He’s serious about both. We could introduce them. Or you could try to seduce one. Or both. Or I could jump in as a third woman.”

Her enthusiasm was contagious. The longer I let her babble on, the worse it was for me. I had to correct her misunderstanding. “Celia, I mean—”

She ignored me, speaking over me. “If that doesn’t sound appealing, then I have another. I met a pair of newlyweds at the MoMA show last week. I know, we’ve done the newlywed thing, but I thought it might be fun for old time’s sake.”

“I’m out, Celia. I’m not playing anymore.”

“Or wait!” Now it was apparent that she did understand me after all. She just didn’t want to. “Andrea Parish has a wedding shower coming up. It’s co-ed. I’m sure there’s something we could—”

“Celia, stop.”

She did, her face falling as she turned to meet my eyes.

“I’m done. I’m not playing the game. Ever.” My voice threatened to catch, but I managed to cover it. “It’s over.” I finished my water, wishing that I’d chosen the vodka instead.

Her eyes fell to the floor for the slightest moment. Then she recovered. “What happened? Is there a lawsuit? We always knew that was a possibility.”

I shook my head. “There’s no lawsuit. I’m just…I’m done.”

“That’s ridiculous.” She narrowed her brows skeptically. “Are you trying to pull my leg? I don’t fall for your shit anymore, you know.”

While I’d known delivering this news to Celia would be difficult, I’d thought the hardest part would be convincing her I was happy with my decision, not that I meant it in the first place. “I’m not pulling your leg, Celia. I’m not making this up. I’m done with the game. I’m no longer playing. I know this seems to be coming out of the blue, but I’m serious about this. No more experiments. No game. Done.”

She tilted her head and studied me. “You can’t be done. You said you’d never be done.”

“I’d said that; you’re right. But I was wrong. I’ve changed my mind.” It occurred to me to bring up Mirabelle, but then I realized that there wasn’t any way I could explain how my sister had influenced me. Even if I could come up with the words, Celia wouldn’t understand. I barely understood.

She came near to assuming on her own, though. “Is this because of your mother? Jack?”

“No. Not because of Sophia. Definitely not because of Jack.”

Celia stood and began pacing. “Where the hell is this coming from, then? If not your family, did you meet Jesus or something?”

I chuckled again. “No.” Though ethics were beginning to take more of an interest for me than they had before. The rights and wrongs of things I’d done. It was starting to matter. “This is me, Celia. All me.”

She swung to face me. “Bullshit. This isn’t you. The game is you.”

“Not anymore.”

“Always! You can’t even make it through a dinner without coming up with at least one play.”

I shot up from my seat. “And that’s exactly the problem. The game has become my whole life. To the point that I’ve begun to ruin the few things around me that aren’t the game. And still it isn’t enough. It’s never enough. I need something else. Something more fulfilling, less consuming. More honest.”

“Like what? Love? Because I swear to God if that’s what you mean…” She didn’t have to finish her thought. I got it. After I’d turned her off to that particular emotion, it would be the ultimate betrayal to leave her for that.

“Not love. Of course not love.” Yet, wasn’t that exactly what I was leaving for? Love for Mirabelle? It wasn’t romantic love, though, and that’s what Celia was referring to. “You know I’m incapable of that, Celia. Just…there has to be something else. If I knew what that something was, I’d tell you. But I don’t know. Yet.”

“Because there is nothing else.”

I’d believed that. Part of me still did. But I’d been listening to new voices recently—Dr. Alberts, Mirabelle—and they said differently. “How do we know that, Celia? Have we looked?”

She scoffed at me. “I don’t need to look.”

“Then how do you know?”

“Because you told me!”

“Only because you begged me to teach you!” This wasn’t the course I’d planned to take with Celia. Chasing the blame, passing the buck—it wouldn’t get us anywhere.

I ran a hand through my hair and blew out a stream of hot air. When I spoke again, I was calmer, more even. “Look, you chose this. I never did. I thought it was my only option, but I see now that it wasn’t. So I’m trying to choose something different.” My pride made me say more than I should. “I stood by you when you made this choice, and now it’s your turn to stand by me.”

She crossed her arms over her chest and leveled me with a look that could kill. “If we’re scoring points then we need to go back much further, Hudson. Your game against me that summer was what began this in the first place.”

I didn’t have ammunition against that. There was no denying that I’d been the one to put the current course of her life in motion. And while I’d had little guilt about the things I’d done to other people, I was beginning to. Therapy was working already. Or messing with my mind. I didn’t know. Whatever it was, there was specific remorse concerning Celia. Was it because I was connected to her as Dr. Alberts suggested? Did I love her? Maybe I did in some way. Maybe I always had.

I sat heavily on the arm of the sofa. “You’re right, Ceely. I did begin this. I wish I knew what to do now to end it.”

She shook her head, her short ponytail bobbing with the movement. The look on her face said she was readying for another attack. But when she spoke, her voice was weak and resigned. “I don’t want to end it. I’m not ready.”

I hadn’t seen her that vulnerable since that morning in the hospital. It was hard to see her like that. She’d become so much more. So strong. Unbreakable. I closed my eyes and held onto the image of Celia that I liked best—carefree and in charge. Would ending the game take that away from her? I had no idea where I’d be without it in my life, but what about her?

It occurred to me that I wasn’t there to save her. I was only there to save myself. If she needed to keep playing, then so be it.

I opened my eyes and met her glossy blues. “Then you don’t have to. You’re free to do whatever you want. I’m not about to try to stop you.”

A tear slipped down her cheek. She looked away as she wiped it with her palm. “I really wasn’t expecting this.”

“Honestly, neither was I.”

She circled behind me and grabbed a tissue from a decorative box on the occasional table. After dabbing at her eyes, she came and sat on the couch. “I was supposed to be the one who quit first.”

I slipped down from the arm to the cushion next to her. “Because you wanted to leave me behind?”

She gave a one-shoulder shrug. “Maybe a bit of that.”

At least we could be honest with each other. And I deserved that. Deserved any resentment that she might have tucked away. In fact, I owed her more. “I’m sorry for…things I’ve done. To you, I mean. I’m hoping that one day you can forgive me.”

She swung her neck to deliver me an incredulous look. “Is this like AA where you ask for forgiveness from those you’ve wronged? Are you in therapy?”

I thought about denying it, but, hell, we were being honest. “I am.”

“Oh.” She bit her lip, seeming to ruminate on this new information. “You’re not supposed to see me anymore, are you?”

“I’m…” I paused. Dr. Alberts had suggested a clean break. It made the most sense. Especially if Celia still planned to keep up her schemes. But I couldn’t bring myself to say it. It wasn’t just her splotchy face and pleading eyes that stopped me. I was changing, but not that fast. I was still self-centered. No, it was the burn in my chest. The ache that increased with every moment that I thought about the words I should be saying.

I changed my script. “Hey, I’m quitting the game. That doesn’t mean I have to quit you.”

Her brow ticked up. “Even if I decide to still play? Won’t I be a temptation?”

“Maybe I want the temptation.”

Her expression softened, her eyes lighting up with hope. “Do you really?”

Yes. No. I didn’t have the answer. “I don’t know. I don’t know what I want, Celia. This isn’t easy for me. I’m flying blind.”

“And that’s not like you.”

“No, it’s not.” Actually, it was the weakest I thought I had ever been in front of her. Except for maybe the night we’d watched my drunken mother fire the nanny. Even then, I didn’t think Celia grasped the extent of my vulnerability.

Now, there was nowhere to hide. She saw.

She shifted, angling her knees toward me, and patted me once on the thigh. “Here’s what I think, and go ahead and bitch at me if it’s not what you want to hear. I think this is a phase you’re going through. It’s something you have to try. I get that. But you’re going to realize that you can’t stay away. The game isn’t just what you do; it’s who you are. So go ahead and do this, this therapy thing. And when you’re ready, I’ll be here.”

Years ago, when I’d first accepted her request to teach her the game, I’d thought the same thing about her. That she was going through a phase. That she’d abandon me after she got bored.

She’d surprised me when she stuck with it, much as she surprised me now.

“You might be waiting a long time,” I said. “Full disclosure here.”

“We’ll see.”

I swallowed. “Then you’re going to keep playing?”

“I think I am. Is that all right?”

Not really. “I said it was. I’m not your keeper.” Selfishly, I wanted her to quit as well. How much easier would it be to have a companion on the road to recovery? Was that even possible, for two addicts to be helpful to each other?

She must have sensed that I wasn’t being entirely truthful. “What do you want me to do, Hudson?”

If I was really going through with this, really going to make an actual effort to be less manipulative and more sympathetic, then I had to start with Celia. “I want you to do what’s best for you. For once. Honestly.”

“Then I’m still playing.” She smiled. “And don’t be surprised if I try to tempt you back to my ways.”

“Hey, that wasn’t part of the deal.”

She batted her lashes, feigning innocence. “You said you wanted what was best for me.” Then she grew serious. “Best for me is to have you with me, Hudson. With me in the game, I mean. You’ve said I can’t have that. But I have to keep trying.”

So along with my own temptations, I’d have to battle Celia’s enticement as well? Goddamn consequences. “That’s fair, I suppose.”

“Is it?”

“Does it matter if it is or isn’t? You’ll go after what you want either way.”

“True.” She smirked. “And you just said you want me to have what I want.”

We were talking in circles, and it was exhausting. I’d thought for sure that seeing Celia would make me want to play again. Strangely, it hadn’t. Instead, I saw how desperate and futile the experiments were. Here we were after all of our games, and with all the data and experience we’d collected, all we had between us was the next play. It wasn’t sustainable. It wasn’t—to use my own words—real.

Our relationship had to change. I saw that now. I’d said I wouldn’t quit our friendship, but I didn’t say to what extent I’d remain in contact. It would have to be limited, I realized. Family and business gatherings. Places where we couldn’t talk and scheme. It wasn’t only me I was protecting. Maybe, if we didn’t see each other very often, maybe Celia would quit too.

Okay, I wasn’t trying to save her, but wouldn’t it be admirable if I did? Stripped of my superpowers, I was grasping for something—anything—to make me special rather than just an epic asshole.

Spending more time with Celia wasn’t going to help with that. “I have to go, Ceely.” I stood then turned to face her. “But, yes, I do want you to have what you want. I hope that someday you want something different than this.”

She followed me, getting to her feet. “How patronizing.”

I sighed. “I’m not trying to patronize. I’m trying to be honest.”

“If we’re being honest, can I ask something?”

“Sure.”

She tapped her French-tipped nail against her chin. “Would blackmail work? To keep you playing, I mean.”

A chill ran down my spine. I was stunned by her suggestion. Shocked. More than a little pissed. “Well, that really is honest, isn’t it?” I eyed her carefully, looking for a sign that she might be bluffing. She did know my secrets, but would she really threaten to use them against me?

I saw none of her usual tells. While I felt a smidgeon of pride—oh, I’d taught her well—I mostly felt challenged. And I didn’t like to be challenged, therapy or not. “I believe I have as much on you, Celia, as you could have on me.”

A satisfactory smile slid across her lips. “Then we’re agreed—our secrets are safe?”

“As long as it’s mutual, then my lips are sealed.”

“Then mine are too.”

I left her apartment with more clarity than when I’d arrived. As much as I shouldn’t engage with Celia Werner any further, I knew now that I could never cut her completely from my life. For one, I wasn’t certain if she was actually a friend or a foe. And there was that old adage about keeping friends close and enemies closer.

But there was another thing—without the game, losing Celia would leave me entirely alone. And loneliness was one emotion I most desperately didn’t want to learn.





Chapter Twenty-Five





After





Simply making the decision to tell Alayna the truth takes away a good portion of my fear. I no longer have to debate and war with myself. I no longer have to hide, and I’m anxious to be with her again. So when I wrap up my business in L.A. earlier than I expected, I decide to fly back and surprise the woman I love. Yes, it means my secret will be exposed sooner than if I hadn’t pulled my weight to get my meetings scheduled on a Sunday, aka “off hours,” but I’m ready.

What I’m not ready for is the greeting that meets me when I arrive at The Sky Launch later that evening. I’d known she’d be here for David’s going away party, and, eager to see her, I headed straight over after landing. It had taken a few minutes to find her. She wasn’t with the rest of the guests who were mostly mingling by the bar and on the dance floor.

Instead, she’s tucked away in a corner. But she is dancing. Slow dancing. In David’s arms.

I watch them, mesmerized, unable to look away like is often the case when met with something horrible. Neither of them notice me, and from my vantage, I can’t see Alayna’s face. But I can see David’s. His eyes are closed, but his expression is tender and forlorn. He seems to be whispering into her ear—singing perhaps. If I ever doubted that he had feelings for her, I don’t now.

It’s simply a dance, I tell myself. Then he’s going away. It’s likely her way of saying goodbye. If I were a different man, I’d give them privacy.

But I’m not a different man. I’m this one. And I’m thoroughly possessive. So I’m still watching when they stop moving and make eye contact. And I see when he leans forward and kisses her.

It’s a moment of revelation. The first moment I feel absolute pain. There’s a wave of panic, accompanied by this crushing weight against my chest. It takes away all ability to move. All ability to breathe.

She pushes him away, and I should be grateful. But I’m still caught in the before. It replays in my head as if on constant repeat—her in his arms, his mouth against hers. Against the mouth that is mine. He doesn’t love her like I do. He can’t. It’s impossible. His feelings are small and inconsequential compared to the immense affection for her that travels through my body with one beat of my heart. He would have never let her go if he felt how I do.

And now another new emotion—I want to hurt David. I want him dead. For daring to touch the woman that doesn’t belong to him. For attempting to steal what is so very clearly mine. My hands are fists at my side, and I’m imagining the ways I want to punish him, ways that can never equate to the pain I feel inside.

And her…

The betrayal is really hers, but I don’t want to hurt her. I want to pull her into me, into my very soul, so that she can see how I feel about her, see how this rips me up. Tie her to me so completely that she can’t ever be out of my control. This was why I sent David away in the first place. This is why I hold on to her as tightly as I do. This is why I doubt her when she says she means forever. If she can wound me like this now, then how easily will she leave me when it’s warranted?

It’s a fragment of my greatest fear realized—she loves me, but she doesn’t love me enough.

I’m barely aware of when they discover my presence. I hear her say my name. Hear her tell me that it’s not what it looks like.

It doesn’t matter what it looks like. I know exactly what it is—it’s the worst moment of my life so far. And I know it’s only the beginning.

“Maybe we should discuss this in a more private setting,” I manage. She agrees, and painful minutes later, we’re alone in the employee office.

“He kissed me, Hudson. I didn’t kiss him. And when he did, I pushed him away.” The regret of her action is in her face and her voice.

Yet the pain rages on. “Why were you in his arms in the first place?”

“We were dancing. It was a party.”

“You were in his arms, Alayna. In the arms of someone who has made no secret of his feelings for you. What did you think he’d do?” I don’t mean to be this angry. I am fully aware that this is minor in the scheme of ways that I’ve betrayed her.

But it doesn’t change how I feel. My inexperience with this emotion rules how I behave.

“It was innocent,” she insists. “I needed someone. He was here. And you weren’t.” Her expression changes, and her words grow bitter. “Where were you today, anyway? When I needed you?”

I was fucking saving her from Celia, that’s where I was. My own bitterness shows in my words. “What was it you needed, Alayna? Someone to keep you warm?”

She presses her lips together. “That hurts.”

“What I just witnessed hurts.” I sound cruel. It’s not the reunion I wanted. There’s so much we need to be talking about, and we’re stuck on this. Perhaps I’m grasping on to it so I don’t have to say the other words. The ones that will hurt her even more.

She’s equally unkind. “Yeah, I know how it feels.”

“Do you?”

“Yeah, I do. Let me see if I can explain it. It feels like your gut has been wrenched out of your body. At least that’s what it felt like when Celia told me that you’d been fucking her for most of the time we’ve been together.”

I’m caught off guard by her words. “What?” This is new, and all of a sudden, I’m worried that I’ve missed something. “When did she say that?”

She tells me.

“You saw her today?” Earlier, before I’d boarded my plane, I’d checked my voicemail and discovered a message from Celia. I’d deleted it. It was something about her lawyer and Alayna. Since I’d had no messages from Jordan or Reynold, I’d figured it was another attempt to rile me up over nothing. I ask Alayna about it now.

She explains that she’d snuck away for coffee. That she’d taken her computer. That she’d encountered Celia. David becomes a conversation for later. I’m instantly concerned about this—what Celia did. What Celia said.

I’m tense throughout her recounting of the event, but I try to maintain my temper. It’s especially hard when Alayna admits that she’s the one who approached Celia. After all I’ve done to keep them apart, this is hard to hear. It’s as if Alayna’s working purposefully against me, undermining my attempts to protect our relationship. Of course, she has no idea that she’s doing it.

“Then she said that you were together,” Alayna says finally. “That you were a couple. That you fucked her that night, and it wasn’t the first time, and it wasn’t the last.”

“And you believed her?” It’s a blatant lie, of course. While it’s not the most horrid thing that Celia could say, it’s another straw on the heap of anger I feel toward her.

Alayna straightens proudly. “It pissed me off enough that I punched her.”

“You punched her?”

Alayna stiffens. “You know what? Keep acting like this is an interrogation, and I’m out of here.” Apparently, shock wasn’t the right response.

Honestly, besides shock, I don’t know what I’m feeling at the moment. That’s not true. I do know. I’m mad. Mad at Celia. Mad that Alayna let Celia get to her. Mad that she got herself in a situation where Celia could have hurt her.

But my anger is out of worry. And I don’t want to be mad at Alayna.

I walk the room as I shove my hands through my hair, trying to calm down. When I’m as in control as I think I’ll get, I stop and face her. “I’m sorry if I sound a bit tense, Alayna. I assure you it’s only out of concern for you.”

Finally, I’ve said the right thing. Alayna cools, and I begin to understand the situation that I walked into. She’d done something she knew she shouldn’t. She was scared. She needed me. I wasn’t there. She turned to a friend for comfort. He kissed her. It doesn’t lessen the pain at seeing her wrapped in his arms, but now it’s me that’s to blame. I should have been here. I should have called her before leaving from L.A. I should never have gotten her in this position in the first place—pitted against a woman that is dangerous and unwavering.

I understand Alayna’s worries. Celia might try to press charges, but I have the deal with GlamPlay and Werner Media to hold over her head now. I almost tell Alayna about it. Except the paperwork still needs to be filed in the morning, and I have to be sure everything goes through. So I simply assure her that I will take care of everything.

“Thank you.” Her relief is evident. She believes me. She trusts me in this, and I’m comforted.

She, however, still needs reassuring. “Hudson.” Her voice trembles. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. Good for you, actually. She deserves worse.” I’m proud, really. I knew Alayna was stronger than Celia thought she was. It’s fantastic that she’s had the chance to prove it.

But Alayna frowns. “I mean, I’m sorry about David.”

“Oh.” I see them together again in my head—her face pressed against his shoulder. I have to know, so I ask. “Tell me one thing—do you still feel anything for him?”

“No. No, I don’t. Nothing. I’ve told you that before, and I meant it, though I’m sure it doesn’t seem like it seeing me tonight. But the whole time he was holding me, it felt wrong. All I could think about was you. I was missing you, H. Needing you. So much. And I didn’t think about what I was doing. I’m so, so, sor—”

I fly to her, unable to stand the distance between us any longer. I wrap my arms around her and clutch her tight. “I missed you too, precious. Needed you. I was trying to get back here—”

She cuts me off. “And I ruined your surprise. I’m so sorry.”

“I don’t care. It hurts, but I’ve hurt you. And as long as you swear that he means nothing—”

“Nothing. I swear with every fiber of my body, it’s only you.” She kisses along my jaw. God, she’s here. She’s mine. And for this moment, I let myself believe that this could be always—the always that I’ve promised her. The always that I want to live with her. Her as caught up with me as I am with her.

Then she asks, “How about you? Do you still feel anything for Celia?”

And the moment is ended.

I remember now that this reunion isn’t supposed to end like this. There’s more to say. More to explain. And this is where I have to begin.

I lean back to meet her eyes. “Alayna…I’ve never felt anything for Celia.”

“You mean, it was just sex?”

I shake my head. “I’ve never been with her at all.”

“She was lying.”

She’s not asking, but I confirm anyway. “She was lying.”

“That’s what I thought.” There’s no relief in her voice, and that makes me nervous. She pulls away from me, leaving me chilled. “But here’s the thing,” she says. “I sort of wish it were true.”

I know in my heart what she’s getting at. She’s figuring it out. She’s a smart woman, and the truth was always there, waiting for her to simply put it together.

I watch her as she does just that. “Not that you were sleeping with her while we were together—not that part. But the rest of it—that you were really with her when Stacy saw you. If that was the truth, I could accept it. Don’t get me wrong—the idea of you with her, fucking her—it torments me. It really does. But I think I always knew you were never with her. It’s in your eyes—both now and in that video.”

I swallow. “I wasn’t. I was never with her.”

“And that means that the thing with Stacy was a scam. Of course it was. I wanted to think it was just Celia in on it, and you were protecting her. But you said you weren’t, and you did go along enough to stage that kiss. You were part of it.”

If we could leave it here where she’s paused, I know we’d be fine. But we can’t. I promised her the truth. All of it. I’m just not sure if it’s better to let her proceed or to jump in with my confession.

Since I seem to have lost my ability to speak, it’s her that goes on. “I thought for a minute that might be your secret. Except it’s not it. I mean, yeah, that’s shitty that you did that to her, but I knew you had those things in your past. And you knew that I knew those things. If that were all there was to learn from that video, you would have told me. There had to be more you were hiding.”

It unfolds like a master detective solving the crime that has teased and taunted her, threatening to get the better of her, and then she finally gets the clue she needs to put it to rest.

Alayna raises her eyes to mine. “It’s because of what night it was, the night of the symposium, isn’t it? I considered that you didn’t want me to know that you were still manipulating people for fun that recently, but now I don’t think that’s all of it either.”

“Alayna…” It’s like watching a fragile object fall from a great height. A beautiful vase, perhaps. A crystal figurine. For a moment it feels like if I move fast enough, I can catch it before it shatters all over the floor. But I’m too far away. Time seems to slow, and every millisecond feels like an eternity.

She pieces together the secret that I’ve hidden from her, the truth of our beginning. And no matter how much I want to stop her, all I can do is watch her fall.

“It’s not the video itself. It’s what happened after.”

“Alayna,” I say again. It’s the only word I have. A prayer for strength. For me. For her.

“If Celia was there with you outside the symposium…then doesn’t it make sense that she went in with you? And if she went in with you, she was there when you first saw me. And if you were still playing people together…”

I can pinpoint the moment that she finally lets the truth sink in. Her face goes white, and her shoulders fall inward as if she’s been hit in the gut. Her anguish is palpable.

It’s unbearable. “I was going to tell you. I came back to tell you.” The words come now. The speeches I’ve prepared and rewritten in my mind over and over. Excuses that mean shit. “It’s my worst mistake, Alayna.” I step toward her. “The most horrible of all the things I’ve done. My biggest regret, although it’s what gave me you, and for that I’m forever grateful. But I never knew what I’d feel for you. I never knew that I could hurt you that much, and that I would care that I did. Please, Alayna, you have to understand.”

I’m desperate for her to hear me, but my voice seems to roll past her. She’s in her own nightmare, and I can’t get to her.

“That’s what I was, wasn’t I? A game. Your game. Together.” She collapses to the floor. “Oh God. Oh God, oh God.”

“Alayna—” I fall to my knees, reaching for her. I need her, need to fix her with my touch like I always do.

But she scrambles away. “Don’t touch me!”

Her scream pierces through me. I’ve never heard this depth of pain and revulsion in her tone. The weight of it matches my own pain, blurring my vision, causing my heart to race.

I refuse to stop fighting though. I have to reach her, somehow. If not with my touch, then my words will have to do. “It wasn’t what you think, Alayna. Yes, it started as a game. As Celia’s game. But I only went along because it was you. Because I was so enamored with you.”

She stares at me, blinking as if seeing me clearly for the first time. And isn’t she? Finally seeing the devil that I’ve been in disguise.

She bends over, dry heaving.

I understand. I’m just as disgusted with myself.

I’m desperate to help her, but afraid she’ll push me away again. “Alayna, let me—”

She puts her hand up to stop me from coming closer. “I don’t want your help.” She wipes her mouth with the back of her hand. “I want fucking answers.”

“Anything. I told you I’d tell you anything.” Maybe if she heard all of it…maybe then she’d understand.

But as she asks her questions, and as I answer, I can hear the story the way she does. It’s awful. It’s ugly. It’s absolutely evil.

I beg her to let me try to explain it in my own words. The words that I’ve saved for this occasion. But they’re just as bad. Each new sentence seems to shatter her in a new way. And each new crack that rips through her echoes through me with lightning pain. Even as I plead with her, I don’t know what I’m asking for. For understanding? For love? For forgiveness?

I know I’ve lost my rights to all of these. It comes as no surprise when she declares in weighted, measured words, “This is unforgiveable, Hudson. There is no moving forward from this.”

She’s said these words to me before, in every nightmarish imagining I’ve had about telling her the truth. It’s why I’d hid it for so long. Because these words seemed inevitable.

Yet I can’t accept it. It hurts too goddamned much to let this be the end. “Don’t say that. Don’t ever say that.”

“What is it exactly that you don’t want to hear, Hudson? That I can’t forgive you? I can’t.” She’s trying to hurt me now; I feel it. “I can’t forgive this. Ever.”

I also know she means it. Still, I reach for her. “Alayna, please!”

She kicks at me, screaming words that bruise and break me. She tells me we’re over. She tells me she can never trust me again. I have no hope—I’m already destroyed—but I keep fighting. Keep protesting. Keep promising my love. I’ll do anything to fix this. Anything to take this back.

But each time I reach for her with words or my hands, she pushes me away. Shoves me down. Do I really expect anything different? I’ve seen love deteriorate before. I’ve watched it unravel before my eyes. This is something I know. It’s the thing I’ve always been good at—destroying the fairytale of happily ever after.

Love doesn’t bear all. Love doesn’t endure. Love ends. It always, always ends.

For all that I’ve destroyed—in my past, with Celia, here today in Alayna—my curse is that my love alone goes on. My whole life I was empty. Now I’m full. Overflowing with love and anguish. Hers and mine. They are so completely entwined, so thoroughly mixed in each other that I don’t believe they’ll ever be separate. I love Alayna Withers. And each drop of that love is so laced with pain that it travels through my veins like acid, burning and scarring me from the inside out.

There’s nothing more I can say. There’s nothing more she’ll hear.

There’s a knock on the door, and David sticks his head inside. He ignores me and directs his focus to Alayna. “Are you okay, Laynie?”

She’s honest in her answer. “No. I’m not okay.”

It’s her cue for me to leave. But I try once more, unable to let go of her. “Alayna…”

With a simple shake of her head, she ends it. Ends us.

“I’ll leave.” I long for her to stop me. She doesn’t.

I turn to David. “I’m sorry to put a damper on your party. Thank you for looking out for her.” Though it pains me, I’m grateful that she has someone to care for her when I leave. She’s strong, I know. But I can’t bear for her to be alone. Like I’ll be.

I look at her one last time. I’m buried under an avalanche of regret. I can barely move, barely breathe under its weight.

Somehow, though, I manage to turn away. Because that’s what she wants. And after all that I’ve taken from her, this I can give her—I walk out the door and leave.





The only thing that keeps me alive for the next few days is my commitment to making sure Alayna is surviving. I spend Monday morning getting the battery charges against Alayna dropped and finalizing details over GlamPlay with Norma. I’ve kept Jordan on duty, watching Alayna from afar in case Celia decides to try anything, and I check in with him often. I order a Kindle and start loading Alayna’s favorite books on it, so she’ll have something to do besides obsess and be sad. Those are my tasks this time. I’ll obsess about her instead of the other way around. I’ll be sad enough for both of us.

I call Liesl. I’m grateful to find that Alayna’s with her and not with David. I don’t give excuses. I don’t beg for another chance. I tell Liesl truths—that the police aren’t looking for Alayna, that her job is secure, that she can stay at the penthouse, that I’m here when she wants to talk. That I love her.

Liesl seems to care enough about Alayna to let me talk, though she scoffs at my proclamation of love. “She doesn’t want to hear that,” she says.

“It doesn’t make it any less true.”

I eat, but only because I need energy to keep fighting for Alayna. I don’t bury myself in Scotch, tempting as it may be. I’ll be no good for her like that. I don’t sleep. I ache. I feel. I try not to drown in my emotions.

When the pain gets too unbearable, I remind myself that hers is worse. I try to embrace the misery. It’s justice for what I’ve done. Consequences.

And I text her. I’m sure she’s not reading my messages, but it feels good to say the things that I want to say. I send so many that it seems our roles have reversed—I’ve become the stalker. I’m the one who can’t help myself. I tell her anything and everything.

I miss you, I say.

I heard that Phillip Phillips song on the radio today. You make it so easy…

Jack asked about you. You should call him sometime. I’m sure he’d love to hear from you.

And so many times just, I love you.

God, I really fucking love her.





Tuesday, I call Dr. Alberts for an appointment. He says he’ll see me that day with the same conditions as previously given—I have to meet him at his office instead of mine. I agree.

It’s easier to talk to him now than it was before. Alayna opened gates in me that can never be closed again. I tell him everything. “She taught me how to feel,” I say, my eyes fixed on the smooth surface of his tray ceiling. “She taught me how to have emotions.”

Dr. Alberts doesn’t see it the way I do. “She didn’t teach you. You always knew how. You worked hard all this time trying to forget that. But you were never incapable. You created blocks when you were young to deal with the heartache that surrounded your family life. You didn’t feel because it was easier not to. It was a coping mechanism.”

I work my jaw as I consider this. There are memories that creep up on me sometimes, very specific ones from my youth, where my feelings are so bright they show through in my mind like a color. Reds and purples and greens. They’re few and far between, but they’re there. Were those remnants of the days before I learned to cope?

And if so, why didn’t Dr. Alberts say this to me before? I ask him.

“You weren’t ready to hear it. The question is, why do you think that you decided to let yourself now? You saw this woman from afar, and immediately, you were ready to take the first steps. Why?”

I’m certain Dr. Alberts isn’t the type to accept love at first sight as an answer. Honestly, I’m not either. I take a second to figure out what the answer really is. “She was familiar,” I say, finally. “I recognized that she’d struggled. And yet she’d come out okay. It was beautiful about her, and I wanted to get to know it more. I wanted that for myself.”

“And you realized to get that, you had to start to feel again.”

“I guess so.” It’s oversimplified. But isn’t everything?

It occurs to me that I have other questions that are in need of simple answers. Questions that my therapist may be able to put to rest. I sit up, and meet him face-to-face. “I’d been okay without playing people anymore. Why did I decide that I had to play the game to get close to Alayna?”

He steeples his fingers and rests his chin against them. “Why do you think?”

“Because I didn’t know any other way to relate to people.” It’s the reason I’ve clung to, anyway.

“I imagine there’s truth to that.” He thinks for a moment. “And you liked to do it, Hudson. Maybe you don’t anymore—it sounds like you’ve overcome that addiction—but you did. The rush it gave you was a substitute for the real emotions that you’d buried inside. You manipulated Alayna because a part of you wanted to.”

It’s hard to hear, and I start to object. But then I stop myself. Because he’s right. There was a part of me that wanted exactly that. Wanted to feel the racing of my heart as I attempted to guess how she’d behave. Wanted the reward of predicting her. I’d felt a rush the moment I’d seen her, and the game was the way I knew to recapture it. That thrill had quickly been replaced with the thrill of falling in love.

But that first yes—when I’d told Celia I’d play—that was wrong. I had no excuse. I was to blame.

Dr. Alberts recognizes my thought process. “Acceptance is the first step to moving on, Hudson. It’s why you could never fully recover before—because you never really accepted the blame for your actions. This is great progress. Talking about it, sharing what you’ve done with those close to you will help as well. I recommend you work on that next.”

Since he has no patients scheduled after me, Dr. Alberts lets me stay for two hours. Since we’re in his office and not mine, no one interrupts. I forget about work. I concentrate on me. With his help, I work through many life-long questions I’ve had about myself. It’s eye-opening. Liberating.

The one thing he can’t answer, though, is the one thing I want to know most: Is there any chance Alayna can ever forgive me?





Chapter Twenty-Six





On Wednesday, Mirabelle stops by my office. I’ve cancelled most of my non-urgent appointments, so I’m available to see her. I ask Patricia to send her back.

My sister’s face is serious. I know it’s not her health—she would have called if there were any new threats to her or the baby. I have to assume she’s here about Alayna.

“I’m guessing you’ve talked to her,” I say as she settles into the armchair in my seating area.

Her brow furrows. “Talked to who? Mom?”

“No, I meant Alayna.” I grab a bottle of water from my mini-fridge and hand it to her before taking a seat on the couch. “Aren’t you here about her?”

“I am now.” Her eyes narrow mischievously. “What’s going on?”

I’ll have to tell her eventually. But I don’t know if I can talk about it. Not yet. I scrub my hand over my face. “Forget I said anything.”

“Uh, that’s not happening.” She leans forward and places her hand on my knee. “Hudson?” I shake my head, but, as always, she reads me. “Oh, God. What happened? Tell me.”

“She…” I take a deep breath in and blow it out before I can go on. “She left me, Mirabelle.”

“No way.” She studies me. “You’re serious.”

How I wish I wasn’t. “I told her everything she wanted to know, and she left me.” It’s no easier saying it this time than it was a moment ago. My voice catches on the words. Not only am I now able to feel, but it also appears that I’m unable to keep my feelings hidden.

“I’m sure you’re overreacting. People fight. You’ll get past this.”

I don’t want to argue with her. I’d rather let her hope for the best. I’m still hoping, after all. So I simply say, “Anything’s possible, I suppose.”

“But you don’t really believe that.” She tilts her head and stares at me with sympathetic eyes. “Oh, Hudson, what happened? Maybe I can help.”

I know she can’t help, and that’s why I don’t intend to tell her. But then I remember what Dr. Alberts said about opening up to those close to me. To see progression in my therapy, I have to work for it. And I want to see progression. I don’t know if there’s any chance at all that Alayna and I can be together again, but if there is, I know that I need to be the best man possible. The best me possible.

So, for the second time in two days, I tell the story. It’s harder to share with Mirabelle. She doesn’t hide the disappointment in her features. She frequently brushes tears from her eyes, but she listens without interrupting.

When I’m finished, she lets out a breathy sigh. Then she says, “Fuck you, Hudson.”

I’m surprised—not because I don’t deserve the cursing, but because I didn’t expect it. Not from her.

“I love you. I really do.” Her voice is heavy with emotion. “And I’m always going to be here for you, but you really fucked up this time. And if you don’t recognize that, then there’s no hope for you.”

I bow my head. I can’t look at her anymore. Her disapproval hurts almost as much as Alayna’s. “I recognize it. Fully.”

She won’t look at me. “That’s something at least.”

“It’s the worst thing I’ve ever done.”

“I don’t doubt it.” There’s a bite to her words. They’re pointed and sharp. They leave marks on me.

I always thought of myself as well-armored. Nothing could get in. And now when I really look, I see the scars. Feel their jagged edges across every inch of my body. Can everyone see them? Can Mirabelle?

I’m broken and mangled, but it’s suddenly important to me that she knows I’m trying to stand again. “Losing her, Mirabelle, it’s…it’s hitting bottom. I’m seeing Dr. Alberts again. I tried to change when you sent me before, but now—now I want it.”

Finally, she looks at me. There’s an edge of kindness in her gaze and a pinch of pity. “I’m glad to hear that, Hudson. I really am. I only want the best for you. And I sincerely believe you can be a different man if you want to be.”

“I do.” I want it retrospectively. Why couldn’t I have been a different man before I met Alayna? If I’d tried harder to change before, then could I have been ready to meet her as my best self?

It’s hopeless to dwell on what-ifs. Yet they sneak in anyway. I let my head fall back and close my eyes.

Mirabelle moves to sit next to me. Without saying a word, she runs her fingers through my hair. It’s soothing. Hypnotic.

I swallow past the tight ball in my throat. “I fucked up, but I genuinely love her.”

“I know.” Her voice is gentle now. “She’s not the only reason you want to change, is she?”

“Possibly.” It’s not the right answer, but it’s the truth.

Mirabelle’s hand only pauses for a half-second before resuming her calming strokes across my scalp. “Because I don’t know that you can win her back. This is…it’s bad, Hudson. There may be no moving on from this.”

I force a laugh. “The queen of love-conquers-all has doubts? Man, I’m really fucked.”

“I’m just being honest.” She leans her head against my shoulder. “And I want you better with or without her.”

I can’t imagine a without her. Even while we’re apart, she’s still so present in my life. I know what Mirabelle means, but I simply can’t let myself think like that. “It won’t be a problem. I won’t ever stop loving Alayna. I need to be ready in case she ever changes her mind.” When she changes her mind.

“Hudson. I’m so mad at you.” Mirabelle sits up and punches her fist into my chest. It’s a heavy enough hit, though I barely feel it through the pain that already encompasses me. I wish she’d hit me again, actually. Wish she’d beat me to a pulp.

She doesn’t. Instead, she lays her palm flat against me and lays her head back on my shoulder. “And I’m so heartbroken. For both of you. I love that girl too, you know.”

“I know.” I’m not usually the type to cuddle up with my little sister, but I don’t know who I am “usually” anymore. So I wrap my arm around her tiny frame and pull her in closer. We sit like this, both of us mourning our loss.

Then she bolts up. “Ah, shit! My opening! Laynie’s supposed to be a model. She’ll probably back out now.”

“If I’m there, yes, I’d bet she does cancel.” I’d thought about this. There’s nothing I haven’t thought about regarding Alayna. But my next words are not premeditated. “I won’t come.”

Mirabelle looks at me, seeming to gauge my seriousness. When she realizes that I’m completely genuine, she says, “I know I should try to argue, but honestly? I don’t want to. Don’t hate me.”

“I understand. She’s your model. You need her. I know she wants to be there for you. So please, let me back out.” I also hope it’s something that will get Alayna out of her shell. Something that will remind her how to keep living. It’s not about Celia winning or losing anymore—Alayna has to survive because I will not be the person who destroyed her.

“Okay. I’ll let you back out. You’re banned from the premises on Saturday.” The gleam in her eyes says she understands the entirety of my motivation. “I mean it though. You can’t change your mind and show up.”

“I won’t. Scout’s honor.” Like I was ever a scout. Like I ever had honor.

I reach up to erase the smudge her earlier tears have left under her eye. I’m suddenly moved by this beautiful creature. Besides Alayna, she’s the one person who has been able to see something more in me than what I put on display. And I’m pretty sure I’ve never told her as much.

So I tell her now. “I could never hate you, Mirabelle. I love you. I want you to be happy. I want you to be proud to be my sister. As proud as I am to be your brother. You’ve often been the only support I’ve had. The only one who’s believed in me. I hate that you’re looking at me now with disappointment.”

Her eyes well, but she smiles. “I’m disappointed, Hudson. I am. But it doesn’t mean I’m not proud to be your sister. I love you, too. Don’t give up on her. More importantly, don’t give up on yourself. I never will.”

She hugs me, and I let her.

For a few minutes, anyway. I’m the one who pushes out of her embrace. It feels too good, and feeling good is not on my agenda. My mind wanders back to the person it never really leaves. “Alayna might still back out of the opening, you know. Even without me there.”

“I know.” Her tone says she’s not concerned. If anyone can convince Alayna otherwise, it’s Mirabelle. “I’m going to think optimistically. And I’m going to be optimistic about the two of you too. I don’t think I’ll let her know that I know what happened. She could be really embarrassed about this. Maybe she’ll feel more comfortable if she isn’t worried about what I think about it all.”

“That’s insightful.” I hadn’t even considered she might be humiliated. But of course she is. She’d been duped by an asshole. “I’ll support however you want to play it.”

I cringe at my choice of words. “I’ll support whatever you say, I mean.”

She catches my correction. With a sad smile, she reaches up to tousle my hair. “You’re a good guy, Hudson. You did a really shitty thing, but you’re still a really good guy.” A tear slips down her cheek. She wipes at it with zest. “God, I have to get out of here. I’m too hormonal for this crap.”

“You’re fine.” I stand though and help her up beside me. Then I remember, “But was there another reason you came by?”

“Oh yeah. There was. There is. I’m telling you—hormone-brain is crazy.” She shifts her weight onto one leg and bites at her lip. “Anyway, I hate to bring this up after all that you’re going through, but there’s something important, and I need your help.”

I hate that she’s nervous about asking. Doesn’t she know I’d do almost anything for her? “Of course. What is it?”

“It’s Mom. She’s in trouble.”

Now I understand her hesitancy. “She’s been in trouble for a long time.” Longer than any of us.

Mirabelle nods. “And we haven’t been there for her. It’s time that we are.”

“Are you staging another intervention?” The look on her face answers the question for me. “Ah, you are.”

“You think it’s stupid?”

I’m surprised we’ve never discussed this before. All these years we’ve just let Sophia live as though her drinking wasn’t a big deal. As though it was normal. Because we’d never known her any other way, it actually was normal. It was the normal we knew, anyway.

But we’d grown up. Somewhere along the way, we realized that her behavior wasn’t healthy or sane. And still we’d done nothing.

Mirabelle’s right when she says it’s time we did something. “It’s not at all stupid,” I say. “It’s beautiful.”

Hope shines in her eyes. “Really, you think so?”

“I do.

“Thank you. That’s really a relief.” It shows. Her shoulders relax, and she stops nipping at her bottom lip.

Once again, Mirabelle moves me. I draw her into a hug. “I don’t know how you ended up surrounded by such broken and battered souls. We don’t deserve you. But I honestly believe none of us would have made it as far as we have if it hadn’t been for you holding us together. You’re our glue. You’re my glue.”

Jesus, when did I develop such diarrhea of the mouth?

Mirabelle nudges me with her elbow. “That was awfully poetic, Hudson. I’d say I didn’t know you had it in you, but that would be a lie. There’s hope for you yet.”

I’m not sure that’s true. But wouldn’t it be wonderful if it were?





That night, the weight of it all hits me. I’m in the loft, sitting on the couch in the dark, when pain rips through my chest like a bulldozer running me down. There isn’t a part of me that doesn’t ache—my hands, my feet. My head throbs. Blood rushes in my ears. My heart pounds as if it’s going to burst from my chest. It bends me over, stealing my breath. I gasp for air in huge gulps that are half-sobs.

It’s a death. The ending of what was, and the painful rebirth that follows. I wrap my arms around myself, my fingernails digging into my ribcage, clutching on as if I can hold to where I was. I will the world to stop spinning around me. I break out in a sweat. I cry the only name that gives me comfort. Her name. Over and over.

I don’t want to go through this. I don’t want to be without her. I don’t want to miss her like I do, longing for her taste, her touch, her sounds. I don’t want to be reborn in this new world, a world that means nothing in her absence.

I don’t want to be in this life without her.





The next morning, I’m met with a text on my phone. I hold my breath, hoping it’s from Alayna. It’s not, but the message motivates me to get out of bed anyway. It’s from Norma. All the papers are in place. I’ll have them waiting on your desk when you get in.

Finally, I have what I need to get rid of Celia once and for all.

Seven hours later, I’m sitting on the armchair in the loft, swirling the ice in my empty glass of Scotch while Celia looks over the contracts for the business I’ve worked so hard to acquire. I’ve dragged this moment out, letting her argue and goad before presenting her with the facts. It’s the last game I ever plan on playing, and I want to enjoy it.

Except there isn’t any enjoyment in it. There’s no rush. There’s no thrill. Perhaps I’m too numb with sadness about Alayna, but I know that’s not it. I’ve lost the taste for the play. That’s all.

So as Celia reads, I silently say goodbye. Even through the ache, I feel a breath of peace.

I watch her as she flips through the pages. She takes her time. I’m sure some of the language is difficult for her to sift through, but I can tell when she understands. Her face goes white, and her breathing slows.

Finally, she asks, “How did you…?”

“Very sneakily.” I force myself to relish this moment. I did this for Alayna, and I wish she could witness it. I’m proud that I could do this for her, though she would never have needed this sort of protection if it weren’t for me in the first place. “I’ll admit, it wasn’t easy. I had to convince another company to purchase a portion of the stock, and then I bought out that company—you don’t really want the details, do you?”

She scowls. Every trace of humor has left her eyes.

“The contracts are signed now. That’s all that matters. I’m officially the majority owner of Werner Media Corporation.”

Celia’s lips tighten as she closes the file that contains the contracts. “And you said you’d quit playing the game.”

“I had one final move to make.” I wonder briefly if she really thinks that’s what all of this is for me—another game. She’d loved once upon a time. Doesn’t she remember?

A familiar stab of guilt strikes me, low and hard in the gut.

And then it’s gone.

It’s been so easy to blame myself for her choices. But sooner or later, we have to take responsibility for ourselves—just as Dr. Alberts said. I may have taught her this life, but she’s the one who chose to embrace it. Now, as I try to show her another way to live, she refuses to see it.

I’m not responsible for her. It’s the final snipping of the cord that bound us together. The last strand between us clipped, and now we’re both completely free.

Celia sees it too. She lets me go with a long, slow hiss of air. “It’s checkmate, is it then?”

“You tell me.” It’s almost admirable how she plays to the very end. Once upon a time, I would have been impressed. Now, I’m weary.

“What are your plans for Werner Media?”

This is a fair question. “At the moment, I have no plans. The company’s doing well as it is. Warren Werner is definitely the right man to be in charge. However, if there were any reason that I felt his presence was no longer needed…” I trail off, letting her fill in the blanks.

“He’d be devastated.” Her brows are pinched, and her usual stone-cold expression has been replaced with despondency.

I feel a flicker of relief. I’d gambled here. My entire plan only worked if Celia still had the capability to care for someone other than herself—namely, her father. It’s further proof that she’s only living like she’s heartless because she chooses to.

Though I don’t rule out that her concern may be monetary—I’ve been convinced for ages that Celia lives off her daddy’s wealth. And while he’d still have it even if I stole his title, it’s less likely he’d feel as generous. It’s wellknown that a happy Warren is a sharing Warren.

“I imagine he’d be devastated just to learn he no longer holds controlling interest. For now, the fact is still hidden. He has no idea that he’s no longer in charge. Would you like that to change?”

“No,” she says.

“Do you plan on doing anything that might cause me to alter my current business plan?”

Her shoulders sag. “No.”

“Then yes, it’s checkmate.”

We sit silently for several minutes. It’s been a long battle. And this is the official end of our friendship. It deserves some mourning. Memories flip through my mind like a bunch of stills in a photo slideshow. Some are from so long ago, I can’t date them accurately. Others so imprinted in my soul I’ll never forget the details. Her winning backhand stroke in a game of tennis that had been so close. The bottle of champagne we opened at the end of our first successful play. Her hand on my back, and her soft, sincere confession—I love you.

This is all the time I’ll spend grieving for what we once were. It’s brief, but I let myself feel it.

Eventually, she stands. “I guess it’s time for me to go.”

“It is. I’ll walk you out.”

I check my watch as we cross the floor together. I need to leave for my parents’ in half an hour or so. Today is Mirabelle’s planned intervention. A day of hard words, I think. And hard emotions. It’s as if I can make up for a lifetime of non-feeling in just a few days’ time. It’s something I hope to never have to do again.

I open the door for Celia and hold it wide for her to cross past me. She doesn’t look at me as she does. Or I don’t look at her. I’m not sure which. I start to shut it behind her when my gaze hits something unexpected—a duffel bag on the floor. It’s Alayna’s. I’m sure of it.

Or is that wishful thinking?

No, it’s hers. I packed it for her on our trip to the Poconos. But what is it doing here?

A sudden burst of anticipation shoots through me, and I scan the room, hoping against all hopes that I’ll see what I so want to see.

I do.

My eyes lock on hers. She’s kneeling on the floor at the threshold to the bedroom. Her posture suggests that she’s not here to stay, that she didn’t want me to know she was even here at all—the duffel is misleading. Still, I’m elated. I’ve missed seeing her face, missed connecting with her even on such a base level.

I’m desperate to stay and talk to her. Eager to find out why she’s here. And, I realize suddenly, she’s seen the ending of me and Celia. I couldn’t have wished for her to witness anything else that might better prove my love for her.

But though I’m desperate and eager and so yearning to stay, I know that if I do, I’ll never get out of here in time for my mother. It’s an obligation I can’t ignore. Something I need to do before I can say my demons are slayed, and I’m able to be the man that Alayna might be able to call hers again.

I’m not the only one who’s not ready—she’s not ready either. I feel it deep in my soul. She needs more time to process, and rushing it will do me no good for the long-term.

So I have to hold on to this moment to get me through. Hold on to the love that still shines so clearly in her eyes and hope that it can eventually be enough.

“Hold the elevator,” I call after Celia without looking away from my precious Alayna. It’s always so hard to leave her. But right now, I’m feeling strong, and I shut the door behind me.

Celia’s waiting in the elevator holding the door open button. I step inside, and the door closes. We travel silently for several seconds before she says, “Well, this is awkward.”

Honestly, I’ve forgotten she is even there. I’m still back in the loft, my heart and my mind fixed on Alayna. I pull myself from there to the present. “Is it really? I haven’t ever lost this big. I wouldn’t know.” I blame my condescension on the rush from discovering our eavesdropper. But I may have been just as cocky had Alayna gone unseen.

Celia does not seem to appreciate it. “You’re an asshole.”

“It’s a fraction of what you deserve.” The smallest fraction, though, and I try not to dwell on the list of myriad worse things I could do to her. It’s satisfying to contemplate but more focused on the negative than I’d like to be.

Celia crosses her arms over her chest and eyes me. “You know, my father is going to retire someday. What will you have over me then?”

I roll my eyes. “Please. Your father’s going to work until he dies. I give him another twenty years, at least. If you’re still holding on to a revenge plot at that time…well, I don’t think you could call anything you do a win then. You aren’t that pathetic.”

A sideways glance at her says that maybe she is that pathetic. The idea of her still perpetuating this scheme against us years from now enrages me. I level my gaze at her and steel my voice. “But if you need further reason to drop this game, let me give one to you. I tied your hands legally. I’d prefer not to use other methods to stop you, but hear this—I’d kill for Alayna if it came down to it. Please don’t test me on that.”

She shrugs dismissively. “It was only a question. I didn’t mean anything by it. The game is over, and I’m bored with you both.” She purses her lips. “I certainly hypothesized incorrectly on this one, didn’t I? I’d never have pegged you for a hero.”

It’s a backhanded compliment, and it makes me smile inwardly. She’s not alone. I certainly never would have bet on me to fall in love.

But wait—why was she pegging me at all? “Who exactly was your subject on this experiment, Celia?”

The doors open, and she exits without answering. Stunned by my realization, I’m a few steps behind her. I’m not about to run her down, but I call after her again. “Celia?”

Surprisingly, she turns back. “What?”

I close the distance between us, my heart that had skipped a beat a moment before now racing. “You were never really playing Alayna, were you? It was me. You were playing me.”

The spark in her eyes say I’ve hit the nail on the head.

The pieces fit together suddenly: the reason why she was so reluctant to let this one go—Alayna was only the pawn. All along, Celia had been studying my emotions, my behavior. It was me that was the subject of her scheme.

It’s ridiculous that I haven’t seen this before, that I never expected it. Didn’t she owe this to me all along? I deserved her retaliation. Sleeping with my father was punishment, but it never equated to the kind of manipulation I’d put her through. This though—this does. Questions race through my mind. How many years has she planned this? Did she want me to fall in love? Or was her goal to prove I actually couldn’t? Did she want me to hurt, or just know how it felt to be deceived? Would she have played me if I hadn’t quit? Was this always her goal? Was our entire friendship really just a long game?

I’m blown away.

And impressed. And angry. Really angry.

And, also, the tiniest bit grateful. Celia is to credit for my relationship with Alayna, after all. I’m smart enough to know I would never have gone after the woman who enamored me if my old friend hadn’t pushed me to it.

It doesn’t redeem her. But it eases an ache of sorts. She’d always said I’d saved her by introducing her to my world—was that true or part of her scheme? Whether it was or not, now she’s saved me. She’s given me this life with Alayna.

Perhaps nobody won this game after all. Maybe we’re simply, finally, even.

She spins on her heels, leaving me reeling from my revelation. Of course, she delivers parting words, thrown flippantly over her shoulder. “Take care, Hudson. If you ever decide to rejoin the game, you know where to find me.”





My mind spins all the way to my parents’ place. After turning over my keys to the valet, I stand in the lobby and attempt to gather myself before going upstairs. It’s difficult to set aside the events of the afternoon, but I focus on Mirabelle and all I owe her. Then I step in the elevator and head up.

I’m the last one to arrive for this intervention, even though I’ve gotten here early. The whole family is present, as well as Adam. Madge Werner is here too. She must not blame my mother for Celia’s night with my father ten years ago, though she does carefully avoid any eye contact with Jack. She doesn’t seem to be too happy with me either. I suppose my participation in the lie is enough to make her dislike me. She’s uncomfortable, yet she’s still here in support of Sophia. It’s admirable.

It goes as well as any of these types of things can. There’s lots of crying, mostly from my mother, who sits on the sofa clutching Madge with silent tears streaming down her otherwise stone face. Everyone speaks. Chandler says he wants a mother he can bring a girlfriend home to. Adam talks a lot about the kind of environment he wants to raise his baby in. Madge reminisces about an earlier time in their friendship when neither of them touched alcohol.

Mirabelle gives the heaviest ultimatum. “Be sober or don’t be in my life.”

It’s after this that Sophia agrees to go to rehab. She’ll do anything for that grandchild.

But even with her acquiescence, there are two of us left to talk, and we will not be skipped. Jack goes first. “I know the man you married disappeared a long time ago with the woman you once were. If I’m asking you to be her again, then it’s only fair that I find him again as well. You’ve always been the love of my life, Sophia, even though the life I created for you—for us—was a shitty one. But, hell, we’re still young. There’s no reason we can’t start a better life together now.”

My mother doesn’t say a word, but she pats the cushion on the other side of her after Jack’s speech. He moves to her immediately and wraps her in his arms. It’s now that she crumbles, her face buried in his chest. Mirabelle and I exchange a stunned glance. We’ve never seen such affection between our parents. It’s quite moving.

I go last. Careful not to include Celia’s involvement—Madge is here, and this isn’t the place to unearth more secrets that aren’t mine—I share the nature of my relationship with Alayna. How I became involved with her. How I fell in love and betrayed her. It’s shocking and disappointing, and I can feel the anguish in the room grow heavier, and for a short second, I wonder how shocked and disappointed they would all feel to know that Celia had done the same to me.

God, I still can’t believe it.

But I can’t go there because then I have to reveal the whole story behind Celia and me, which is neither here nor there at the moment.

So I stick to Alayna.

It’s a short confession. This isn’t my intervention, after all, but my tale is relevant.

She doesn’t look at me, but I end directly addressing Sophia. “I no longer know what came first, Mother—your drinking or my emotional withdrawal. It’s like trying to answer the age-old question of the chicken or the egg. While blame is not important, I do know that our behaviors are directly correlated. That I’ve contributed to your addiction. That you’ve contributed to mine. With that in mind, I think that if I get well and you get well too, then both of us will have a better shot.”

My mother shifts, raising her eyes to mine.

I feel my throat tighten, but I talk through it. “We’ve both been hiding our flaws behind these crutches. It’s time we face them. I’m back in therapy. I don’t want to be that person anymore, and I vow that I’m going to change. For myself. For Alayna. For you. Will you change too? For all of us? For me? For you?”

It’s a simple nod that she gives, but it’s everything. We’ll never be able to repair our past. I know this. We will always be strained and awkward and, perhaps, even cruel toward one another. But we will forever have this one moment where I asked her for her love, and she gave it. It’s enough to last a lifetime.





Chapter Twenty-Seven





It’s the day after my mother’s intervention, and already that seems like a lifetime ago. I’m sitting in the dressing room of Mirabelle’s Boutique, wallowing. I hadn’t planned to come to the reopening—I’d promised I wouldn’t, in fact.

But I was convinced otherwise. By Jack, of all people.

We’d just gotten to the addiction center to drop off my mother when my father handed me the keys. “I’ve called for a ride for me and Chandler. Take the car, go to Mira’s and fight.”

So I did.

And then I lost.

I put everything on the line, and Alayna still turned me away. I’m not giving up, but I haven’t quite gotten the strength to figure out my next move yet. Maybe I’m waiting for direction. Which is why I’m still here when my sister bangs on the door, nearly an hour after Alayna’s left. Frankly, I’m surprised she hasn’t shown up earlier. I suppose her grand reopening celebration kept her occupied. I knew she’d find me eventually.

Mirabelle enters without invitation, peering first around the door—looking for Alayna, I assume—before shutting it behind her.

I rise from the bench I was sitting on and scratch the back of my neck. “She left. I’m sorry.” I’m pretty sure Alayna was done with her part of the show, though, so I don’t really feel that bad.

Mirabelle walks up to me, places her small hands on my chest and shoves. “What the hell, Hudson? You weren’t supposed to be here.” She shoves me again for good measure.

I wrap my hands around her wrists. “And you’re supposed to be watching your blood pressure. Stop shoving.”

She wriggles out of my grasp and puts her fists on her hips. “If my blood pressure’s spiking, it’s not because of the shoving. It’s the man who’s being shoved that’s causing me anxiety.” She moves again to push me, but this time I catch her first.

“There’s no reason for me to be causing you anything. Everything’s good. Sit down.” I direct her to the bench where she sits without any pushing. “Do you need me to get you some water?”

“No,” she snaps. “I’m perfectly hydrated, thank you very much.”

Something about her demeanor sparks a similar confrontation. Her rehearsal dinner. I’d pulled her away from her party then too. God, I’m such a fucker of a brother.

For old time’s sake, I ask, “Don’t you need to be with your guests?”

“I’m on a potty break. It’s fine.” Her narrowed eyes show a hint of humor, and I know she caught my reference. Then she’s animated again. “And what do you mean everything’s good? Did you talk to Alayna?”

I lean a shoulder against the door. “I did.”

“And?” She’s almost as eager as I am to have us back together. It’s nice to have someone in my corner.

“And I proposed.”

“Um…what?”

“You’d be proud of her. She said no.” It hadn’t been one of my finer moments. I’d been desperate and bold and brazen. I hadn’t had a ring. It had been the solution I’d concocted on my ride back into town. I thought that proving the lengths I’d go for her was the answer to our problems. As if lack of dramatic gestures had been our issue.

“Which is understandable.”

Alayna already explained it in hard-to-hear words—she loves me, but she can’t stand to look at me. She can’t ever trust me again. I’m an idiot to think that she’d want to spend her life with me.

But I’m feeling masochistic and think maybe I should hear it again. “Is it?”

Mirabelle’s nicer about her response. “You broke her heart, Hudson. You don’t fix that with a proposal.”

I want to ask, then how do you fix it?

But I don’t voice the question. I’m afraid the answer is you don’t.

So instead, I slump on the seat next to her and assume an air of confidence. “It’s good, though. I’m going to win her back. I’m not giving up until I do.” They were the words I’d shouted after Alayna when she’d walked away from me earlier. She didn’t look back. I pretend that doesn’t mean anything.

Mirabelle lifts her head to study my face, surprise etching her expression. “When the hell did you turn into a romantic?”

I shake my head. “I didn’t. I just remembered that I’m a man who gets what he wants.” And I want Alayna. Need, actually. I need her like I need air to breathe.

“Yeah, don’t use that line with her. That’s not romantic at all.” She makes a face to further prove her distaste.

I hadn’t meant to use the line, but now that Mirabelle’s scoffed so openly at it, I have to know. “Why not? It’s worked before.”

“Maybe to get laid.” She pauses for a second. “And now that I think about that…ew.” She shudders. “Anyway, cocky and dominating is not what’s going to win back trust and affection.”

“How the fuck do you earn back trust?” I don’t mean to be so crass, but I’m frustrated.

And, also, I get it. There’s nothing—nothing—that Celia could ever do to earn back my trust. Is that how Alayna feels about me? She probably should. As she said, there’s no forgiving that kind of betrayal. Now I know.

But she also told me that she still loved me. Even if she hadn’t said it, I saw it in her eyes, on her face. I felt it in the way she had to fight to keep from running into my arms. If she’d said she hated me, maybe then I could let her go on with her life. Without me. But because she still has love, well, I can’t give up on that.

Huh, maybe I did turn romantic after all.

“Time,” Mirabelle says. I hadn’t expected her to answer. “Give her space. Let her know you’re still fighting for her. But don’t do anything that will get you a restraining order.”

Time and space. Every second away from her kills me. Every inch between us feels like miles. But I can try. If that’s what she needs, I can do my best to give her that.

Mirabelle rubs a hand in small circles over her belly. “Do you have anything specific planned to show her you’re still thinking about her?”

In truth, that’s why I’m still sitting in Alayna’s dressing room—I was paralyzed, trying to figure out my next move. So far I’d come up with nothing.

Except as I’m caught in the hypnotic rhythm of my sister’s hand motion, I suddenly remember something from long ago. “Someone once told me,” I say, “that the way to win a girl’s heart is to do things that prove you’ve noticed who she really is.”

I’d used that wisdom to win me girls in the past. Always as part of a scheme, and that made it hard to consider it as a tactic now. Yet it had been good advice.

Mirabelle eyes me. “You’re seriously going to develop your game plan based on something I told you as an inexperienced teenager?”

I frown at her word choice. “Not a game, but yes, my plan is based on your suggestion.”

She raises a brow, and I assume she’s unhappy with my idea.

“Do you have anything better?” I hope my exasperation isn’t too apparent.

“No. The idea’s great. Simple. Romantic. It’s really the best you got.”

“Then what was that look for?”

She breaks into a grin. “You. Asking my opinion about your love life. I told you that you would one day.”

Her smile is contagious. “Don’t get cocky. It’s not good for the baby.” I poke at her ribs where I know she’s ticklish.

She bats at my hand and squeals. “Stop it. You’re making me laugh, and my bladder can’t take it.”

“Go take your potty break.” I stand and help her to her feet. Then I open the door and stand back to let her pass.

In the hallway, before she goes toward the bathroom and I toward the back door, she asks, “Are you going to be okay?”

I pause. “Yes. I think I am.” Because Alayna seemed like she was going to be okay. And that’s what matters most to my happiness. Still, until she asks me not to, I’m going to keep trying for another chance.

By the time I’m in my car, I’ve already bargained with myself regarding giving Alayna space. I can’t stay completely away, and though that’s perhaps the last thing she needs, I know she can understand being all-consumed. I decide that I can physically keep my distance, but only if I’m with her in other ways. A list of gifts is already forming in my head.

Most anything I’ll need can be ordered online, but there is one purchase I need to make in person. I head directly to Tiffany’s. Alayna said no to my first proposal, but I still have every intention of one day making her my bride. When I have the chance to ask again, I’ll be prepared. I purchase a three-carat brilliant cut diamond flanked by two baguette stones in a platinum setting. As soon as I see it, I know it’s hers. It’s beautiful and precious, just like she is.

That night, I start my gift giving. I have the Kindle delivered to her at work. She may hate it. She may give it away. She may throw it to the ground like she did her phone.

Or maybe she’ll accept it. Maybe she’ll even love it. I don’t know. I’ve never so easily second-guessed myself. Like everything new Alayna has taught me, this is another new concept—how to grovel.

When a text comes through a short while later, it’s her cell number. I close my eyes and say a silent wordless prayer before opening up the message.

Man, ur quite the talker. This is Liesl, btw.

I’m disappointed and confused for a moment. What did she mean by talker? Then I realize she’s referring to all the texts I’ve sent. Has she read any of them? I ask.

No. But I read a few. :)

I don’t care that she did. I’ll shout my words from the top of the Empire State Building if there’s a chance Alayna will hear what I have to say.

While I have Liesl’s attention, I take the opportunity to ask more about Alayna. I saw her today, but I want to know really. How is she?

Good. Considering. She won’t use the vibrator I offered.

I chuckle. And then I’m thinking about sex with Alayna. Missing it. I’ve tried not to let those thoughts enter my mind. We spoke to each other through our bodies, and remembering her beneath me, her mouth on me, her tongue sliding against my own—it adds a deeper level to the constant pain I feel for her. I’m hard at the memories, but I won’t touch myself. I’ll suffer because I know that beating off will only increase the loneliness.

Ignoring the ache, I concentrate on my texts. Is she eating? Sleeping?

She eats. She drinks. A lot. But that’s getting better. She’s sleeping on my couch. It’s a futon.

So we’ve both been sleeping on the couch. Somehow that gives me comfort. Are you home? Can you take a picture?

A few minutes pass, and then an image of a thin, worn mattress shows up on my phone screen. A message follows. You better not want this for something kinky.

Nothing kinky. And thank you. I just want to know where she’s spending her time. I want to be able to picture her as she sleeps.

If that’s not completely psycho, I don’t know what is.

I stare at the image a moment longer. I have the idea for my next gift now. I’ll order a new mattress for her. And one for me, just so I can feel we’re connected in our sleep.

Another message comes through. R u going to keep texting her?

I am. Do you think that’s okay? God, when did I get so needy?

Yeah. I do.

She sends another right away. I’m putting this down now. So u can go back 2 ur pining. I’ll try not 2 read 2 many of ur messages.

I know Liesl is on Alayna’s side, but I let myself think that maybe it’s also our side.

I’m restless before I even attempt to sleep. It’s the couch and the sleeping alone. I haven’t slept well in days.

Tonight, I decide to try something different. I pull out my iPad and look for a radio station. I tend to usually listen to the classics—Mozart, Brahms, Wagner. Alayna, on the other hand, loves to listen to modern songs, songs with words, music with a beat. Tonight I want to listen to what she’d be listening to if she were here. Something like it, anyway. I don’t know which label best describes what she usually plays so I select one at random from the Adult Contemporary section.

I don’t pay too much attention to the first song that plays—it’s halfway over and I’m settling in with my pillow and blanket. But the second song comes on, and I’m caught up in it immediately. The piano is lonely, haunting. A male tenor enters with the melody. It’s simple. Bluesy. Soulful.

And the words…

They tell the story of a man who’s drowning in his love for a woman. Drowning, but he can still breathe fine. The woman’s flawed, but to him, she’s perfect. She makes his head spin. She’s distracting and inspiring. And he’s so enamored with her that every part of him loves for every part of her. It’s a song about being open, about having no barriers. About loving with “all of me” and asking for “all of you” in return.

It’s everything that I feel for Alayna. Everything I want to say to her.

I sit up and look at the artist’s name and song title. John Legend, “All of Me.” I purchase the album and put the track on repeat. I have it memorized before I fade to sleep.

As I straddle the line between consciousness and unconsciousness, I decide that tomorrow I’ll go back to Tiffany’s. Alayna’s ring needs an inscription, and I know just what to say.





Sunday, she starts returning some of my texts. I’m elated, but I think I manage to keep my cool.

I continue sending her daily gifts, reminders from our relationship. I leave each one on her desk for when she arrives at work. Thursday, though, I leave nothing. Instead, I come into The Sky Launch during her shift and take a seat at the end of the bar. She barely speaks to me, but I’m happy just to sit and watch her. It’s meant to be reminiscent of the first time I spoke to her. The night before her graduation.

It seems like a lifetime ago now. So much has changed, and yet so much hasn’t. Her smile still lights up my world. Her eyes still draw me in and keep me hostage. She still is the most intriguing thing I’ve ever encountered.

I nurse a Scotch for an hour. Finally, I leave her an envelope with a hundred and a gift certificate to my Poughkeepsie spa. Then I leave.

I’m halfway to the parking garage when she calls after me. My heart pounds against my chest as I wait for her. I’m worried about the reasons she wants to talk to me. Also, I’m so fucking happy that she wants to talk to me.

When she gets nearer, she holds the envelope out toward me. “I can’t accept this. I’m in charge here. I can’t leave for a week to go to a spa.” She lowers her gaze. “Unless you’d rather I wasn’t working here.”

I practically snap in response. “Don’t ever think that.” The only reason I have the club is because of her. “If you think you can’t work with me as your owner, I’ll give you the club.” It’s hers anyway. In my head, in my heart. Where it counts.

She blinks a few times. “I just want to keep my job, thank you.”

I’m relieved. I’d been so afraid she’d quit. Not only because I’d lose access to her, but she’d lose the job she loved so much. I’m grateful she’s staying. “It’s yours as long as you want it.”

I push her hand and the envelope back toward her, a blatant excuse to touch her. “And the certificate—keep it. You can use it any time you want. There’s no expiration.” Even with just the brush of her finger, sparks travel through our skin.

She pulls away from me. “Fine. Whatever.”

Our conversation seems to be over now, and I’m disheartened that she’ll leave. But she surprises me. “There’s another thing.” She takes a deep breath. “I need to get my stuff from the penthouse.”

My stomach sinks. I’ve been dreading this. As long as her things are sitting safely at The Bowery, it feels like we’re still together. It’s still our home. We still have a chance. The minute she moves out, all of that is over.

I tighten my jaw. “I wish you wouldn’t do that.”

She ignores my statement. “I want to come get the rest of my things Monday.” Her hands fidget, and she stares at a spot behind me. At least this is hard for her too. That’s comforting.

“I can have it packed and moved for you, if you’d like.” My packing would consist of buying a lot of new items and putting them in boxes with her things. She’d have new clothing, new jewelry…

As if reading my mind, she says, “I’d rather pack it myself.”

Each no she delivers is another rejection. It’s silly how they feel so personal. I plead with her, “At least let me arrange a truck.”

She closes her eyes briefly. When she opens them, she lets out a reluctant sigh. “Okay. You can do that.”

“It’s done.” My lip ticks into a smile. “This doesn’t mean I’m done trying to win you back.”

“I didn’t think for a second that it did.” Was there a bit of flirtation in her tone?

I tilt my head and study her. Her features are softer than the last time she spoke with me. Her eyes have a hint of amusement, and she’s on the verge of a grin. I decide to push my luck. “You say that as if you almost enjoy my groveling.”

She rolls her eyes and gives me a wave as she turns back toward the club. She calls back to me over her shoulder, “I couldn’t say, H. I haven’t really seen you grovel yet.”

The rush from seeing her and talking without fighting stays with me until I get to the car. Then all at once it leaves. I sit behind the wheel of my Mercedes and try not to let the reality of the situation pull me under. Alayna’s moving out of the penthouse. Even though we’ve been apart, as long as her things are at The Bowery, as long as her bathroom products co-mingle with mine and her clothes hang on my hangers, then in my mind, we’re still together. The house is still ours.

Now she wants to end that.

It feels final. Like closure. And I don’t want closure.

Suddenly, I have to be there. I drive to The Bowery and enter my penthouse for the first time in weeks. The first thing I notice is the quiet. The tick-tock of the grandfather clock is the only sound stretching across the expanse of my four-thousand-square-foot condo. I walk into the living room and flick on the light.

Even with the glow of the high-wattage bulbs, the place feels cold and empty. There have been other occasions that I’ve been away on business for long periods of time, and yet when I returned, it never seemed so unlived in. It’s her absence I’m feeling. It’s all around me, everywhere I go, but here especially.

I slowly scan the room, taking in everything. That window where she stood, moonlight streaming on her face, the first time I saw her in my home. The dining room table where we reconnected over wine and food after a long day apart. The floor beneath where we fucked like rabbits.

Every inch of space has a memory but nothing from before Alayna. Four years I’ve owned this property, and the only life that’s ever occurred here has been this summer. After her. Was there ever anything before her? Could there ever be anything without her?

Since the truth came out, I’ve grieved. I’ve mourned and ached and felt her absence both physically and emotionally. But I’ve yet to let myself be angry. Until now.

Rage bursts through me, spiraling through my veins, heating my skin, tightening my jaw. I’ve earned my circumstances. I deserve these consequences. But I want it to not be fair. For just a minute, I want someone else to blame. My mother and her drinking. Jack and his absent parenting. Celia and the fucked-up game she played. The stone-cold asshole that occupied my life until Alayna came into it.

Him.

He’s the real person to blame.

This house without her, these things, this furniture—it all belongs to him. Perfectly placed according to the suggestions of Celia Werner. The two of them. Old Hudson and Celia. Weren’t they a pair? Twisted, broken narcissists who didn’t give a shit about anyone or anything but their own entertainment.

To fuck with them. I don’t want anything to do with those people anymore.

With a burst of adrenaline, I sweep my arms across the side table, knocking down the designer lamp Celia bought for me at auction. The fragile ceramic base shatters when it hits the floor, filling the space with a sound other than loneliness.

It feels so good, I do it again. This time it’s the occasional table I attack. With a hand clutched at each side, I flip it over. The decorative tea tray that sat on top clatters and clangs across the floor. I like the noise it makes so much that I kick at the pieces again, denting the pot with the force of my blow. I pull at the curtains next. A clearing of the mantle follows. Never before lit candlesticks and framed pictures of random city scenes join the mess on the floor.

Then it’s the couch. I pull and claw at the cushions, throwing all my energy into this destruction. When I don’t make any noticeable marks, I go to the kitchen and grab the largest knife from the butcher block. A glance at the blade makes me wonder if it has ever been used. No time like the present.

Back at the couch, I thrust the knife through the leather back and pull a deep slash along the length. I repeat with another slash down the arm. Then another. I’m not crazy or wild with my strokes, but the carving takes energy. By the time I’ve sliced up the piece of furniture, my arm is aching.

I roll my shoulder to relax the muscle and survey my handiwork. The place is a disaster. And it’s the most life I’ve ever felt in the room without Alayna. I cling to it, holding the life as long as I can.

All too soon, the energy fades and dies.

It’s then I know that I can’t live here anymore. Not alone. Not again.

I find my phone and dial my assistant. He’s used to requests at unusual hours, so though it’s after ten, my call isn’t out of the ordinary. I tell him to arrange a truck for Alayna on Monday. “Also I need packers and a moving crew for this weekend. I can be here at nine on Saturday to supervise. Most everything needs to be out by Sunday night.”

After everything’s arranged, I head back to the bedroom. This is where much of my time with Alayna took place. I fall onto the bed, and though the sheets have been changed and they no longer smell like her, I clutch them to me, pretending I’m clutching her. I let the memories of us settle in and sing me to sleep.





Sunday afternoon, I send Alayna a copy of the John Legend CD with a note that reads: This is the song that makes me think of you. Track 6. – H

By that evening, everything in the penthouse has been packed up and removed except the few things that belong to Alayna and the mattress from our bedroom. Celia had picked out the bedframe, which is now on a truck headed to a donation center, but I’d picked out the mattress. And it has too many memories to simply toss away.

I take a look around the empty space, remembering the first time I’d seen the place. I’d walked through it once before purchasing it. The next time I came back, Celia had finished designing and installing all the furniture and art. I’d forgotten how it looked in its blank canvas stage. There’s so much potential to be a real home. There’s ample wall space for personal pictures and mementos. The balcony has room for plants. The rarely used guestroom could be transformed into an office or a workroom. Or a nursery.

When I live here again with Alayna, I tell myself, we’ll decide together what we want our home to be.

Later, I waffle about contacting Alayna. When she finds the penthouse empty, she’ll have questions. I could call her before to explain, or I could wait until she calls me.

Or I could be there when she comes for her things.

It’s not really much of a debate. The conversation feels more appropriate for in person, and I’ll take any excuse I can to see her face-to-face. Preferably alone. There may be a way that could happen.

I decide to take a risk and call Liesl. She’s with Alayna, but she’s able to step away for our conversation.

“Laynie’s been listening to your damn song nonstop,” she tells me. “And let me tell you, all of me thinks you ought to buy me a pair of earplugs.”

I’m so fucking elated by this information that I offer to throw in a whole new stereo as well. It doesn’t take much effort to convince her to get Alayna to the penthouse alone in the morning. The gifts probably factored in Liesl’s cooperation. Or maybe she really is on our side.





Chapter Twenty-Eight





I wake Monday more excited than I can ever remember being. Having spent a lifetime pushing down emotions, I’m frequently thrown off guard when I experience one. I’m not prepared for the adrenaline pumping through my veins or the sweat gathering above my brow. I know Alayna isn’t an early riser so I get in a few miles on the treadmill in the Pierce Industries gym before I have to head over to the penthouse to meet her. The run helps calm me.

I wonder if that’s why Alayna loves the sport so much.

At the penthouse, my excitement returns. Or maybe anxiety is a better term. I pace the length of the hallway, up and down, twenty times. A hundred times. It’s unbelievable that she can turn me inside out like this. That she can bring a powerful man like me to my knees. I’m helpless about her. I’m hopeless without her.

While I wait, I try to settle myself by thinking about what I expect from our encounter. It’s akin to creating a hypothesis in an experiment. This time there’s no manipulation though—just predictions. I often do it before an important business meeting, sorting the realistic possible outcomes from the fantastical. It was a trick that Jack taught me, actually.

The dream, of course, is that Alayna will want to try to be a couple again. She’ll accept my mistakes and learn to forgive me. It wouldn’t matter if we stayed at The Bowery or if we got engaged right away. The dream is that we’re together, period.

But that’s not a practical prediction. I slow my pace as I imagine what’s likely. She’ll arrive, she’ll see the empty house, and she may feel uncomfortable. She’ll refuse my offer to let her stay her with Liesl—she’s too independent to take what would be perceived as a handout. But she’ll see yet another demonstration of how my life just doesn’t work without her. And maybe I’ll win a pity date.

I could handle that scenario.

There’s another scenario though. One I don’t want to think about. Now, for the first time since our breakup, I imagine her without me. I test the idea softly with my mind, focusing on what that life would mean for her. She’s strong and healthy. She’s in control of her emotions. She runs The Sky Launch and makes it one of the hottest clubs in town. She’s happy. She finds someone to love her—someone who doesn’t lie to her, someone who isn’t so bossy. Someone transparent and open.

It’s a good outcome for her. But I can’t hold on to that image. It doesn’t resonate in my mind. Because I know Alayna. I know that she will settle for less than she’s worth. She’s too worried about her obsessive tendencies to put herself out there. She thinks she’s a burden to men, so she folds herself up and inward. Closes herself off.

If I could be convinced that her future would play out better without me, then I would walk away, despite the fact that it would kill me. I would let her go. I know I don’t deserve her more than anyone else, but there is no doubt in my mind that we belong together. We fit together. We fix each other. We make each other whole.

It’s this conviction that makes me realize it doesn’t matter what happens today. I’ll see Alayna. We’ll move forward in some way, and whether we take baby steps or leaps and bounds, we’ll be headed in the right direction. Together.

My pacing has me near the bedroom when I hear her arrive. The ding of the elevators sends my heart into my throat, and my mouth goes dry. Cautiously, I duck out of sight. It’s quiet so I can hear her gasp as she realizes the place is empty.

I give her a minute to acclimate. Or I give myself a minute to get it together. Either way, eventually, I find my way to her.

She’s in the library, standing over the boxes of books that I’ve given her. We chitchat and it’s safe. The way she looks at me, though, is anything but safe. Her eyes travel greedily up and down my body, and it’s all I can do not to take her up on what her body language is proposing.

Thinking of Mirabelle ends my contemplation of inappropriate advances. Besides that the thought of my sister is a turn-off, she had so wisely pointed out that I was not just trying to get laid. So I’m a good boy. And Alayna’s a good girl with a wicked smile.

“I didn’t expect you to be here,” she says after another round of ogling. Her tone suggests she’s not upset. If I had to bet, I’d say she’s even happy about it. Steps in the right direction.

“You didn’t say I couldn’t be.” There’s nowhere else I’d be today.

“It was implied,” she teases.

“You don’t seem that horribly pissed to see me.” My eyes meet hers, and they dare her to deny it.

She bites her lip, and I can tell she’s warring with herself. I can read her so well, but there’s still so much I don’t know that goes on in her beautiful mind. If only I could know right now what she’s thinking.

But she’s not willing to let me in there again. Not yet. She changes the subject. “Where is everything?”

“Your stuff is still all here.”

“But where’s your stuff?”

I’m not sure I’m ready to let the easiness of our banter go. I take a deep breath. Then, ready or not, I tell her, “I can’t live here without you, Alayna.”

She attempts to hide a frown and fails. “So you’re moving out?”

The idea seems to bother her. Good. It bothers me, too. “Actually, I hope I’m moving in.”

“H, you confuse me enough without you trying to be confusing.” Exasperation lies under her words. “Could you say something I can understand?”

“I confuse you?”

“Is this a surprise?”

I shrug. I’d forgotten how fun it is to tease her. I’ve missed it.

“So you’re moving in?” she prompts, her hands gesturing in the air, perhaps as a substitution for throttling me.

She’s losing her patience now, and that’s not what I want. I answer her question. “One day. I hope. But for now, I want you to live here.”

“What?” Her expression turns irritated and her tone weary.

She thinks I don’t understand what she wants from me. But I do. She doesn’t want me to flaunt my money or give her ridiculously expensive gifts.

It’s me who’s misunderstood. I’m not trying to buy her love. I simply want to know that she’s taken care of. And I want her in our home.

As best as I can, I try to make her understand. “I can’t live here without you, precious. But I don’t want to sell it, because I love being here with you. Someday, you and I will be here again. While I’m waiting for you—scratch that—while I’m groveling for your forgiveness, it’s a shame to let it sit empty. You and Liesl should move in.”

“I can’t accept that, H.” But she seems less angry now.

“I had a feeling you’d say that. Then it will have to sit.” I’d known she wouldn’t accept. I still had to offer.

She bites her lip as if working out a problem in her head—God, how I want to suck on that lip—then she suggests, “You could rent it out.”

“I could rent it out to you.”

Alayna laughs, and every dark cloud in the sky scatters. I’ll do anything to keep that smile on her face. Anything to keep the flirting and the warmth that passes between us. We tease like this, back and forth, her smile remaining, her eyes gleaming. The day is already worth it just because I got to see the sun in Alayna’s face.

She asks me again, “Seriously, though, where’s all your stuff? Did you get another place?”

I shake my head. “I gave it all to a charity fundraiser.” This is true. For the most part. Minus the pieces I destroyed.

“Lifestyles of the rich and famous,” she teases.

As much as we’re both enjoying the playfulness—it’s obvious she is as much as I am—there are still mountains between us. There are still things to say and explain. We have wounds that need dressing and scars that haven’t finished forming.

I start toward her, tightening the gap that feels like a cavern between us. “I wasn’t attached to any of it. This entire apartment was perfectly designed to my tastes and style, but it never felt like a home.” I stop a short distance from her. “Not until you, Alayna. You made it come alive. The things that were here—they were chosen for me by someone I want completely removed from my life. Right now, the things here are the only things that made this house a place I’d want to live. Your things. You.”

She starts to say something, but then closes her mouth before anything comes out.

I take advantage of her loss for words. And the fact that she hasn’t kicked me out yet. “And when I move back in, we can refurnish this place from scratch. Together. You and I.”

She takes an audibly shaky breath in. “You’re so sure that one day I’ll take you back.”

I study her. I know her so well, can read her emotions from her body language better than I can read my own. Maybe I’m fooling myself now, seeing what I want to see, but her features, her expression, her carriage—it all says that the outlook for us is good. Really good.

She’s looking at me with love, her eyes begging me to take her into my arms, and I’m carried away in the moment. “I’m hopeful,” I tell her with a smile. “Would you like to see how hopeful I am?”

“Sure.” The word falls easily, and that only makes what I’m going to do that much easier.

I dig in my pocket and pull out the ring. When I put it there this morning, I told myself it was for good luck, that I had no intention of presenting it to her today. Turns out I was fooling myself.

I hold it up in the air, my thumb and forefinger grasping the bottom so that the diamond is standing straight up. “I bought this.”

It takes her a second to register what it is. Then her eyes widen. I take her hand and drop it in her palm. I haven’t quite decided if I’m showing her just to let her know how serious I am about our future or if I’m actually proposing. Again.

Her eyes start to fill, and her expression is confused and hopeful. It’s then I decide what this will be. I’m perfectly aware that this is exactly the opposite of giving time and space. I’m prepared for a second no, but honestly, I’m prepared for a third and fourth as well. I can wait for her.

But she needs to know that I’m here now if she wants me. “There’s an inscription,” I tell her softly. I hear her breath catch as she reads what I’ve had added. I give you all of me.

I fall to my knee. “I realized something about the last time I asked this.” I haven’t prepared anything, but the words come easily. “I did it wrong. First, I didn’t have a ring, and second, I should have gotten on one knee. But more importantly, I didn’t give you the right thing. I offered you everything I had, thinking that was the way to win your heart. That wasn’t what you wanted at all. The only thing you ever asked for, the only thing I would never give you, was me.”

She tries to swallow back a gasp, but it comes out anyway.

“But now I do.” I throw my arms open wide. “Here I am, precious. I give myself freely. All of me, Alayna. No more walls or secrets or games or lies. I give you all of me, honestly. For forever, if you’ll take it.” It’s the most naked that I’ve ever been. The most vulnerable. And the absolutely most honest.

I take the ring from her and slip it onto her shaking hand. Or is it mine that’s shaking? No, I don’t think so. For the first time ever, I feel completely steady.

She stares at it, the reflection of the ring seemingly sparkling in her eyes. She’s an open book, and each doubt and worry cross the landscape of her face. But in the end, it’s affection that settles on her features. Love deeper than any that has ever been shown to me.

I’m certain that she can see the same on my face. My mask is down. My feelings apparent. But I’ll speak them as well. “Alayna, I love you.”

She moves her gaze from the ring to meet my eyes. God, how they find me. I’m forever found in her, and though I’m prepared to wait, I hope and pray that I won’t have to anymore. “Will you marry me? Not today, and not in Vegas, but in a church if you like, or at Mabel Shores in the Hamptons—”

“Or the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens during the cherry blossom season?”

“Yes, there.” She has excellent taste. And then it hits me what she’s said. “Is that a—”

“Yes.” She nods. “It’s a yes.”





Alayna loves being engaged.

She’s worn the ring a month, and she still shows it to everyone. Even our doorman has been forced to fawn over it. The other night, I double-tipped the Chinese take-out deliveryman because he stayed for seven minutes after I’d paid just to listen to her go on about her diamond. If I didn’t know her as well as I do, I’d suspect she only said yes so she could wiggle her finger in front of people.

But since I do know her, I understand her compulsion to cling on to the object of her affection and parade it possessively. It’s behavior that drove others away from her, which is something I can never understand. I thrive on her attention. I respond to it in kind. We tangle ourselves together with our need to belong to each other. And our love grows stronger through it. More sure.

Along with my twice-weekly meetings with Dr. Alberts, we see a couple’s counselor every Monday. Dr. Lucille Parns. She insists that we call her Lucy. For Alayna’s sake, I actually succumb to the nickname. I’d worried at first that Lucy would frown upon my and Alayna’s attachment. Call it unhealthy. Surprisingly, she doesn’t. Instead she nurtures the aspects that have worked as strengths in our relationships. She encourages our high-level infatuation and our sex life as a means to connect.

Not that Lucy would have any impact on our sex life. I can’t keep my hands off Alayna, and fortunately, she can’t seem to keep her hands off me either.

Despite what we have going for us, Lucy does expect a lot of work. She focuses on our lack of communication and trust. It’s a mystery to me how I can be determined to share everything with Alayna now, and yet, when Lucy presses us, it’s still so hard to be that transparent. “Old habits die hard,” she reminds us. Then she assigns us a new exercise that sounds easy and proves to be a struggle.

Tonight, our assignment is full disclosure. From me. Though Alayna has figured out the basics of my games with Celia and my scheme regarding her, I’ve never told her all of it. Alayna’s not even entirely sure she wants to hear it.

But Lucy has insisted on it. “Alayna’s already forgiven you,” she’d said. “Use that knowledge to erase any fears you have. But there’s no way for you—for both of you—to put this fully to rest without letting light into every corner of this darkness.”

So this is the night we’ve chosen for my confession—exactly one month after she accepted my proposal. My chef prepared a dinner that we ate together by candlelight on our brand new dining table. We still don’t have living room furniture, and summer’s quickly flying away, so after our meal we take advantage of this warm evening and move to the balcony.

The new outdoor furniture is better cushioned than the set I’d had before, yet I can’t get comfortable in my seat. Alayna offers me a drink, but I turn it down. I don’t want to suppress any emotions that come from this confession. It may not be easy, but I want to feel all of it with her.

She angles her chair to face me head on and curls her feet underneath her. She doesn’t pressure me to start, and we sit for several long minutes in silence. Then I begin.

I start with the emotionally closed-off young man I’d been, the man who wanted to understand the relationships he was missing out on because of his lack of feeling. I tell her how he experimented on people he knew. How he experimented on his closest friend and turned her into a hateful, bitter woman.

I tell it all—how I’d kissed Celia, how I’d fucked her friend, how she’d fucked my father, how she’d gotten pregnant. All of it.

Alayna doesn’t interrupt. She listens intently, her expression changing with the particularly disturbing details. It isn’t until I tell her about the night of the symposium, the night I’d first seen her and my life instantly changed, that the tears start. They’re sweet tears that fall quietly down her face. They make it harder for me to go on to the part where I betrayed her. But I do. I tell her all the things I thought and felt, and how I convinced myself I was doing something good, but I always knew that it was wrong.

I end at The Sky Launch, when Alayna realized the truth. It’s the worst part and the best part. It was the moment I almost lost everything. But it was also the moment that I was finally free to love Alayna in the way she deserved, and in that way, it was the moment I gained everything.

I don’t tell her that the whole thing was Celia’s game. I will, one day. But tonight is for my faults, my mistakes. No one else’s. Admitting my own role as victim shifts the focus away from that.

It takes over two hours to complete my story, and when I do, I’m exhausted. Mentally and physically. And I can’t hide that I’m down. It’s been an evening of recalling my sins. I’m humiliated. I’m ashamed.

Alayna stares at the skyline past me, a breeze blowing her hair behind her so her face is clear and visible. Still, it’s hard to read her thoughts as she takes everything in. I start to think that maybe now I need that drink, but then her eyes swing to meet mine and she speaks.

“It’s not on the agenda for me to disclose anything,” she says, “but I have my own confession.”

I’m not worried about anything she has to tell me. The things she thinks are her flaws are the very aspects of her that I adore most. But I am intrigued.

She clears her throat. “It could be easy to listen to what you’ve said and focus on the heartache that you say you caused. But the part that’s missing is that your experiments were done on grown-up people. Adults who are, in the end, responsible for themselves. You hurt Celia. She had a chance to walk away, and she didn’t. She’s culpable for what she became after that. That’s all her, H. Not you.”

I tilt my head and study her. “You had a chance to walk away, too.”

“I did. And me coming back to you—that’s all me.” Her lips twist into a smile. “Though you did do a damn good job of making yourself impossible to resist.”

Weakly, I return her smile. It’s a small comfort against the weight of my past.

Alayna gets up suddenly and crawls onto my lap, straddling me. My cock stirs automatically from our point of contact, but I ignore it. She wraps her arms around my neck, and my own hands settle around her waist.

“Here’s my confession, H. It’s a difficult one to admit because I don’t want it to sound like I condone the things you did.” She takes a deep breath. “But, honestly, I wouldn’t have given you the time of day if you hadn’t manipulated me. No matter how you chased me. Nothing you could have done would have made me start any sort of relationship with you.”

My eyes narrow. She’s told me before that she was as instantly attracted to me as I was to her. It was in her face, in her body language from the moment we first interacted. Surely if I’d approached her in the conventional method of courtship, I could have won her attention.

“Don’t get me wrong,” she says, apparently picking up on my confusion. “I was attracted to you at first sight. You pulled me to you inexplicably. I was instantly fixed on you. And that made you everything that I should stay away from. I’d been well for a long time before you, Hudson. I’m pretty sure I could have stayed on the wagon. It would have been difficult, but I would have avoided you like the plague.”

She moves her hands around to caress my jaw. The soft flutter of her thumbs against my stubble sends shocks to my groin. “Then you waved money in front of me. And I convinced myself I needed that money enough to break my rules and do the thing you asked of me. If you hadn’t done that, Hudson, if you hadn’t played me…” She shakes her head at wherever her thoughts trailed off to. “Honestly, I don’t think there’s any other way you could have won my attention. Unless you held a promotion over my head in exchange for spending time with you, and that would have been just as shitty.”

She leans down and kisses me softly then leans her forehead against mine. “I would never have given myself the chance to fall in love with you if you hadn’t forced me to. It doesn’t excuse you. But it’s the truth. And for that, I have to say that I guess things happened how they should have. If I had the chance to rewrite it all, I don’t think I would change a thing. This is the path that led to me with you like this. It’s the reason I came back to you so easily. Because I realized I’d rather live through your betrayal and end up with you than never to have gotten you at all.”

She kisses me again, deeper this time. Her tongue pushes through my lips and wars aggressively with mine. I’m moved. Not just my cock, that is now hard as stone, and not just by what she’s doing now, but by everything she’s said. She’s way too forgiving. Way too open-minded. But I’m so fucking grateful that she is because now she’s mine.

Her kiss grows more frantic, and I know what she needs, but as I’m about to take the reins, she stops me. “Let me, Hudson. You told me things that were hard for you to say. Let me show you how much it doesn’t matter. How much I love you anyway.”

So I do. I wait until she asks me to touch her breasts before I cover them with my palms. I let her unbuckle my belt and release my cock. She’s the one who lifts her skirt and pushes aside her thong underwear. Then it’s her who positions herself over me and slides down on me. She’s tight, but she pushes her hands against my chest and leans back until she’s seated comfortably. I fill her so perfectly like this, her pussy pulsing around me as she moves up and down.

I lean in and tug at her nipples through her shirt and bra with my mouth. Alayna tilts her hips forward, and I can tell she’s found the right angle when she starts to moan. She speeds up, talking in breathy gasps as she rides. “I love you, Hudson Pierce. Every part of you. Every flaw, every scar. Just like you love me.”

She tightens, and I can feel she’s close. “I love the way you take care of me.” Her words are a struggle now. “And the way you accept my jealousies and insecurities. I love your cock and the way you fuck me. And the way you make love.”

She’s bouncing up and down in a frenzy now, and we’re both on the edge. Just as she clenches around me, she says, “Did you say that I can’t come when I’m in control? Because I’m coming.”

I start to laugh, but then I’m coming too, the dark disappearing in a flash of white as my orgasm steals my vision. We soar together like this, riding the wave of our simultaneous climax, climbing higher and higher as we fall deeper and deeper into each other. I’m lost in her and found in her all at once.

And as I am every time we touch, every time we speak to each other, every time our eyes meet—I’m made new. There’s a past that led me to this moment, but it’s not holding me back anymore. Even in the dark of this New York City night, the only thing before me is sun.





Epilogue





Three Years Later





Click. Click.

The camera sounds each time I take another shot. It’s the only noise in the quiet hospital room. Click. I look at the photo counter—eighty-seven. The memory card had been empty before we arrived. I’ve taken eighty-seven pictures. What can I say? I’m a proud father.

I move the camera’s focus from the bundle to Alayna and take another. Click. I lower the camera then and study Alayna. Her eyes are closed, but her breathing is irregular so I know she’s only resting. She looks wiped, and rightly so. It’s been a long road to this moment. Though we’d wanted to try for a baby as soon as we got married, she’d just had a birth control injection, which lasted three months. Then it was more than a year of trying before we could conceive. Her doctor said it was common to have trouble after injections. Common or not, it wore on her. And me. Alayna obsessed about the reasons she wasn’t pregnant. I wondered if it was a consequence of my past. Or karma, even. It felt like a miracle when Alayna finally walked out of the bathroom and showed me the stick with the faint plus sign in its display window. It had been her birthday. There wasn’t any gift I could give her that could compete with the one we’d made together.

The pregnancy itself went well. She had the typical issues—morning sickness, sore breasts, moodiness. I’d wanted her to quit working at the club and leave Gwen in charge. Alayna had wanted to stay managing until she delivered. We compromised on part-time, and Alayna’s last day was a month before her due date. It gave us time to finish the nursery, which we’d decided to decorate in a children’s literature theme. Dorothy and the Tin Man make their way down the yellow brick road on one wall. Peter Rabbit scavenges Mr. McGregor’s garden on another. And the baby bedding features Alice in Wonderland characters.

Despite the last few weeks off, the whole thing has been tiring for Alayna, as to be expected. She’d barely gotten any sleep the last few nights. Then her contractions started just after midnight yesterday, which meant no more sleep for either of us. She labored through the day, and the baby wasn’t born until two-thirty this morning. I wish she would let the nursery have the baby so she could get some real sleep, but Alayna’s insistent on keeping her here. Not just in the room, but in her arms. She won’t let go of the sleeping bundle, which is understandable—and adorable—but every time the little creature stirs, so does Alayna.

I shift the camera back to our baby—my baby. Her face scrunches up and relaxes as if still getting used to the feel of air on her skin. I take another dozen or so rapid shots, attempting to capture each and every twist of her features. She’s amazing and beautiful, and there’s nothing like this bubble bursting inside my chest at the wonder of her.

Then why am I still holding this camera and not her?

Quietly, so as not to disturb my wife, I set my camera on the table and reach for my child instead. Alayna moves slightly at the sudden absence from her arms, but her eyes don’t open. Hopefully she’s finally drifting off.

Good. Daddy and daughter bonding moment to commence.

I smile down at my sweet girl, pushing away the blanket to better see her face. Her color has paled since she was bright red and squalling in the nursery during her bath. I’d studied each and every part of the tiny creature then—counted her toes and fingers, discovered the dark birthmark at the small of her back. Then had been the examining. Now, I’m simply swept away with infatuation.

I stroke her impossibly soft cheek and trace the curve of her small puckered lips. Instinctively, my body begins to sway to a melody I hear only in my head. I hum a bit. The words dance in my head, and a few lines slip out in my awkward tenor voice, “All of me loves all of you.”

There couldn’t be a more fitting motif for the moment. I’m completely and totally in love.

“Keep singing,” Alayna says from her bed, surprising me.

I feel my neck warm. “You weren’t supposed to hear that. And you should be sleeping.”

“But I’m not sleeping. And I did hear that. So keep singing.”

It’s near impossible to deny any request of hers, but this one I do. “Maybe later. Right now, since the easy part of all of this is over,” I meet her glance, “we should get to the hard work. It’s time to pick a name.”

We’d thought of many over the course of the pregnancy, and when we’d learned we were likely having a girl, I thought we’d finally settle on something. Alayna wanted to use her mother’s name—Louise—for a middle name, but she could never agree on a suitable first name. “I need to see her first,” she’d say. “I want her to have a name that fits her.”

And so here we are with a perfect, beautiful, nameless child.

Alayna’s tired eyes narrow at my remark. “You think all this was easy?”

I gesture for her to scoot over so I can join her on the bed. “I meant for you. It was extremely hard for me to hear you call me those things that you did—especially near the end. But I was trying to not make a deal of it.”

“Hudson!”

I really don’t think it was easy. The doctor had used that term, supposedly in comparison to other births she had attended, but as far as I am concerned, labor at all is hell. I’ve always known my wife is strong and capable of anything, yet I’d never imagined the exertion and endurance that would be required to push a seven-pound, three-ounce human being into the world. I’d also never felt so helpless. Of all the things I can do for Alayna, this thing she had to do primarily on her own.

I settle into the space she’s made for me and kiss her forehead. “I’m teasing and you know it, precious. I’m grateful and proud of everything you went through to get our baby here. It’s the best gift you could ever give me, and there are no words to express how amazed I am with you.”

Her face softens, and her eyes start to water. Again. God, I love this woman, but pregnancy turned her tears into overdrive. Today, I understand it. It’s natural to cry when in pain. And when the doctor first placed our scrawny, naked baby on Alayna’s chest, I admittedly shed a tear or two as well.

Now, however, I’d prefer we’d not cry—because if she starts, I’m sure to follow. I glance at the clock. “As much as I could go on with how much I adore you, Alayna, it’s now almost seven. Our families are going to ascend on us soon, and I’d love to have a name for her before they do. Though Baby Girl Pierce does have a certain ring to it, I’m certain she’d be made fun of at school.” I lay a kiss on our sleeping daughter’s nose and return her to her mother’s arms before grabbing the tablet off the side table.

Alayna looks adoringly at her bundle and then leans her head against my shoulder. “Then look up the baby name site and let’s get deciding. Otherwise your mother will take it upon herself to come up with a name and that’s not happening.”

We’d made a conscious decision not to have any family invited to the hospital until the baby was born. Too much drama, Alayna had said, and I agreed. Since the baby was born in the middle of the night, I’d waited until six a.m. to make the phone calls. Mirabelle and Adam have to get both their four-year-old daughter, Aryn, and their one-year-old son, Tyler, dressed and ready before coming over, and my parents are slow-moving in the morning, so that will delay them. I figure that gives us until around eight to have our last minutes alone with our daughter before she meets the rest of the Crazies, as Alayna likes to call my family.

From the bookmarks on the browser, I open the website we’ve used as our search guide and select the link for girl’s names. The most popular ones pop up in a list on the screen. Charlotte, Sophia, Amelia, Emma.

“I heard Celia Werner got engaged.”

I glance down at my wife. “How do you always ruin the most beautiful moments with her name?” I know why she thought of her—Celia had been a name on the screen.

“Shut up. I haven’t mentioned her since before we got married.” She’s right; she hasn’t. Celia hasn’t been a part of our lives in any way, shape or form since the last time I’d seen her at the loft. She’d kept her end of the bargain, ceasing all contact with me and my family. And I’d kept my end—Warren Werner is still the head of Werner Media.

For a time after our engagement, Celia’s name came up in counseling. She’d been a contributing source of much of our conflict, and it was inevitable that she’d be discussed. But eventually all of us agreed—Alayna, Lucy and I—that talking about Celia further kept her around when she didn’t need to be. We didn’t talk about her after that, and, eventually, I didn’t think about her either. Well, not often.

“Anyway,” Alayna says now. “Your mother told me.”

“Of course she did.” She told me as well. She always did love to stir the pot, even sober. Though Sophia has long lost her love for Celia—rarely mentioning her anymore, thank God—she hasn’t exactly warmed to Alayna. She hasn’t warmed to anyone, for that matter, except for possibly my father. The two seem to find redemption in each other, even when no one else can see it. Perhaps Alayna and I are like them in the eyes of others.

“Thoughts?” She’s not testing me for an emotional reaction. There are no secrets between us anymore. Particularly not about my old partner in crime.

“Regarding Celia? Good for her.” It’s as much attention as I will give to the woman on the birthday of my first child. It doesn’t mean I don’t wonder about her on occasion, or that I didn’t pause when I heard her news. Part of me hopes her romance is genuine. Wouldn’t that be ironic?

But it’s entirely possible the engagement is simply a scam or her parents’ arrangement. She’s likely still cold and unfeeling. Maybe even unhappy and miserable.

I won’t lie. There’s a small part of me that wishes for the latter. Okay, a big part of me.

“Yeah, good for her.” Alayna’s tone seems indifferent, and I sense the bitterness she once carried for Celia has been replaced with other things. Things that matter. The prestige of running New York’s Hippest Club of the year, according to the Village Voice. Two anniversaries celebrated with a husband who loves her more than could ever be expressed. A newborn baby who coos and clicks in her sleep.

Alayna stares down again at her pink-hatted bundle. I think she could look at her baby forever. I could look at her looking at her baby forever. Jesus, I’m getting mushy in my old age.

I turn back to the tablet and click for advanced search. I enter a meaning, curious if any names will pop up. A list of over fifty does. I scan through them, my breath catching on one. I click the name to read the definition further.

“Alayna,” I say, still not believing my eyes, “did you know your name means precious?”

She’s taken aback. “Seriously?”

“Precious; sun ray. See?” I show her the tablet where the definition is clear as day.

She blinks at the screen. “Did you know that?”

“I had no idea.” I’m not sure if she realizes how often I’ve referred to her as the light in my darkness. Her name is completely fitting for her. For the woman that would be mine.

“It was fated,” Alayna says with the sweetest grin. “I was meant to be yours. You knew what I was about before I did.”

I can’t stand it. She’s too beautiful. Too perfect. I look back at the tablet. “You’re giving me too much credit.”

“No, I’m not.”

And, I think, maybe she’s right. Maybe we were fated or destined to find each other. Maybe everything that happened to me and Celia and Alayna was all meant to happen, each painful part playing out in order to lead us to our personal happy ending.

Or maybe it’s just coincidence. And does it really matter? It’s a happy ending either way.

Our baby stirs again, this time with more determination. “She’s waking up.” I watch her tilt her head toward Alayna, her little mouth open and searching.

“Hey, she’s rooting,” Alayna exclaims.

“It looks to me like she’s trying to suck your breast.” I tickle my baby’s cheek with my finger. “I get it, little girl. I like sucking her breasts too.”

Alayna laughs. “That’s called rooting, you dork.”

“It’s not called rooting when I do it.”

“No, that’s called awesome,” she says, looking up at me with that devilish grin of hers, the one that can make me instantly hard if I’m not careful.

Again, I have to look away. “Stop it. You’re going to make me horny, and the nurse said six days.”

“Six weeks.”

I sigh. “I suppose I heard wrong.”

“Yeah, that’s it.”

I return my focus to the screen in front of me and scan further down the list. “What do you think about the name Mina?”

“Mina? Mina Louise.” She repeats it, testing it out. “I like it. What does it mean?”

“Precious. In Sanskrit.” I gaze down at my daughter—my daughter!—and watch her fight to open her eyes, her little lids squeezing tight and relaxing before they pop open. “Look at her. What do you think? Does it fit?”

“She’s certainly precious.”

“Like her mother.”

I toss the iPad to the end of the bed and wrap my arms around my wife and child. For someone who once felt very little, I am now overwhelmed with emotions. My heart is full to the brim, overflowing with love. So much love.

Sometimes it’s hard to even remember that I ever was another man. That I ever was anything but this one—a man who will fill a camera with newborn baby pictures and tear up as his precious daughter opens her eyes. A man who found sunshine in his dark existence when he deserved it least.

Alayna Withers changed everything for me. I can easily divide my life into two parts—before her and after. The person I was in that time long ago and the person I became when my eyes first found hers.

Though that isn’t entirely accurate. Before her, I never really lived. So there is only after.

I begin and end with her. It’s as simple and as profound as that. Our worlds have entwined and wrapped around each other’s completely. They’ve shaped into something new and fixed and whole. There is no longer her story or mine, but now and always, only ours.





Did you love Hudson? Read it again in paperback or audiobook.





A note to Readers - Where do we go from here?





Dear Reader,

I hope you’ve enjoyed Hudson and Alayna’s story so far. It concludes in the book Fixed Forever which follows after this.

Before you dive into their final installment, I want to mention that there are a couple of other stories that take place in the Fixed Universe, and if you want the best reading experience possible, you may want to read them before reading Fixed Forever.

Free Me - Gwen’s story

Find Me - the conclusion of Gwen’s story

Chandler - Hudson’s little brother has grown-up

Falling Under You - a spinoff novella/Norma and Boyd’s story

Dirty Filthy Fix - a spinoff novella about Trish, Hudson’s secretary

While reading these additional books is not necessary to enjoy Alayna and Hudson’s conclusion, these characters all show up and are referenced in the final book. If you plan on reading them at all, I’d read them first!

Whichever you decide, thank you for going on this journey with these characters thus far. It’s been a true pleasure and highlight of my life to get to bring Alayna and Hudson and their friends to you.

xoxo

Laurelin





Fixed Forever





The final book in the New York Times and internationally bestselling series…

Hudson Pierce-

You act so high and mighty, you and your perfect pregnant wife Alayna. With your perfect child and your perfect home.

You weren't always perfect. Your past is filled with misdeeds.

Does your wife know all your secrets?

Would she stand behind you if she did?

You think because she’s on bedrest you can protect her? How sweet.

Sleep tight, you two.

-An Old Friend.

...HIS PAST WAS SUPPOSED TO BE BEHIND THEM.





Prologue





Hudson Pierce:

You act so high and mighty, you and your perfect pregnant wife, Alayna. With your perfect child and your perfect home.

You weren't always perfect. Your past is filled with misdeeds.

Does your wife know all your secrets?

Would she stand behind you if she did?

You think because she’s on bedrest you can protect her? How sweet.

Sleep tight, you two.

-An Old Friend.





1





Alayna





The thing about being a person with a history of acting crazy was that I couldn’t tell myself if my thoughts and actions were sane.

When I was on the other side of it, completely “normal,” whatever that meant, I could see the unreasonableness from before. Just not when I was in it. It almost felt like a different Alayna who had spent days and weeks obsessing over the tiniest things. Someone familiar, but not me.

But it was all me. Every Alayna was a part of me.

I stared at myself in the mirror, at the light circles under my eyes—signs of motherhood. I was starting to develop wrinkles when I smiled, but otherwise my face still looked young and cared for, thanks to the best beauty products. My hair was a tangled mess from bed, but it had been recently cut and styled. My pupils weren't dilated. My body wasn't fidgeting. On the outside I looked healthy, in control, normal. Tired and worn out, maybe, but that was to be expected.

I looked exactly like the woman I was—Alayna Reese Withers Pierce.

The trouble was, both Alayna’s wore this face.

"There you are," Hudson's voice was gravelly with sleep. I met his gaze in the mirror as he came up behind me and placed a kiss on the top of my head. "Rough night?"

I shook my head. "One of them woke up at five. Took the bottle and was right back out." I reached for my eye cream, to have something to do. I wondered how long I’d been staring at myself before he walked in.

Thankfully, Hudson didn't really seem to be awake enough to notice that I’d just been standing there, wondering if I was okay, if my swirling thoughts were normal or symptomatic. He padded into the bathroom and shut the door, but called out, "Which one was it?”

"Whichever one slept in the green and yellow frog pajamas." Was I a bad mother for not being awake enough to realize which twin I had fed in the dark? He didn’t think so, at least.

Hudson had dressed them for bed the night before. He liked being part of the evening routine. It made him feel involved with parenting even when he worked all day at the office. And I enjoyed the break. I never knew what a luxury sitting down with a glass of iced tea was until the babies arrived.

"That was Brett," he said coming back from the bathroom. He headed over to his sink and washed his hands. "Should've guessed."

I dabbed the eye cream under one eye as I glanced at my husband. "Are you saying our little girl has an appetite?"

"I'm saying our little girl will do anything to get more time with her mama."

Seven years together, and he was still a charmer. I couldn't help returning his grin.

"You should get back to bed. Get some more sleep before they wake up for good."

I could probably get in another two or three hours before Mina, our four-year-old, woke up. It was anyone's guess with the twins.

But my head was spinning. I couldn’t sleep now.

"I'll get there. Eventually." I turned my focus back to the mirror so Hudson wouldn't see the anxiety in my gaze.

Unfortunately, he knew me well enough. He didn't have to see my face to recognize it was there. "You're still thinking about yesterday's news, aren't you?"

I blew out a strangled sigh. Of course I was still thinking about it. The question was, why wasn't he?

The answer could very well be that my crazy was seeping back in.

So I didn't ask. I let my huff be my complete declaration. Whether I was crazy or not, I still had a right to my displeasure.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him leaning against the counter, his boxers hanging low on his toned hips. "Alayna," he said in that warning tone of his. "You need to talk to me."

I huffed again, dropping the cream jar on the counter before turning to face him. "She's going to be a member of our family, Hudson. Don’t you see why I’m concerned?"

"It's not exactly close family. And, really, she's been family all my life." He was using his patient tone with me. The one that was calm and steady and even. The one that made my volume increase and my temper flare.

"Your mother was best friends with her mother. That's not the same as your brother marrying her step-daughter. Now there will be legal ties. There will be Thanksgivings with her, and Christmases and summer vacations and baby showers." I shuddered at the thought of Celia Werner around my babies.

Correction, Celia Fasbender.

"It's not like she's ever going to be alone with our children," Hudson said reasonably. "I think you will be surprised how infrequently we really do interact with her. She lives in England, after all. She’ll go back there eventually." He pushed off the counter and headed over to the shower, turning the water on and sticking his hand in to check the temperature. "You were the one who told me not to overreact when they started dating, as I recall."

That had been true. When Chandler had begun dating Genevieve, Hudson had realized her father was married to our arch nemesis and he’d tried to put his foot down. Told his brother no way. It had been me who saw how much Chandler felt for his girlfriend, and I’d convinced Hudson it was not our place to interfere.

But I hadn't expected him to propose to the girl.

"It was supposed to be a fling!” I said, exasperated all over again. “Chandler was supposed to lose interest when he realized this wasn't a Montague-Capulet situation. This wasn't supposed to be permanent!"

“And now things have changed.” Hudson turned to face me, then dropped his boxers to the floor. "She's different now. We don't have anything to be concerned about." He walked into the shower, and even if he didn’t mean for it to be, it felt like he intended it to be an end to the conversation.

"But you don't know that she's different now," I shouted after him. "You’re just guessing. She didn’t do anything to show you that she’s different."

"She fell in love," he called through the steam. “That changes people. You know that.”

"Or she's playing like she fell in love." Which felt a lot more likely to me. Women like Celia didn’t fall in love. They played long games. And this was her longest one yet. I was certain.

Hudson stuck his head out of the shower. "Come here."

I folded my arms across my chest and leaned back against the counter stubbornly. "Why?"

"Just do it."

I never could deny him when he talked to me in that commanding way. With a reluctant frown, I trudged toward him, weighted down by my fears.

When I was close enough, he pulled me into the walk-in shower with him.

“Hudson! I’m in my nightgown!” I shrieked, as the water from the rainfall showerhead poured over me.

“It’s covered with spit up.”

As if that was the reason he’d brought me in here. To wash my baby-stained clothing.

I glowered at him while he wrestled the nightdress over my head and tossed it to the shower floor behind us. That was better. With the physical weight of the wet clothing gone, it somehow felt like part of the weight of my anxiety had disappeared too.

The hot water beating down on my tense muscles probably helped.

And the way Hudson was rubbing the knot at the base of my neck.

I tilted my head to give him better access, even though I knew full well what he was doing. “You’re trying to distract me. You think I’m acting crazy. That I’m obsessing over this whole Chandler and Genevieve getting married thing and worrying too much about Celia.”

“Are you?”

I thought about it longer than I needed to. It was what I’d been thinking about when he’d walked in on me. What I’d been thinking about all night long. “I don’t know. I can’t tell.”

He circled around behind me and moved his massage to both shoulders. “I’m not worried about it.”

I couldn’t see his eyes now to see if he was lying. Not that he would lie to me—he didn’t do that anymore. The only reason I wondered about his response was because, in my opinion, he should be lying. He should be worried. I would have been worried if I were him. After what I’d put him through the last six months.

But also, I was grateful that he wasn’t concerned. Because until I’d heard the news yesterday about Celia becoming a family member, I was pretty sure myself that I’d gotten better.

And it was pretty fucking amazeballs that my husband still believed in me.

I leaned back into his hands. “If you aren’t trying to distract me,” I asked, my eyes closed, “then why did you drag me in here?”

“Because I do think you need to give yourself a break. Stop being so hard on yourself. Make time for the things you enjoy—your books, your movies. Your husband.” He pressed the full length of his body against mine, and if I hadn’t caught his meaning from his words, I certainly didn’t miss the familiar ridge of his erection against the base of my spine.

“It’s been five days,” I laughed, amused at how his tone suggested it had been five months.

“That’s even longer than I’d thought.” He pulled my hair to one side and nibbled at my ear.

Honestly, he was right—I hadn’t made enough time for me. For him. It was hard with three kids under four, but I was on an extended maternity leave from The Sky Launch, and I had nannies. There was no excuse for not being with him more often when we both wanted it. When we met, the idea of going five hours without his hands on me was unthinkable, let alone five days.

Besides, I did tend to obsess less when I was distracted. Especially when I was distracted by him.

The point was further made when his arms curled around me, one snaking down past my once flat stomach to sweep his fingers over the round bud of my clit.

I sighed into his body, instantly becoming aroused. He could do that to me. I was Pavlov. I knew the reward that followed the ding of the bell.

“That’s it,” he murmured at my ear.

I responded in kind, rubbing my ass along his stiff cock. “I miss you.”

“Tell me I’m right,” he coaxed. “Tell me you want it. Tell me you deserve it.” He stooped behind me so that his crown nudged between my legs. “Tell me you aren’t going to forget about taking care of yourself again.”

“You’re right I want it I deserve it I’ll take care of myself now hurry please Hudson please.” It came out as one long run-on sentence, my orgasm already beginning to peak just from his nimble fingers.

I didn’t have to ask again. Without letting up on his manipulation of my clit, he angled himself and shoved in, filling me completely with one stroke. He’d been inside me so many times now, he could find the way easily, and still, his first thrust always felt like an exquisite invasion. No matter how well I thought I remembered what the pulse of his cock would feel like against my walls, it never failed to be a million times better.

I told him as much with an indecipherable whimper.

“I know,” he groaned. “You feel good to me too, precious.” He pulled out and pushed in again, fucking me in earnest. “I love it when you let me be good to you.”

I turned my head toward him, my lips parted, and he caught me in a fierce kiss. “Why is it we don’t do this every day again, H?” I asked when he let go of my mouth to suck my jaw.

“I believe the reason is called children.”

“Shh. Don’t talk about them. I’m about to come, and I don’t want to make it weird.”

He took my mouth with his again, ending conversation altogether, and deepened his massage on my clit so that I was exploding a moment later, my knees buckling, rivers of warmth shooting through my limbs.

I was still shuddering when Hudson grunted out his own orgasm.

He held me for several minutes after, letting his breathing settle while I ran my hand along his morning scruff. This felt nice. If I could really have everything I wanted, I’d have him cancel his day and continue holding me just like this.

But Hudson Pierce had an empire to run. Sex in the shower would have to do.

“It’s been a while since you’ve fucked me good morning,” I said, turning to face him when he let go of me. “Thank you.”

“My pleasure. Though I’m hoping it’s not quite good morning for you. Do you think you’ll be able to sleep now?” He reached for the body wash and poured a dollop in his palm before gently working it over my breasts and torso.

I bit my lip while I considered. My head did seem quieter. Not silent—I still had worries, thoughts chattering about Celia and my sanity and our children and...other things—but all of it came through in a fog now. If I couldn’t sleep, it wasn’t for Hudson’s lack of trying.

Still, I needed more reassuring. “Tell me again I’m not crazy and that you’d never let anything happen to any of us?”

He finished washing between my legs before he pulled me to him and wrapped his arms around my waist. “I’m not going to tell you that you aren’t crazy, Alayna. But I love you no matter what you are, with all that I am. And there is no way in hell that I’ll let Celia Fasbender, or anyone, for that matter, ever hurt you or our children. I swear on my life.”

“Okay. Then I can sleep.”

It didn't matter if he was lying. All that mattered was that I believed him.





2





Hudson





I hadn't lied to her.

There was nothing I wouldn’t do to ensure the protection of her and the children. Pierce Industries was kept as tight as a federal building. Background checks were double and triple performed for my staff and those we hired in our home. My wife wasn’t aware, but we had a security team that looked over us twenty-four hours a day. Additionally, the penthouse had a state-of-the-art alarm system, and I’d paid for an update to both the building we lived in and The Sky Launch when Alayna had been on bedrest with the twins. She might be the one who fixated, but I was a stickler for attention to detail myself.

We were safe. All of us. There was nothing and no one coming after us.

Still, my stomach churned as I rode the elevator up to my office.

Alayna’s anxiety didn't often incite my own, but Celia was a dragon from the past. And the past, though a foe long ago defeated, had a way of creeping up behind me out of the blue at times, breathing down my neck, reminding me of the man I once was. The man I’d vowed to never be again.

I could be him again, if I had to. To protect what was mine.

Could I pull myself back if I started down that path again? I couldn’t be certain.

Today, though, there was no need, and I was a different Hudson Pierce.

"Your schedule is already up on your screen," Patricia said, standing from her desk to open my office door as I stepped out onto my floor. She followed me in, taking my umbrella and coat automatically. "Norma asked to be buzzed when you arrived. Shall I?"

This morning’s meeting was set early, and I was arriving just on time. I glanced at my watch. Maybe a little past on time. Unlike me, but considering the cause, I was not regretful. "Yes, buzz her. And coffee?"

"Already brewed." She hung my coat in my closet as she spoke, then turned to Taylor Madison, my public relations lead, and my younger brother Chandler, who was finishing up a call on his cell. Both had been in the lobby waiting and followed me in.

Taylor immediately went to sit on the couch in the spot that Norma usually took for herself.

"Ms. Madison?" Patricia asked, already poised to prepare our mugs.

"Black, please."

"Chandler?"

I smirked, never tiring that my brother was the one person my secretary refused to address formally.

"Cream and sugar, Trish. Thanks." He tucked his cell in his jacket pocket then undid the single button as he sat down next to Taylor.

Cream and sugar. He was such a child.

A child who was marrying into Celia’s family. Not for the first time, I wondered if he had what it took.

I finished tucking my briefcase under my desk, glanced at the schedule on my screen—it was a full day—then walked over to take my place in the armchair at the head of the seating area. By that time, Patricia had returned with a tray of mugs. Norma Anders, my financial advisor, followed behind her with a coffee cup already in one hand, a file folder in her other. Prepared. Ready. Unflappable. Now there was someone who could handle Celia.

“Let’s get started,” I said as soon as she closed the door. “Multiple allegations of sexual harassment at one of our clubs. Let’s discuss solutions.”

She walked over to the loveseat opposite Chandler and Taylor, and before sitting, nodded at Jordan, my chief security advisor who had slipped in at some point and was seated in the other armchair.

I hadn’t noticed him walk in, which was, I supposed, the point. I only hired the best, and that Jordan was.

"He's here?" Norma asked, a brow raised. "You must be worried about potential backlash."

A hickey on Patricia’s neck distracted me as she bent to hand me my coffee. She’d left her usually-kept-up hair down today. This must have been the reason. I appreciated her attempt at hiding it—if only because I didn’t like accidentally imagining her with Nathan Sinclair, the man who most likely put the hickey there. He was part owner of the advertising firm I used, and I hated mixing business with pleasure. Even when it was my secretary’s pleasure.

As she moved on to hand mugs to the others, I focused on Norma’s question. "I'm not worried about backlash, per se, but I think the situation warrants a look at the security angle." I didn't mention that Jordan had asked to be included on meetings such as this. There were very few people who knew he had cause to be investigating anything at all, and I wanted to keep it that way.

"If you say so," Norma shrugged. She set her coffee on the table then opened up her file and distributed copies from inside before taking a seat, smoothing her hand over her pant-suit clad leg when she did.

"You can never be too prepared. Better security could have prevented a lot of this. I happen to think it's a wise decision on your part, Hudson," Taylor said, always eager to refute Norma when she had the chance.

"Of course you do," Norma said, recognizing the younger woman's ass-kissing for what it was. She circled her gaze around the room. "I've drawn up varying cost estimates based on each potential scenario. Option A is the least expensive, where we attempt to settle out of court with the accusers. You can read on all the way through to option F which includes all of that plus a complete overhaul and rebranding of the Adora nightclub. Obviously, this last is the most expensive."

Chandler flipped the page of the handout. "Yikes!"

I lifted the bottom of my top sheet to see the number underneath. "As always, it costs the most to do the right thing."

Since it was the first I’d voiced any opinion at all on which route to take, Taylor saw that as an opportunity to make it her agenda. "It might be the most expensive, Hudson, but, like you said, it is the right thing. In today's social climate, you cannot ignore accusations of sexual assault. Even if you pay these women lump sums and have them sign NDAs, they can come back to haunt you. At the very least, you should go with option C. Fire the current management and put out a statement saying that Pierce Industries believes women."

"You'd lose a few weeks of income, or however long it would take to replace the nightclub’s managers," Norma conceded. "It is the second best option, financially speaking, and because social statements can have long-term financial implications, it may actually be the most cost-effective in the long run.” She looked directly at me. “If I may ignore my position for a moment, Hudson—"

"Go on." She was going to whether I gave her permission or not.

"As of now, the scandal has only made local news. Do the right thing. Get the managers out. But even if you don’t issue a statement, there is potential that people will talk and the truth will come out. You’ll risk national headlines, and if you don’t come out in front of it, it will seem like you’re covering it up, which could—”

"I agree completely,” Taylor jumped in, eagerly trying to preach on what was supposed to be her soapbox. “And furthermore—"

Norma narrowed her eyes, unwilling to be interrupted before she was finished. "—which could damage your financial bottom line irreparably. I think your best bet, though most expensive in the short run, would be to be transparent with your firings.”

"I agree, but there’s also going to be immediate backlash if you try to continue business as usual, even if you’ve fired the offending managers. There were too many people involved.” Taylor pushed a blonde strand of hair behind her ear. "Do the statement, do the firings, but you should also shut down for a while. Say that you’re doing a complete investigation, and you won’t open again until you’re confident the entire problem has been washed clean. Then, do a complete overhaul of the building and the brand. Open again in a year as a higher end club when the whole thing is forgotten."

I sat back in my chair, considering. She made a good point, but the skyrocketing cost she proposed wouldn’t just be financial. "If we close the place down and do a rebrand, that's going to be jobs lost for everyone who works there, including the women who have come forward about harassment."

“Severance packages for everyone but the three main managers,” Taylor offered, making Norma grimace.

"Who are the managers being accused again?" Chandler asked. He’d brought out his phone once more, and I couldn’t be sure if he was taking notes or playing Candy Crush.

It was a fifty-fifty shot either way.

"Steve Wolf, Jeffrey Bannon, and David Lindt,” I answered.

"David used to be at The Sky Launch," Norma commented. "Did Alayna have any thoughts about this whole thing?"

"I didn't want to bother her with the scandal," I answered honestly. I had wondered about it though. About David and how he'd once upon a time made moves on my then-girlfriend. If Alayna hadn't been the type of person she’d been, hadn't been so desperate for attention and affection, would she have thought his behavior was inappropriate rather than welcomed? As his boss, did I consider the way he’d behaved toward her inappropriate?

I did, but it was admittedly hard for me to separate my perspective as her husband from that of his boss when reflecting on the matter.

And as her husband, I didn’t really want to discuss her former lover with my wife.

But I didn't have to do that in this case. Other women were saying he'd been inappropriate. That his two assistants had also been inappropriate. That all three men had assaulted employees on various occasions at my Atlantic City nightclub.

And that was all I needed to hear.

"Fire the three accused. We'll offer severance packages to everyone who is being laid off, and encourage them to re-apply down the road. It's time to rebrand and put new life into that nightclub anyway. Sales have been sluggish under David's management for some time. This is a good opportunity to regroup. Besides, it will take us a while to find a qualified person to take over."

"I'll prepare a statement," Taylor said excitedly.

I nodded in approval.

"Alrighty," Norma said, but she was smiling. "Expensive, but I'm sure it will pay off. Any leads on who you’d like to hire for the position? The sooner you start looking, the cheaper the transition will be."

"Chandler,” I waited until I was sure I had his attention. “I'm putting you in charge of finding someone to take over and rebrand Adora. Start with figuring out a new vision for the place before you search for a manager." If the last year hadn't been what it had, I'd have suggested Alayna. This was exactly up her alley, and I felt a twinge of guilt for not getting her on the phone right then.

But there were ways in which my wife required protection that went beyond security systems and bodyguards.

So I gave Chandler another name. "Try contacting Satcher Rutherford. His family owns a chain of international nightclubs that are doing really well right now. He should have someone for you. He doesn't like me very much, though, so you might want to leave me out of it."

"Do I want to know?" Chandler asked.

I hesitated. Even if it were just my brother and I in the room, Chandler didn't know much about my days of manipulation and scheming. I found I liked it better that way. One person in my family, at least, could look at me without seeing the long shadow my past cast over me. "You don't."

I stood and addressed the room. “Thank you for meeting so early, everyone. You each have tasks. You’re dismissed.”

Jordan had one too, though I hadn’t said it aloud. He would follow up to make sure that no one involved in this incident would become a threat.

Everyone began to disperse.

"Chandler," I called after my brother, gesturing for him to hang back.

I paused until everyone had left before going on. "What happened to waiting a few years?" This was the first chance I'd had to speak to him alone since he’d delivered his wedding news, and, sure, I'd been engaged to Alayna within a few months of meeting her, but Chandler was different. Chandler wasn't me.

He stuck his hands in his pockets and smirked. "What happened to congratulations?"

"I said that yesterday."

"And I said we'd wait last year. Times change, bro. We were ready to settle down sooner than we thought we would be. And no, she’s not pregnant, so don’t even ask."

I’d been about to ask.

Frankly, I didn't have any problems with his union, save for the distress it was causing my wife. Although I didn’t envy my brother the pleasure of Celia’s company, I wasn’t convinced she was overly involved in their relationship. I tilted my head to study him. "What does Genevieve's father think about this?" The British businessman had given me the impression of being very protective.

"He's oddly supportive. He's even throwing us an engagement party." He toggled his head from side to side. "Well, Celia is throwing us an engagement party. But it was Edward’s idea."

My skin pricked at the sound of her name, but the information was useful. "Is she, now? How very thoughtful." Perhaps she was more invested than I’d thought. I could feel my jaw tense as I calculated the costs and benefits of getting involved.

"Hudson?"

"Hmm?"

"If you don't need me anymore, I really need to get on the Adora rebrand and tracking down this Satcher Waterford…"

"Rutherford," I corrected. "You're free to go." I didn't miss the scowl he shot me. He didn’t like it when I treated him like my employee.

I chuckled to myself. Truth was, I enjoyed riling him up. Likely as much as he enjoyed riling me up.

Not that I'd ever tell him.

"Oh, and shut the door on your way out." It was probably the lack of the word please that earned me his middle finger. But he did shut the door.

Once he was gone, I circled around to my desk and sat in the chair behind it. My hand hovered over the phone a few seconds before I decided I didn't want to involve Patricia in this call. Instead, I reached for my cell phone from my suit jacket pocket, pulled up the contact I needed, and hit the button to dial the number.

"Hudson, what an unexpected surprise." Celia's warm honey tone filled my ear like sweet poison, sending a shot of familiarity and dread down my spine. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"

I couldn't remember the last time I'd spoken to her privately like this, and because I’d years ago sworn to end all communication with Celia, it was arguably a betrayal to my wife.

I reminded myself I was doing this for Alayna.

"I hear you're throwing an engagement party for the kids," I said, my voice steady and in control despite the tap, tap, tap of my finger on my armchair.

"Word gets around quick. We haven't even set a date yet.” She was moving, walking as she spoke, perhaps comforting her infant daughter. I could hear the baby quietly gurgling in the background. It was a sound I recognized easily these days. “Isn't the news fantastic? I knew those two lovebirds were meant for each other the minute I heard they were dating."

Sure, she did.

While I no longer feared my old friend the way that Alayna did, neither did I trust her. I’d known her far too long for that.

"I can't speak to the wisdom of my brother’s romantic notions," I said, carefully, "but he does seem sincere in his intent to marry Genevieve. Therefore, I’m presuming this party of yours will be the first of many occasions that our families will have reason to attend an event together."

"And this concerns you?" Through the receiver I couldn't tell if she sounded bored or if she was two steps ahead of me.

"Concerned is putting it a bit harshly." I wasn't about to give her the upper hand. Wasn't about to let on that either Alayna or I was worried about her. "I'm more interested in everyone's comfort."

"Ah, I see. I suppose it wouldn't do to have any catfights spoiling the mood. Not fair to the kids. I’ll be sure to seat you and Laynie, as well as Jack and Sophia, far from me, if that reassures you." She sounded nearly gleeful that she might be the cause of a problem.

Perhaps I’d given her too much credit when I’d said she’d changed.

"That doesn't mean stuffing us in the back, either, Celia. We are Chandler's family."

"Oh, Huds, what do you take me for? I would never do that. I want the party to be fabulous. Something everyone talks about. I’m not going to ruin anything on purpose."

Right. On purpose. But I knew what people talking meant—drama.

"Then you'll let me see the seating chart beforehand?"

"Definitely. Once we've selected the date and picked out a venue."

She was being awfully amiable, which put me on guard.

It also made me reconsider. Maybe I’d been right the first time. Maybe she had changed. It was silly to think that she hadn’t. Ridiculous to think that, after all this time, now that she was married and had stepchildren and a baby of her own, that she’d risk all that to destroy my happiness.

Still, there was more than one reason why I could never be too sure where she was concerned.

"I appreciate your cooperation," I said, throwing her a bone.

"Any time. We’re family now. Practically,” she purred.

Again, my skin pricked. "I have to say, I'm surprised you’re still in the States. I’d have thought that you and Edward would've returned to England by now. You said you wanted to raise your child there, and since the merger with Werner Media was denied and the three point alliance has been established between our businesses, there’s nothing for you here." The decision to deny the merger had been mine. Instead, I’d agreed to an alliance between Pierce Industries, Werner Media, and Accelecom, the company Celia’s husband owned. I still held the controlling interest in Werner Media, the company her father had founded, which gave me the upper hand in the relationship, and I didn’t let her forget it.

"Isn't it great that we’ve decided to stay, though? Or we wouldn't be here for all the celebrating." She knew what I wanted to know. This was a game for her.

I didn’t play games anymore. "That wasn't what I was hoping to elicit from my comment."

"You want to know when I'm leaving. Well, I’m not. Not without a bigger piece of Werner."

"Oh, really,” I scoffed. She had to be joking. “And why would I give you a bigger piece of Werner Media?”

“I never said that we were looking to get it from you.”

My muscles tensed as I sat up in my chair. “Oh?”

"Don't act all casual about it, Huds. We both know this is a big deal between us."

Big deal was an understatement. There were other shareholders with stock in Werner Media. It was possible that they’d found someone who wanted to sell, possible even that they could buy enough shares to overtake my majority. Controlling interest was the one thing I had over her. It ensured my family’s freedom from her machinations. It let Alayna sleep at night. If she bought me out, I lost every bit of the power I’d used to keep her in her place for the last six years.

It was possible I didn’t need it anymore, but was I ready to risk that?

"We’re willing to buy from you, though," she added, spinning the tables again.

"That's not happening. Give control to you and your husband? Why would I do that?"

Was this why she’d been so amiable? Because she wanted something?

"We’re not asking for control,” Celia answered. “We’re asking for equal shares bought at full price. Equal footing in our three-point alliance. We each come to this partnership with a company and stock in Werner, and those shares should be distributed fairly. It’s the only way to move on, if we want this feud truly to be over."

She had a point. If she was being honest. If she’d grown and matured and stopped with the schemes.

But if she hadn’t...

"I'll think about it," I said, genuinely. I’d think about it for my sake, to determine how it could benefit me, not her. I’d think about Alayna.

"Thank you, Huds. I appreciate your cooperation," she parroted my earlier words.

Considering the betrayal and secrets and dishonesty that ran through the Werner and Pierce lives, I figured it was only appropriate to parrot her back. "Any time. We’re family now. Practically.”

If only it didn't feel like that was exactly what Celia had always wanted.





3





Alayna





The first words out of Gwen's mouth when she stepped into the foyer of the penthouse were, "I'm sorry."

I didn't have to ask why she was apologizing. The reason was obvious. It was her day off, and she'd come over to brainstorm some ideas with me. I hadn’t expected that she would be coming with a baby carrier on one arm and a toddler slung over her other hip.

The look on her face said she hadn't expected to be bringing her children either.

Working mom life was full of these surprises, I’d learned.

"No worries," I said, shifting Holden to my other arm so I could reach for Theo, her squirming three-year-old. "Maya?" I called out to the nanny on duty. "Could you—?"

Before I'd finished the sentence, Maya had peeked her head out of the nursery, her own arms empty. "Oh my goodness. Coming." She hurried toward us. "Brett’s just gone down for her nap."

"And Holden is out too, if you want to put him down, and then come back for these two?" I handed my baby over, careful not to wake him.

"Sure thing." She trundled off with my baby in hand.

"I'm sorry," Gwen repeated, setting the carrier on the floor and bending down so she could take Braden out. "JC was going to watch all of them. Since we both have Mondays off, we don't have the nanny, but then Jake got sick, so JC had to take him to the doctor, and here I am, schlepping kids over to your house." She paused, smiling as she gazed downwards. "Hey, look at that. Braden's asleep too."

"I'll put the carrier in the nursery then," Maya said, having quietly returned for a fresh batch of children. "Theo, you want to come help me put together some of Mina’s puzzles? She's at day camp right now, but I'm sure she won't mind."

I winked at the caretaker as she lifted the baby carrier and escorted the little boy down the hall.

Then I turned back to Gwen. "We have so many babies," I groaned. "How did this happen?"

"I keep asking myself the same thing," Gwen said with a grin. "But they’re so cute."

My mind drifted back to the morning sex in the shower. I was on birth control again, and hadn't gotten pregnant easily either of the times I'd carried to full term. But twice Gwen had gotten pregnant while on some form of birth control. Sometimes just being around her I felt fertile.

"We could've rescheduled, you know," I said, walking with her into the living room. "Today wasn't urgent." I didn't bother offering her anything to eat or drink before plopping down on the couch. We were so comfortable around each other now, I knew she'd help herself if she wanted anything. Besides, having kids meant snacks were easily within reach anywhere in the apartment.

"I know it's not urgent, but I need your advice, and I didn’t want to talk about this by text.” She sank down on the opposite end of the couch. "And I definitely didn’t want to talk about this by phone in case Hudson was around."

I’d been eager for her to come over so we could dive into our project, but now I was one hundred percent sidetracked. “Geez, way to pique my curiosity. Hit me. The doctor is in.”

“Okay.” She clapped her hands together and put them up to her mouth. “Okay,” she said again from behind them.

She was nervous about telling me. Gwen didn’t get nervous about telling me anything.

“Oh, fuck, you’re not pregnant, are you?” I’d be nervous about telling me that too.

“No! God, no. I’m still breastfeeding Braden.” Although with her history, that wasn’t necessarily a deterrent.

“Then what is it?” I sat forward, knee bouncing with anticipation.

“Remember how last year Mirabelle told us she’d heard about these sex parties around town? The anonymous, masquerade, private kink parties that required exclusive invites because most of the guests were elite upper class, important people? Famous people? People that don’t want their kinks in the gossip columns?”

“Yes, but you know half of what she hears from her clients is bullshit rumors.”

“Right, right.” She nodded in agreement, probably remembering the unlikely story passed down from Hudson’s sister regarding a prominent figure at the White House and two very famous adult film stars. “But. This time, the rumor isn’t so much a rumor anymore. JC got an invite.”

“What.” It was more of a dumbfounded statement than a question.

“Yep. Exactly what I said.” She put her hands in her lap and started rubbing them up and down her legs where they were bare below her romper. “This guy who sometimes co-invests in projects with JC got us the invitation. Honestly, I think he has a thing for my husband—maybe for both of us? And is probably hoping for a threesome, which JC said no way to already. Not that I asked! He doesn’t share, and neither do I, but you don’t have to have sex if you go to one of these things.”

“You mean, you could just go and...watch?”

“Yeah. Just watch. Like a live porno.” Her face flushed as though she were thinking about it. Or maybe she was simply embarrassed.

I tried to imagine it too—strangers cozying up to one another while I looked on—and sure enough, I felt my body warm. “That’s hot.” Her face relaxed as though she’d been nervous to hear my response.

“So hot. JC thinks so too.”

Now I tried to imagine Hudson with me at a party like that. He’d never last as a voyeur for more than a couple of minutes. And he’d never expose too much of me to anyone else. He’d either find a corner and a smooth, obscure way to get under my skirt or he’d be pulling me out of the room before the stars of the show made it to anything good.

Maybe sex parties weren’t for us. We had enough passion on our own. Didn’t we?

But from Gwen’s stories, my friend and her husband were into more adventurous fornication. It made me wonder if Hudson and I were in a rut.

“Are you going to go?” I asked, hoping like mad she would so she could report back.

“I don’t know! That’s why I need your advice!”

“Let’s talk it through.” Usually it was Gwen who was the rational one, but I’d learned a trick or two from her over the years. “Pros and cons. Pros—go.”

“It would be fun, an experience, spice up our love life—not that it needs it.” She easily rattled off the advantages without even having to think, suggesting she’d already thought a lot about this. “Could learn some new tricks. Make me feel young. Could meet new people.”

“Those are great. What are the cons?”

“I hate people. Why would I want to meet more of them?”

I laughed out loud.

Her expression grew serious. “What if JC was attracted to another woman? All those hot naked girls in front of him?”

“He’s always dealt with business around naked women, and he’s only ever had eyes for you.”

“I’ve popped three babies out. I have a scar from my c-section. Two words: stretch marks.”

“Pfft. You know how devoted that man is to you.”

“Yeah. I do.”

She was quiet a moment, and so I asked the question I should have asked first, “Do you want to go to a kinky sex party?”

I could tell from her eyes that the answer was yes. But she mulled it over for a few minutes then threw herself back across the couch arm. “This is stupid, isn’t it? I shouldn’t even be entertaining the idea.”

I frowned. “Why the hell not?”

“I’m a respectable woman. I’m a mother of three. I should be responsible.”

“That’s right, you are a respectable woman.” I almost had to hold myself back, I felt so strongly about this. “And because you respect yourself, you should give yourself what you want. You should do something for yourself—and your husband. Something that isn’t at all about your identity as a mother. Is that really all you exist for now? To feed and clothe and protect and shuttle around these little humans? Yes, they’re important, but if you start acting like the only part of yourself that you’re obliged to is your motherly side, you’re not going to be any good for them. You need to be a complete person, whole and entire, and, by damn, that means going to a sex party and watching other people kink it up if that’s what fills your cup.”

She folded her arms over her chest and smiled at me. “Thank you. I knew that, but I needed to hear it.”

I shrugged with one shoulder like it was no big deal. “And I need you to go to a party and tell me all the details after.”

“I’m still getting up the nerve, but, for sure, if I go, I’ll tell you everything.” She sat up. “Is that why this project is so important to you? So you’ll be whole and entire?”

I thought about it. Was my work that important to me, or was it that I desperately wanted to be seen outside of my role as a family woman? “Maybe? It drives me. Good or bad, I can’t ignore it.”

“Well, I think it’s good. And that’s the other reason I needed to see you today—I have news.”

My heart started pounding with excitement. "Tell me!"

"Okay. So. I got definite confirmation that Lee Chong is looking to sell all three floors of the space adjacent to The Sky Launch."

My mouth and eyes went wide, and the sound that came out of me bordered on a squeal. This was exactly what we needed.

"He doesn't want to actually sell until January though," Gwen said, cautioning me. "For tax reasons or whatever. But he’s willing to do an under-the-table negotiation before that, and let work begin. Maybe do a rent-to-own kind of a thing."

If she still had more to say, I wasn't listening now. I was definitely squeaking. "Oh my God, oh my God! He's really willing to do this? You think he’d really sell to us? We could really expand The Sky Launch?"

"It sounds like it's a pretty good possibility!"

"Holy crapola." I ran my hand through my hair, letting myself acknowledge that I was one step closer to putting my big project into action. "Wait, how do you know this? Did he tell you? Have you spoken to him directly?"

She shook her head. "Liesl. Apparently she's banging his kid."

"Lee Chong has a son?" I didn't know anything about my neighbor. The man owned the property but he'd rented it out for restaurants and event space. It wasn’t like he'd ever actually been on the premises.

"No, but he has a daughter," Gwen smiled suggestively.

"Man, Leisl sure has a lot of fun. Did we have that much fun when we were single?" Good for her. Not that I was jealous. But I did miss working the club with her so I could hear her stories.

"I couldn't tell you. It was too long ago now." We sighed, wistfully remembering our younger days. Then she said, "So tell me what you're thinking you want to do with the place. I've been itching to see your plans."

"I’ve got them right here." I pulled my laptop off the coffee table and flipped open the screen. The drawings I had were already queued up, along with a secret Pinterest board full of different clubs I'd used for inspiration. "It's obviously not very accurate, and it’s just in the beginning stages, since we don't have floor plans or specs or anything. But this is what I'm thinking."

I spent the next hour showing her how I wanted to open up a restaurant next door, continuing the DJ theme. The Sky Launch had gotten too crowded with both food service and dancing, and the two needed to be separated. The bubble rooms still remained a high level interest, though, so I imagined a similar design in the new space. Then, for the third floor, a café/bar with a small selection of vinyl records on sale. A more classic, casual vibe, as opposed to the ultra-modern spaces beneath.

"This is all incredible, Laynie. Hudson is going to go bananas for it. Why don't you want to tell him yet?"

I shut my laptop with a sigh and leaned back into the sofa. "Because we both agreed I wasn't going back to work until the twins were at least eighteen months old. And they're not even a year yet."

She shrugged like it was no big deal. "So you changed your mind. He'll understand."

"Not if he doesn't think I'm well enough to go back to work."

The easy air around us grew heavier as I broached the subject of my illness.

"You mean, because of what happened after the twins were born?" she asked carefully.

"You can say it, you know. Because I went crazy." If there was one thing I’d learned in all my years of mental illness, it was that pussyfooting around it didn't make it go away. In fact, it usually did the opposite, as though denying my problems made them even more eager to be noticed.

Gwen crossed her arms and frowned at me. "No, I'm not going to say you went crazy. You had a change of hormones that occurred from being pregnant and then not being pregnant. Which was exacerbated by having twins. A lot of women deal with postpartum depression and OCD. It doesn't make you crazy."

She sounded like my therapist, Dr. Joy. "Crazy thoughts. Not a crazy person."

"Fine," I smiled begrudgingly. "I was being melodramatic. But sometimes it brings levity to the situation. You sound like you've done your homework. Researching up on it." I felt sort of guilty, not having invited Gwen to any of my counseling sessions. My therapist always encouraged me to bring loved ones if needed, to help them understand exactly what I was facing.

But while I knew she was there for me, and I had believed in being head-on with my issues, it was still sometimes hard to imagine my friend seeing me at my worst. It had been enough for me that she knew the basics.

"I wanted to understand," she said, nonchalantly. "And you aren't really sharing. You want to talk about it now? What it was like?"

No, I didn't want to talk about it.

And I did at the same time.

In some ways, talking about it confirmed it was over, a thing of the past, not something I was currently living through anymore. Unless I was wrong. Unless Celia was triggering me again.

I rolled my neck from one side to the other, suddenly aware of how tense my shoulders were. "I guess it was like most of the other times when I got crazy—" I corrected myself. "When I obsessed over someone. Except this time I was fixated on the twins. I worried if they were eating enough. If they were clean enough. I washed their clothes so many times that some onesies fell apart after they'd only worn them a couple of times. Their bottles never seemed clean enough, and I'd buy new ones, and put them in the sterilizer, and then be convinced that the sterilizer wasn't working, and then I'd order a new sterilizer. I don't even know how many sterilizers we bought. Poor Maya, I yelled at her to scrub everything ‘better.’ Disinfect everything ‘better.’ Do everything ‘better.’ I’m lucky she still wants to work for me."

I didn't mention the intrusive thoughts, constant worries that I would hurt them somehow, accidentally. That I'd maybe choke them with my breast while I was nursing. That I'd maybe slip and drop them while I was carrying them. That I might accidentally smother them with their blanket. Those thoughts were nonstop, like movies that played over and over in my head, on the screen even when other people were talking to me, even while performing other tasks, even when I smiled and pretended everything was fine.

Same face, different person underneath. The other Alayna.

"Every mother has a certain amount of those feelings," Gwen said, in that thin voice that indicated she didn't quite know what else to say. I couldn’t blame her. This was exactly why I hadn’t invited her to counseling. I didn’t love the way people looked at me when they knew how my mind worked.

"Right. They do. It's natural, to an extent. But normally, our brains will have the thought, decide it's an incorrect thought, and dispose of it. My brain got stuck there." Fixated to the point of exhaustion. "The breaking point was when I showed up at Hudson's office with both twins strapped to me, my hair a mess, no makeup. No bra. Leaking milk through my T-shirt. Hysterical because I was suddenly convinced that the penthouse wasn't safe enough. And we needed to move. Right. Then."

Hudson had seen it then. If he'd been too exhausted himself to not notice before or if he'd been in denial, I wasn't sure, but as soon as it clicked, he acted immediately. He canceled his entire day and arranged for a therapist to meet me in the loft.

He canceled his entire month, actually. He’d done everything for me. He was everything for me.

"So now, I have medication and therapy, and a second nanny, and it’s like none of that ever happened. I'm much, much better." I was much better.

Why didn't I sound more confident when I said it?

Because I worried my fixation had merely changed course.

"You look better, too. And you're obviously thinking pretty clearly to be able to come up with this amazing plan for The Sky Launch." She leaned forward, bracing her elbows on her knees. "Maybe working has been good for you. Maybe the time off was more of a detriment than a help."

"I agree. With all the help around here, I've been bored out of my mind." We both laughed, because it was sort of funny. That any woman with two kids under one could be bored out of her mind. Only another mother could understand the exhaustion of chasing children all day, and the simultaneous tedium of not being intellectually challenged.

"Then Hudson is going to totally understand, Laynie. You just need to tell him. Tell him what you're thinking. Come back to work officially."

I did feel horrible keeping it from my husband, especially when we'd promised no more secrets between us. It was additionally terrible to make Gwen part of the cover-up when her family had dinner with ours every Thursday night. Forcing her to keep my secret was an awful friend move.

And Hudson would support me. He'd always supported me in my work.

If I was truly well.

And there was the sticking point.

"What are you not telling me?" Gwen could read me like a book.

"I do feel better, but there are some things I'm still obsessing over. I guess that's the right term for it. Like…” I hesitated before giving voice to my latest thoughts. “Did you hear about Chandler and Genevieve? Their engagement?"

"He proposed? He said when they moved in together that he was going to wait at least a year!" She shook her head. "That boy has it hard, doesn't he?"

I supposed she wasn't to be expected to jump to the same issues that I had at the announcement. She didn’t have a past with Celia. She had a past with Chandler. Her thoughts weren’t even in the same arena as mine.

"I do think they’re really in love. I'm not doubting that. Just, a marriage means that now we're going to be tied to Genevieve's family. And Genevieve's father is married to…" God, I didn't even want to say her name.

"Oh. Right." Her body sagged as she understood the situation. "And you're worrying about Celia interfering with your life?"

"It seems ridiculous, I know. She has a baby now. I'm sure she's preoccupied with motherhood. And her husband. And probably never thinks about us." My stomach twisted and writhed, like snakes in the bottom of a basket. "But what if I'm wrong? I have more children than her, and I manage to find plenty of time to brood. What if she is still obsessed with us? What if we're not safe from her?"

She nodded. "But that doesn't sound necessarily like crazy thinking. That's more just... history."

That wasn’t exactly comforting.

In my experience, history had a way of repeating itself.





4





Hudson





My phone rang as the limo pulled up to the curb in front of the Bowery. Since I'd had to leave the office early, I hadn't driven to work. We'd be needing the large car later. It didn't make sense to swap out vehicles. Besides, my inner workaholic relished putting in just that much more time handling business before going off-duty. These days, I refused to let much of anything take my evenings away from the kids and my wife, but that meant getting less accomplished in a day than I liked to.

I answered the call. "Jordan, hang on a moment." I put the phone against my chest while I gave instructions to the driver. "Once you're back here with Mirabelle, text me. Alayna and I will be waiting in the lobby. We’re already running late."

I grabbed my briefcase, stepped out of the car, and resumed the call as I strode into the building. "Why haven't I heard from you sooner?"

"Because you aren't going to like what I have to say," Jordan answered, point-blank.

"You found something?" My pulse sped up a notch.

"No, just the opposite. I have gone through—"

"Mr. Pierce," the doorman called after me as I rushed past him.

"Hold on again, Jordan." I tried to keep the irritation out of my face, and voice, as I turned back to the doorman. "Yes?"

"Someone left this for you earlier."

I snatched the envelope out of his hand, not bothering to read it before continuing on my way to the elevators. I was eager to hear what my head of security had to tell me, good news or not. "So you've narrowed down the names I've given you," I prompted Jordan.

"And I can't find anything suspicious from any of them. It's going to take some closer investigating than I can do from a distance. I'm going to need to talk to them personally to get a read on their reactions."

I closed my eyes as the elevator doors shut, wishing that the gesture could block out the ring of truth in Jordan's words. I wanted this to be easily handled.

But I knew he was right. "Do you have a plan of action? One that doesn't involve opening old wounds?" The elevator was going up but my stomach felt like it was sinking.

"I have an idea. It probably will open old wounds, but it will be safe. I'll tell you more about it on Monday. Enjoy your night at the party. Try to relax this weekend, okay?"

"Relax? What's that?" The doors opened in my penthouse foyer, and I stepped out. "How did Atlantic City go?" He’d been there since Monday's meeting, making sure none of the dismissals caused any problems.

"Everything's good. I don't foresee any problems there."

"Daddy!" Mina, dressed in a yellow ball gown from some Disney show, appeared out of nowhere and wrapped herself around my leg.

"I mean it, Pierce. Take your weekend off from this. I've got it." Without a goodbye, the line clicked, and Jordan was gone. Easier said than done, but I knew Alayna too well to think I could continue to be troubled over this without her noticing.

I also knew myself better than to think I could truly stop trying to solve the problem.

In an attempt to take his advice, I set my briefcase down, threw the envelope onto the foyer table, pocketed my cell phone, and reached down to pick up my little girl into a hug.

"Why, who is this lovely thing? I don't believe I've ever met anyone so breathtakingly beautiful."

"Daddy," Mina giggled. "It's me. It's Mina."

"Couldn't be. Mina's four years old. A little girl. She doesn't wear grown-up ball gowns. She's not a stunningly beautiful woman,” I teased her as I carried her into the living room.

"I am too! I'm wearing a costume, Daddy! It’s still me! And," she said, tilting her head and giving me an expression that made her look oh-so-very-much like her mother, "you shouldn't tell a girl that she’s beautiful all the time."

"I shouldn't?" This one truly did puzzle me. Though, seventy-five percent of what came out of her mouth puzzled me.

And delighted me.

"No. You should tell her she's smart and funny and brave and enough."

I stopped walking and gazed proudly into her chocolate brown eyes. "You are right, smart, brave, funny, more-than-enough Mina. I stand corrected." I kissed her on the forehead, and then set her on the ground. "Is that what you're going to wear on your date tonight?"

She nodded. "Mommy said I could," she added quickly, as though she thought I might object.

"Perfect choice. You’ll wow everyone with your smart, funny, brave, enough choice in clothing. Now, go find some shoes." She ran down the hall, and I glanced at my watch. By my estimation, I had just enough time to sneak in on Alayna while she was dressing. It had been a crazy five days, and I’d barely seen her between my schedule and the kids. Rather than go to a dull party in Larchmont, I would much prefer to cancel everything and take Jordan’s advice by relaxing, buried inside my wife. More than ever, I wanted her to ground me.

But we had obligations.

So I’d settle for fooling around in her closet.

I started toward our bedroom, when a high-pitched squeal pulled my attention down the hall. Brett was pushing her walker around the corner of the playroom and the piercing happy noise had been her spotting me.

She fell to her knees, abandoned her toy, and crawled fast to reach me.

I bent down to pick up my baby girl. "Hi there, moonbeam." She smacked her hands happily along my jawline, babbling dadada and a mixture of other random syllables that had become my favorite sounds in the world. "You know, you are so close to walking. I bet you could've made a couple of steps if you’d tried. All you had to do was let go of that walker. You might have fallen, but it’s going to get easier. I promise."

I rubbed my nose along her ear, inhaling her fresh baby shampoo scent before planting a series of kisses along her scalp. Selfishly, I was glad she hadn’t taken her first steps yet without me around.

"There she is," Peyton, the evening nanny said, coming out of the toy room. Holden was braced on her hip. "I look away for five minutes to change this guy’s diaper, and the other one disappears. I know I need to keep the door shut, but —"

I finished for her. "It gets stuffy in there, I know. I need to have someone come and look at the ventilation in the room. Remind me to do that, please. Are you feeling better?" Part of the reason that week had been crazy was that she had been out with a virus.

"Much. Thanks for asking. If you’ll hand her over, it's dinner time."

I passed off Brett, making sure to say hello to my son before the three of them headed to the kitchen. Again, I checked my watch. Still good.

This time I made it to the threshold of our bedroom before the front buzzer sounded.

Shit.

I walked to the intercom and reluctantly told the doorman that he could send our visitors up. When the elevator arrived and Chandler and Genevieve stepped into the foyer, I greeted my brother with a complaint. "You're early. You’re never early.”

Chandler shrugged. "I’m never early for work. This is different, big bro. I’m excited for this.” He patted me on the back as I threw him an annoyed scowl.

I turned my attention to Genevieve, pretending Chandler wasn't there. "I hear congratulations are in order.” It was the first time I had spoken to her since my brother had popped the question.

She flushed as she grinned. "Thank you. It was unexpected, but I'm truly excited."

Her British dialect was pleasant to listen to. For that alone, I could see why my brother liked her. I glanced down at her left hand, finding it empty.

"No ring?" I addressed the question to my brother.

"It's being resized," Genevieve answered anyway. "I have pictures, though." She opened up the snap on her purse and pulled out her phone. After unlocking her screen and swiping a few times, she handed it over to me.

I took it from her, gesturing for them to follow me into the living room as I examined the image.

"There's a few of them, if you scroll," she advised, walking behind me.

The first picture was from the side and was hard to really see the diamond. I flipped to the next picture—I really was only looking so I could judge my brother. This image made me halt, my eyes wide. "Chandler, really?" The stone was so big it bordered on gaudy, particularly for a sedate young woman like her. "Can you afford this?"

"Har har," he retorted, perching on the arm of my sofa.

His fiancée giggled nervously. She sat on the sofa next to him, properly, like respectable people did. "It's perfect. I love it."

What else could she say? After he'd spent half a million on the thing, she was obliged to love it.

"It's beautiful," I lied, flipping to the next picture. Then the next.

I froze.

This image wasn't of her ring, but of Celia. Holding a baby. A little girl in a white christening gown, with deep blue eyes like her mother’s. The expression on Celia's face was one I hadn't seen in decades. Genuine emotion. Joy. Pride. Love.

For a handful of seconds—while staring at an image of a woman I thought I had destroyed—something moved in me, something shifted. A door opened that I'd closed long ago. It was only digital pixels, but I was convinced it was proof that something had survived. That I hadn't ruined her completely. That somehow she'd found her way to her own salvation, the way I had through Alayna.

And I was glad.

Genevieve leaned forward to see what I was looking at. "Oh, that's my sister. And my stepmom." She held her hand out and I placed her phone into her waiting palm. "I guess there weren't as many pictures of the ring as I thought there were."

Part of me wanted to take the opportunity to ask more questions about Celia and her daughter. To find out if the emotion I thought I saw was real. Was she enjoying motherhood? Was it all she'd imagined? What was her daughter's name? I’d never even bothered to ask anyone.

But a bigger part of me only wanted the truth that I had settled on.

I shut the door that I’d opened in my mind.

"Where is it that you are taking Mina tonight?" I asked changing the subject abruptly.

"Beauty and the Beast," Chandler answered. That explained the outfit my daughter was wearing. "We should be leaving soon if we’re going to make dinner before the show."

"Mina was just getting her shoes on, if you want to help her." I feigned annoyance with my brother a good deal of the time, but I really did admire his close relationship with my oldest child. I offered my family a more tender side of myself, but Chandler was completely unreserved in his affection. Sometimes I envied him that. "She's in her bedroom."

Without another word, he stood and headed toward her room.

"Where is Laynie?" Genevieve asked. "I'd like to show her the ring—or the pictures, anyway."

"I was about to check on her." I turned to leave, then thought to add, "I’d make sure she only sees the ring." Perhaps I was overprotective. I knew my wife was strong, the strongest woman that I knew. But I would still put her in a bubble, seal her off from any possible hurt in the world, if I'd thought she'd let me.

Fortunately Genevieve knew pieces of the history of our families. She nodded in understanding. "Of course."

Back to my mission, I made a beeline for the bedroom, praying that I could catch Alayna just in her bra and panties.

Unfortunately, she walked out of the bedroom as I arrived.

"You're dressed," I stated.

"You sound disappointed. Don't we need to get going?"

I dragged my eyes up her body—up her legs to where they disappeared under the wrap skirt, over the luscious swell of her hips, the indent of her waist, over her full, beautiful breasts. Finally, I met her gaze.

"I was hoping I'd have caught you sooner," I admitted, my cock stirring as I pulled her into my arms. "You look fucking fantastic," I whispered at her ear, "and we have to share the car with Mirabelle so I can't do all the naughty things I wanted to do to you on the ride upstate."

She turned her head so her mouth was inches from mine. "Save it for the ride back when we’re alone," she murmured before kissing me.

I pulled her hips closer, rubbing my semi against her pelvis to show her how hard saving it was going to be.

"Uncle Chandler helped me find my shoes!" Mina shouted, running down the hall toward us, waving her black sandals in the air triumphantly.

With a groan, I moved quickly away from my wife. "Then he can help put them on, can’t he? You don’t want to be late for your musical.”

“Uncle Chandler! Come on! The buckle’s hard.” She pulled him by the pinkie toward the living room.

“Alayna, Genevieve's in there too. She wants to show you her ring."

"I have to see this," she said, scurrying after Mina and Chandler, as I watched her ass.

My phone buzzed in my pocket, distracting me from the view. I read the text that the driver was near, and I shouted out to Alayna to make it fast, then went to the foyer to wait. Spotting the envelope from earlier, I picked it up. It would be a couple of minutes before Alayna wrapped up the ring-talk, and I was suddenly curious about the item left with the doorman.

Most couriers would have delivered either to work, or to Alayna.

Without looking at the front, I ripped open the flap and emptied the contents. There was a slip of paper wrapped around a photo. The paper was blank. The photo was black-and-white.

And it chilled me to my core.

It was an image of Alayna sitting on a park bench, the double stroller next to her while she read her Kindle, seemingly oblivious that the picture was being taken.

The hair stood up on the back of my neck, and I hurriedly reached for the envelope and turned it over. It was addressed simply to the Pierces.

My heart started to race.

I recognized the handwriting.





5





Alayna





"Damn, he can fill out a suit. He's still as hot as he was fifteen years ago."

I was sitting on the outdoor sofa, and since I was nosy, I casually turned my head toward the voice to see who was talking. I found two women I’d never met, nursing cocktails next to the water fountain. Following their gaze across the courtyard, my eyes landed on the only guy in that vicinity, his cell phone pressed to his ear, his brows knit in concentration.

He was definitely damn good-looking, and I already had dibs.

The second lady spoke. "Do you think he still—?"

I didn't hear the rest of her question, because Mira, who was sitting at my side, chose that minute to start up a new conversation. "Are you planning anything big for the twin’s birth—?"

"Shh," I cut her off. I nodded discreetly toward the women behind us. "I'm listening," I whispered.

Mira’s eyes went wide as her head tilted in that direction.

"—walk around all night in just swimming trunks at those parties at Mabel Shores. Remember that? Talk about shower nozzle masturbation material.” It was the first woman talking again. She had dark blonde hair with highlights, cut into a very trendy style. Her makeup was perfect, her lips plump. There weren’t any circles under her eyes. I felt a pang of envy at her well-rested appearance. “He was every woman’s wet dream, that’s for sure."

Mira gasped. "Are they talking about Hudson?"

"Yeah. I'm pretty sure they are.” Curiosity got the better of me. “Do you know them?"

She snuck another peek over her shoulder. "Shit, I can't tell. They're walking away."

I turned more obviously now, and sure enough, the two were walking toward the bar.

“What dicks. You should've gotten up and told them what was what!” Mira fumed.

I chuckled. "Nah. They can look all they want. It’s flattering, in a way."

She narrowed her eyes at me. "It doesn’t bother you at all? They have to know he’s married—everyone knows he’s off the market—and they salivated over your man like he’s a piece of meat.”

I shook my head. “I salivate over him too. I totally get it. But I'm the one with the ring. So it doesn’t bother me.” Right? Of course right.

Probably. Those women weren’t Celia.

I honestly was really secure in my relationship with Hudson. We'd been through a lot, proven ourselves to each other. He'd definitely proven himself to me. I knew he loved me. He would never leave me, and vice versa.

But did he still want me?

With my crazy baggage and my body-after-babies, did I still do it for him? That was a question I wondered sometimes. Sure, he’d wanted to fool around earlier, but that could well have been just to calm me down after a long day before an even longer evening.

"This party is kind of a drag," Gwen complained as she walked up, knocking back the rest of her vodka.

"It's always a drag," I said with a sigh, surveying the surroundings. Nash King's annual birthday party at his house in Larchmont was an outwardly casual event. There were no bands hired, the catering was simple. Yet there were always over two hundred guests filling his backyard and they were the biggest clients of King–Kincaid financial, the richest names on the Who’s Who list of New York City. It was a night of schmoozing, bragging, and drinking in evening wear. Perhaps it was someone's idea of fun, but it wasn't mine.

Apparently it wasn't Gwen’s, either.

"Well this year it's draggier than usual," she said, shifting her weight from one heel to the other.

JC suddenly appeared behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist. "I'm so glad to hear you say that. Does this mean we can leave now?"

"We just got here," she laughed. "We have to put our time in."

"Can we put our time in alone, in a secluded part of the garden? Just you and me?" JC rubbed his nose along her jawline, and Mira and I groaned in feigned disgust.

"No," she said, though her expression betrayed that she was thinking about it. "I'm having me some girl time here. Go find Adam and have some guy time." She handed him her empty glass. "Oh, and get me another one of these. Please." She batted her lashes, a very un-Gwen-like move.

He rolled his eyes, but we all knew he would do it. The guy was head over heels for his wife.

With the momentary distraction of JC gone, my brain headed right back to where it had left off—my relationship with Hudson.

"Do you guys think I had too many children?" I asked, circling around the real issue.

"You have as many as I do," Gwen said, "and with fewer pregnancies. Better bargain, if you ask me.”

“I don’t know about that,” Mira came to my defense. “You worked until the day you went into labor with all three. Bedrest is hell on earth. I would rather have ten pregnancies than another one with bedrest.”

I nodded in agreement. I’d spent nearly four months on my back with the twins. “But do you think I had them too close together? Not the twins, obviously. I mean the pregnancies. Should I have waited longer after Mina?”

Mira put her arm around me, her expression taut with concern. “Are you stressing out, hon? Do you need more help? You need to tell us if you’re feeling overloaded.”

I bit back the annoyance that crept up at her worry. While I was genuinely asking for my friends’ input and I appreciated that they cared, I also hated that everyone around me felt like they had to look out for signs of my anxiety taking over.

That was my cross to bear, though. No one would be concerned at all if I hadn’t given them reason to be.

This time, it wasn’t my obsession talking. At least, I didn’t think it was. “No. I have all that managed, as much as you can manage mommying. It’s not like that.”

Mira relaxed a bit. “Then where is this coming from?”

I bit my lip, glancing from her to Gwen. “Do you think Hudson’s over me?”

Mira nearly dropped her drink. “Oh my God, no! Never. That man is the definition of only lives for you.”

“He has mad love for you, Laynie,” Gwen agreed. “It’s gross.”

I glared at Gwen. This from the woman who’d just let her husband practically feel her up in front of us? She wasn’t fooling anyone.

With a frustrated sigh, I sank back in the sofa. “I know he loves me,” I said. “I really do. And I love him. Just...can the magic really last forever? Day in and day out. Does it get old after a while? What if there’s an expiration on happily ever after?”

My friends stared at me, neither of them speaking for several long seconds.

Finally, Mira broke the silence. “I knew it! Those women did bother you.”

“What women?” Gwen asked. “Scoot over. I want to sit now.”

“These women who were ogling Hudson earlier,” Mira replied as she and I moved to make room for Gwen on the other side of me. “It was serious sexual harassment, if you ask me.”

“They did not bother me,” I protested. “Okay maybe they did. A little.” I thought for a second. “But not because they were looking at him. It’s just, what if he starts looking at them? I would, if I were him.”

“Shut the fuck up,” Gwen said. “You are hot.”

“He would never look at anyone but you. I know my brother,” Mira added.

“Mira,” I looked her straight in the eye. “You know that this is a size up from what I used to wear.” I’d bought the figure-flattering wrap dress at her boutique, so she was definitely aware of the change in my measurements.

“You had twins!” she exclaimed.

“Almost a year ago, and I still haven’t gotten my body back. And it’s been five days since we had sex.”

“Five days. Really? Five whole days.” Mira chided me in the same tone I’d chided Hudson when he’d suggested it was too long between rounds.

“I realize that’s not long for some people, but it is for us. And it was five days before that, too.”

“Because you have babies!” Mira reminded me. Yet again.

“Who aren’t little anymore. They sleep through the night pretty well now. I have nannies who help me catch up on sleep during the day. And look—we’re out tonight, for the first time in weeks, and Hudson has spent the whole night on his phone. He didn’t even try to fool around in the car on the way up.”

“Because I drove with you, you sillypants.” Mira would defend our relationship to the death.

“He still used to try. No matter who was around.” Tonight, he’d flirted when I’d first come out of the bedroom, but after that, nada. I might as well have been wearing a sackcloth. To further prove my point, I added, “JC still tried just now with Gwen.”

“JC has no class,” Gwen stated. Which was a lie, but nice of her to say.

“And Hudson was on his laptop the whole ride, Laynie,” Mira continued. “There’s probably some work crisis he hasn’t told you about, and he’s dealing with that. You said he’s been on the phone? That proves it. I’m driving home with Adam. You’ll be alone with him then. Don’t let him work anymore. Give him a little... you know. I don’t want to think about what the you know entails because he’s my brother, but make it good, and you’ll see it’s all as it should be.”

I chewed some more on my lip. Was I being crazy?

Gwen seemed to read my thoughts. “Every woman has these worries now and then. This isn’t weird. It’s part of the hormonal cycle, I swear. It pops up somewhere between needing to consume all the chocolate in the world and wanting to hump the first dick that walks in the room.”

Mira and I both eyed Gwen.

“Maybe that’s just my cycle. Point is, it’s natural to worry about our marriages. It’s a good thing even. It makes us think about our relationships and not take them for granted. That’s what keeps them alive.”

Somewhat comforted, I managed a reluctant smile. “You’re right, you’re right. I know you’re right.”

“Where is Hudson now, anyway?” Gwen asked.

“Over there.” I nodded to where he’d been before, but found he wasn’t there anymore. I looked around and spotted him not too far off, more in the shadows, farther away from the party.

And he was no longer alone.

Gwen found him too. “Who’s that with him?”

I sat up straighter, my skin suddenly feeling tight and itchy. “One of the women who was ogling him.”

“Oh, shit,” Mira said. “I do know her.”

I didn’t take my eyes off the woman as she cocked her hip and twirled a strand of her long dark blonde hair. “Who is it?”

“Well,” Mira fretted. “You’re not going to like this. She’s Christina Brooke—or that was her maiden name. She’s married. I’m not sure what she goes by now. She used to be Celia’s best friend.”

My vision went red at the mention of Hudson’s old friend. “Fabulous,” I said, sarcastically.

“This is probably fine,” Gwen said, calmly. “They’re probably doing the obligatory catch-up. ‘How have you been?’ ‘How’s the wife?’ ‘How’s your mother? I hear she’s sober now.’”

“I should go over there.” It was a party. Mingling was a party thing.

“You don’t need to make a scene, though,” Mira cautioned.

Christina Used-To-Be-Brooke took a step closer to my husband, her arms folded across her chest so her tits popped up nice and high.

I knew that move. I used to use that move. Back when I had moves.

The part that had my blood boiling was that Hudson didn’t back away.

Mira amended her statement. “Okay. You might need to make a little bit of a scene.”

I was out of my seat before anyone said anything else, nearly bumping into JC who had returned with Gwen's drink.

"Where's she off to so fast?" he asked, but I didn't hear anything else, my clipped pace carrying me across the courtyard in record time.

I kept my eyes pinned on Hudson and Christina, neither of them had noticed me coming up to them.

"—know how I feel about fidelity?" Christina was saying in a hushed tone when I got close enough to hear.

"I thought I did, certainly," Hudson responded. "You might've changed your mind." His eyes flicked to the side, and he saw me, so even though I'd considered, for a brief second, just hanging back and listening in, now I had to continue on toward them.

When I got to him, I slipped my arm around his. "Hi, I am Alayna Pierce. I don't believe we've met." I stuck my other hand out in greeting. Pretentious, perhaps. Possessive, definitely.

"Alayna, this is Christina Rodham. We used to run in the same circles. We haven't seen each other for quite some time. Christina, this is my wife."

Christina took my hand and shook it weakly. She likely didn’t have much room to give it any force. She hadn't bothered to step back when I'd arrived. Hadn't bothered to wipe the drool off her mouth after slobbering over my husband.

"Nice to meet you, Alayna." She dropped my hand, then turned her focus back to Hudson. "I should get back to Thaddeus. He's here… somewhere." She put her hand on his bicep and ran it down the length of his upper arm while I tried not to scream bloody murder. "It was really good to see you again, Hudson. Ta-ta."

She sauntered off, her tight behind swaying much more than it needed to, even walking in heels.

I shot death rays after her.

When I glanced up at Hudson, I discovered he was also watching her walk away, his jaw ticking as though he was deep in thought.

"H, what did she mean when she said that you knew how she felt about fidelity?"

"She was talking about the past," he answered quickly. "Are you ready to go? I'm not in the mood to be here anymore, if that's all right with you." He put his hand at the small of my back and started ushering me toward the house.

"That's fine. But." I stopped walking. "Hudson. Who was that woman?"

He spun to face me, his forehead wrinkled in puzzlement. "Christina Brooke. Rodham. I told you. I knew her when we were kids. Let’s go." He turned to leave again.

"Hudson."

He stopped.

"You fucked her. Didn't you?" I didn't know how I knew, but I did. Suddenly and certainly.

His eyes searched mine for a moment. "A long time ago. Yes. When we were kids. Now can we go?"

I let him escort me out then, stopping briefly to say goodbye to his sister and her husband, and to Gwen and JC. There was another round of goodbyes to Nash King and his wife and a few other important figures from the financial world. It was hard for me to stay focused on the people in front of me when my head kept thinking about Christina Brooke and her perfect plump lips and her flawless figure and the way she touched my husband and how my husband had once been inside of her.

Of course I knew that Hudson slept with people before me. Hell, I hadn't been a virgin when we'd met. But I'd never been introduced to any of his former lovers. I'd never seen him interact with them. I'd never had to wrestle with this jealousy in the flesh.

It didn't help that Hudson returned immediately to his phone once we got into the back of the limo.

I sat on my side of the seat and tried to figure out why it bothered me so much. Christina. Her fawning. Her history with my husband. Why did any of that matter? I knew he was loyal. I knew he loved me. There was no way he would have an affair.

But did he have regrets? Did I bore him? Was that why he worked so hard, disappeared so much into his job the last couple of years?

Was that why I couldn’t be happy sitting at home and wanted so desperately to go back to The Sky Launch?

Maybe the solution was no more kids.

“Hudson?”

“Hmm?” He didn’t even look at me.

“I think you should have a vasectomy.”

“No,” he said with finality.

I crossed my arms over my chest and scowled, trying to decide if I wanted to fight about it. We were definitely done, as far as I was concerned, but maybe the children weren’t the actual problem.

Maybe it was as simple as Gwen suggested—it took effort to keep the magic alive.

We just needed to always keep making an effort.

"Crisis at work?" I asked, when I finally decided to act like an adult instead of pouting silently.

He glanced over at me, almost like he’d forgotten I was there. "Yes." Immediately, he looked back at his screen.

I wasn't giving up that easily. "Who do you keep texting? Norma?"

“Right. Norma.” His eyes never left the phone. "Who else would be working this late on a Friday?”

I put my palm out toward him. "Hand it over. I want to talk to her." Wanted to tell her to give my husband the night off.

"No.” He typed something off quickly.

My temper started to rise. "Why not?"

He didn’t say anything as he clicked the button to darken his screen and pocketed his cell. The he swiveled toward me. "Because I'm done playing with my phone. Now I’m going to play with your pussy."

Fury turned to desire, and, slowly, I grinned. "Really?"

"Really. You’ve been neglected tonight. I have making up to do. Give me your foot." He held his hand out.

I lifted the leg closest to him and swung it around to put my shoe in his palm, spreading my legs wide at the same time, open for him.

He set my foot on the seat against the back, propping my knee up.

"Good girl," he said, low and husky, eyes piercing mine with greedy lust, even in the dim light of the interior.

I shivered.

Scooting closer, he ran one hand up my bare leg and then farther up my thigh, leaving a trail of goosebumps in its wake. When he reached the top of my leg, he moved to the knot at the waist of my dress and undid the sash, opening the wrap so that I was left in my black panties and matching bra.

He surveyed me with the same hungry gaze he always had. "I've been wanting to get under your dress since the second you walked out of our bedroom," he hissed.

"Sure couldn't tell. All night, the only two things you had eyes for were that phone and Miss Christina Perfect Tits."

He raised a brow before bending to kiss lightly along my inner thigh. "She had perfect tits? I hadn't noticed."

"How could you miss them? If not now, then ten years ago. When you fucked her." Yeah, so I was going there. Sometimes I couldn't stop myself.

He continued kissing up, up, until his kiss pressed along the crotch of my panties. "I wouldn't know. I only fucked her once, and it was from behind."

"Oh my God," I moaned as he dragged his teeth along my clit through the material. After all these years, he knew just how to touch me. How to make me get there. How to undo me with a single breath along my skin.

But I wasn’t done with this conversation.

"Why would you tell me that?” I asked, breathily. “I don't want to hear that." My comment dissolved into another moan as his tongue took a turn swirling my swollen nub.

"You don't?" he asked, lifting up. "That's not like you. You usually want to know everything."

This time when he put his mouth down there, he sucked, hard, until my fingernails were clawing into the car’s upholstery.

"Okay, okay, I want to know," I said when I could speak.

He smirked, sitting up to look me in the eye again. "She might as well have been anyone. She was part of a game. Like every woman was before you." He wrapped his fingers underneath the waistband of my panties and paused. "Are you better?"

"Not yet." I nodded toward the place down between my legs, indicating exactly what would make me all the way better.

He chuckled. "I'm working on it, precious. Patience."

With my help, he maneuvered my panties off. Then he buried his head between my legs and licked and sucked and fingered and made me all the way better. After three orgasms, I climbed onto his lap and rode him until we got home.

There was definitely still magic between us.

But I thought about his strange encounter with Christina as I fell asleep, the fragments of the conversation I’d overheard between them remained a puzzle still unsolved.

And when Hudson slipped out from under the covers in the middle of the night with his phone in hand, I worried again. Even Norma went to bed eventually.





6





Hudson





The first time I received a threatening letter, I was twenty-three and still working with my father at Walden, Inc. When he saw it, he shrugged, patted me on the back, and said, “You’ve made the big time. Hire a security team. Stop opening your own mail."

I started Pierce Industries soon after that, took his advice and hired a company to handle my security. Besides handling everything in the building, they looked over me personally. While I still opened my own personal mail, they drove me places when needed and monitored my home and computers. Anything that bothered me got flagged and dealt with straightaway.

The agency sent a rotation of men—one was as good as another, as far as I was concerned. I didn’t take the whole thing very seriously. What did I have to protect? My money? My life?

Neither meant that much at the time.

It wasn't until Alayna came into the picture, until I finally had someone worth protecting, that I truly got serious about my team. I paid more attention to who was on staff. I required detailed resumes before choosing who would be her driver. There were several with qualifications that fit the bill nicely, but in the end, I chose Jordan Black, a man I'd worked with several times. I didn't choose him because of his skills, though he had them. I chose him because once, when Celia had tried to flirt with him, he'd turned her down, saying he was gay.

I'd been so protective of Alayna, so jealous of any other man in her presence, that even after I was sure Jordan wouldn't come on to her, I thoroughly double-checked his background myself before selecting him.

In the years following, Jordan had proven himself over and over. Eventually I stole him away from his security firm and gave him free rein to start a team of his own. The more time we'd spent working together, the less sure I was of the facts on his resume. It stated he’d been special ops, trained in the Navy, had specific high-level computer coding knowledge—if those items weren’t true, he certainly had the skills to fake it. The rest of the details on his resume were what I questioned. That he was given the name Jordan Black at birth. That he had grown up in Omaha, Nebraska. That his parents were named Hannah and George. I wasn't even sure if he was actually gay or he'd just said that to deter Celia.

But I was sure I trusted him.

He was the only person outside our family who had access to the penthouse. That meant he didn't have to buzz in when he arrived on Saturday morning, early. He texted when he was on his way up, and I went to the foyer to wait for him.

"I don't need to ask if you got any sleep," he said, looking me over. "If I hadn't been up all night with you on the phone, I'd be able to read it all over your face."

"Hello to you too," I said dryly. “Let's take this to the library." I didn't have to tell him I wanted to hide our meeting from Alayna, if possible.

Unfortunately, we weren't quick enough crossing the hall.

"Good morning, Jordan. It's a little early for company. Should I be concerned?" She pulled the top of her robe closed as she stared into me. Brett, still in pajamas, chattered away in her mother’s arms. Behind her, Holden pushed his walker while Mina cheered him on.

"Of course not, precious," I answered swiftly. Smoothly. "Routine security updates. Weekends are the best time to get those things taken care of, and you know Jordan's an early riser."

She glowered. "I suppose this means that we're doing breakfast without Daddy, kids."

I winced. It was eight fifteen, and on Saturdays the nanny didn't come in until ten. Even with the cook taking care of meal prep, the children would be a handful. I felt guilty leaving Alayna alone to deal with them, but reminded myself that I was thinking of her first and foremost, whether she was aware of it or not.

And I saw no reason why it would be helpful for her to know.

"Can we have pancakes?" Mina begged as the crew headed toward the kitchen. “Can I help make them? I can stir!”

"Oh, yes, that won’t be messy at all." Alayna’s sarcasm was evident. She called back over her shoulder. "I am not getting you coffee, so don’t even ask."

"I already brewed some," I called back, glad I'd at least done that.

Jordan gave me a disapproving smirk.

But who was he to judge? I was ninety-five percent certain he wasn't married.

Or... at least seventy-five percent certain.

We went to the library, and I shut the French doors. As an extra precaution, I locked them too. Silently, we headed past the sofa and the lines of bookcases that housed Alayna's collection, to my desk by the windows. I opened the top drawer and pulled out the envelope and photo I'd received the night before, then carefully handed them to Jordan.

“The handwriting looks like the others,” he said, putting on his gloves before he took them from me. I hadn’t gloved up before opening the envelope myself, but had only touched the corners as soon as I’d realized what I was looking at. I didn’t imagine there would be any prints, but I wanted nothing left to chance. "This is all there was?" he asked.

"The photo was wrapped in a blank sheet of paper. I have that too." I retrieved the blank paper by the corner as well and passed it on.

Jordan pulled a Ziploc bag from his jeans pockets, and secured the items I’d given him inside. He scanned the room, his gaze landing on the shelves. He selected a random book, one with a tall spine and wide cover, then tucked the bag inside.

"Mind if I borrow this?" he asked facetiously.

"By all means." Hopefully, Jordan would slip out without encountering Alayna again, but in case he didn't, the photograph would now be hidden from her view. Why he was borrowing classics at eight in the morning on a Saturday was a question I’d leave him to answer.

"There won't be any fingerprints. There haven't been on any of them. But I'll see what I can find out," he assured me, confirming my suspicions.

I nodded. “The doorman said for sure that it hadn’t been hand delivered?” We’d been over this already, but I wanted to hear it again. I’d texted Jordan on the drive to Larchmont the night before and informed him of the situation, so while I was enduring the tedium of another Nash King birthday party, my head of security was interviewing the man who’d given me the envelope.

“It had been on the counter when Paul Gershwin, the one who gave it to you, arrived. I tracked down Stuart Patton, the doorman on shift before Gershwin, and he swears it came in a bigger envelope addressed to the building. It was enclosed with a menu for a new Ethiopian restaurant and an advertisement for a strip club. Patton threw everything away except the envelope addressed to you, which he left on the door stand counter.” Jordan recited the details without any hint of irritation at having to repeat himself for the fourth time.

I liked him as much as I trusted him.

“Damn,” I muttered. “I really thought we had him. If it had been personally delivered...”

“The cameras in the lobby would have caught him,” Jordan finished for me.

“Or her.”

“Or her.” He waited a polite beat before stating the obvious. “This guy—this person—has proven to know you well enough to know you’d never leave the lobby of your building without eyes.”

I hoped that was true. I hoped that this asshole counted on me forming a very tight protective perimeter around my family. I hoped this asshole didn’t dare try to invade it.

But if my optimism was in vain, I’d be ready. "How is the surveillance team coming together? Have you managed to fill every position?”

"Remember, you only asked for the increase last night. But I think I've got all the shifts covered for the next couple of days. Long enough to recruit some boys from the old office. How do you want me to handle the team dedicated to your family? Your wife is going to notice she’s being followed."

“If they’re good enough to have the job, they should be good enough not to be noticed,” I snapped.

Jordan stared at me blankly.

“Oh, don’t look at me like that.” I ran my hand across the back of my neck, trying to relieve the knot that had taken root at the base. "I'm going to tell her. Soon."

I should've told her months ago. I didn't want to tell her at all.

"For now, tell them to do their best to hang back. She’s a mother with three kids. She’s usually preoccupied with them. She shouldn’t be too hard to watch from a distance.”

"All right," he acquiesced. “As for the other thing we talked about last night, I’m planning on spending the rest of today setting up as many interviews as I can.”

“Good. That’s good.” I didn’t know if I was telling him or myself.

I brought my hand around to rub at my jaw, the prick of morning stubble reminding me I likely looked as ragged as I felt. Reminding me that it was Saturday morning, and I was supposed to be in the dining room eating pancakes with the kids.

I had to hand this off to Jordan, had to trust that he would do his job while I focused on my weekend with my family.

“You know, you have enough cause to bring the FBI in now, if you decide that’s the route you want to go.” Jordan was always serious, but he managed to sound even more somber by suggesting to give another team a job that he’d usually command.

That was enough to give me pause.

But involving outsiders meant my past would be looked at as scrupulously as my present. That created more problems than it solved.

“No. It’s too messy,” I said, definitively. “You’re as competent as anyone on the FBI’s team. More so. We’ll keep this between us, if you think you can handle it.”

“I can handle it.” With that, he took his borrowed book, and slipped out of the penthouse.

I found my wife in the kitchen, and I wrapped my arms around her from behind as she tightened the lid on a baby bottle, hoping she knew that the weak security of my embrace wasn’t the extent of the ways I worked to keep her safe.

Hoping she never needed to know that she wasn’t.





"The next one is starting," Jordan called from the couch.

I finished dumping my cold coffee into the sink, put the dirty mug on the counter, then, with a deep breath and the promise of a scotch later, I headed over to take my place sitting next to him.

The setup was simple—a live feed recorded in a hotel room downtown, displayed on my computer screen here in the loft. It worked pretty well for the most part. Sometimes the picture would buffer, and all we’d get was sound for several minutes, but the camera in the conference room recorded it all so we could catch what we'd missed later.

"Thank you so much for coming in," Allison said. She was part of Jordan’s security team, usually assigned to computers, but it seemed she had useful acting skills as well.

From the angle of the camera and of the door of the conference room, we weren't able to see the face of the person she was greeting until they sat down at the table, and I hadn't bothered looking ahead to see who was on the list.

There was a certain amount of trepidation waiting for the next interviewee to be unveiled, and for good reason. While I'd always known what I'd done to my victims, it was quite another thing to hear it from their own mouths.

When this one came onto the screen, I knew immediately the story was going to be one of the worst.

"Isaac Zucker," Jordan said next to me. "Do you remember what your engagement with him was?"

Yes, I remembered. In excruciating detail. "He's probably going to be one of the ones you’ll want to pay attention to," I confessed.

"As I said over the phone," Allison began, "I'm in the process of writing a tell-all book about Hudson Pierce. I want all the dirt, all the scandals. The worst of the worst." She continued with her spiel about a pretend biography she was writing, creating a safe space for Isaac to speak before asking if he could be videotaped—not disclosing that he was already being filmed.

Isaac was eager to talk. It took him two hours to recite all the details of how I'd picked him out at a Stern symposium years before I'd met Alayna. How I'd invested time and energy and interest in his innovative approach to harnessing solar energy for tech use. He had a multimillion-dollar idea, and I'd courted him, tempting him away from any other offer until it was just him and I on the playing field.

Then I deserted him. Changed my mind. Told him I didn't think his idea was very good after all.

It probably wouldn't have been so bad if I had left it at that, but then I had black-balled him, telling all the biggest names in the business that he was an individual who should never be worked with.

When Isaac had nothing left, no options, no job offers, I'd come back to him and bought up his cutting-edge idea for a measly hundred grand. Then I sat on the patent, and did nothing with it, letting it waste away in a locked file cabinet.

Those were the facts I knew, but in his interview I also learned the constant up-and-down of his career had caused great tribulation in his relationship with his wife. She’d left him, after he found her in bed with another man. He’d developed a cocaine problem. Been through rehab—twice. He was clean now. All of it, everything, he blamed on his lost career. The life he hadn't gotten. The life he’d deserved, stolen by Hudson Pierce.

I hadn't forgotten him over the years, but Isaac had eventually quit bothering me about the patent on his idea, so I'd assumed he was past it, had moved on.

I'd assumed wrong.

"He's definitely angry," Jordan agreed. "I'll see if I can get a better look at his timelines, perhaps I can match up anything to the dates the letters have been sent."

I nodded as I pulled out my phone and texted Norma. -Draw up a $4 million payment to Isaac Zucker. Then contact development, tell them to pull his patent and get you a figure for what it would cost to start working on it.

-Okay.

A second later she texted again. -This is the fourth such request this week—should I be concerned about your psychiatric well-being?

If only she’d thought to ask that fifteen years ago.

-I'll swing by before going home to sign the checks, was all I said in response.

When I looked up again, the interview was over, finally, and Isaac was leaving the room.

Jordan reached forward to turn down the volume on the computer then sat back and looked at his clipboard. “I’m crossing Jeffers off the list,” he said, as his pen followed through with the action.

I rubbed my forehead with the palm of one hand, wishing I could erase the interview we’d just watched. Wishing I could erase the need for the interviews in the first place.

But I’d been who I’d been. “Marlene Jeffers spent ninety minutes explaining how I ruined her senior year of college by playing head games with her, and you’re convinced she couldn’t possibly be the person threatening me?”

He shook his head. “It was in her body language. She had been angry, yes. Hurt, yes. But those are old wounds. She doesn’t feel that now. She only showed up to the interview because she’s hoping for a free plug of her Instagram lifestyle profile. Didn’t you notice how she dropped the name over and over? I stopped counting at mention number nine.”

“Hmm.” He was right—I could see it now that he’d pointed it out. Usually I was good at reading people, at discerning their ticks and their tells. Was I losing my touch? I had barely slept in days—that could be it.

Most likely my block came from the stakes on the line. When I’d used my skills to predict other people’s moves in the past, it had always been for fun or for money. It had never been to protect my family’s lives.

It was a good thing I wasn’t doing this alone.

“Cross her off, then,” I conceded.

It was Thursday, and this was our third day of this. Jordan had set up the feed in the loft, at least, so that I wouldn’t have to take it apart when I had a meeting or explain it to anyone who came into my office. It hadn’t ended up being an issue since, by Tuesday afternoon, I’d cancelled the rest of my week’s schedule. It was too hard to switch gears from this task to any other, and hearing the twisted things I’d said and done to people once upon a time was gruelling. I felt like I was on trial.

Maybe I was, in a way.

Jesus, how much longer could I endure this?

I held my hand out toward Jordan. “Let me see the list.”

He handed me the clipboard comprised of all the names I’d given him over the last eighteen months. Every person I could remember who I’d thought might possibly be a suspect. It was a long list. And yet I knew I was still missing so many names.

“What do the highlights mean?” I asked, noting some had been marked in bright colors.

“The green are the people who have interviews scheduled. Yellow haven’t called back. Pink declined to meet.”

“There’s a hell of a lot of pink. How is this going to work if we can’t get one of your people in front of them?” I knew the level of my pessimism was related to the level of my discomfort at the process. I’d renounced my past when I’d met Alayna, but for so many other people, it was still present.

Jordan took my mood in stride. “People who don’t want to meet are less likely to be our guy. Our guy wants to talk. Our guy wants to shit all over you, and if he or she gets the opportunity, our guy isn’t going to pass it up.”

All of our best leads were based on profiling, and that didn’t give me peace of mind. I wanted cold, hard clues.

But this was what we had at the moment, and it hurt like a kick to the crotch to admit it.

“Christina Brooke,” I said, spotting her name highlighted in yellow. “I saw her the other night.” I’d somehow forgotten to mention that.

“And?”

I took a breath before I answered, replaying our conversation in my mind, searching for anything in her words or actions that would tell me her motivations.

“Perhaps this isn’t the time to bring it up, but, seeing you, I feel I need to address the way I behaved with you in the past,” I’d said. “It was inappropriate.”

She’d tilted her head and twisted her lips questioningly. “You mean the night we fucked each other’s brains out, and Celia showed up? What was inappropriate about that? We had fun. You weren’t with Celia. If she got her feelings hurt, that was on her.”

“It may have appeared that way,” I’d kept my voice low and quiet. “Yet I had indicated to her that there might be something more between her and I. I betrayed that when I went into a bedroom with you.” Even after years of therapy and saying it out loud many times, it had made my stomach churn to have to admit it to someone else.

Christina had pondered then shrugged casually. “Not my business. I had a good time, like I said. Did you think I’d care if you were unfaithful? Don’t you know how I feel about fidelity?”

"I thought I did, certainly," I’d said. "You might've changed your mind."

Had I learned anything from that encounter?

“She wants to fuck me,” I said to Jordan, remembering her flirtation, even in front of Alayna, when she’d joined us. “I don’t think she’s ‘our guy.’”

“Are you sure she doesn’t want to fuck you enough to resent everyone else who has a piece of you that isn’t her?”

I’d only watched Fatal Attraction because of Alayna—It wasn’t my type of film—but my mind went immediately to the scenario of a woman terrorizing her one-night-stand, ruining his life when he wouldn’t give her more.

This was real life, though. Not a movie. And I refused to believe we were dealing with anyone that crazy.

But my skin felt raw and it itched from the inside because the truth was, I couldn’t be sure.

For the first time in my life, I was the pawn in someone else’s game.





7





Alayna





I paused when I saw the name on the caller ID.

"Do you want to talk to Grandma today?" I asked Holden, who was babbling away while he used the coffee table for support.

"Ba ba ba ba ba," he replied, happily.

"I believe the word you're looking for is bitch," I muttered to myself before clicking the talk button on my phone. "Hello, Sophia," I said, with as little enthusiasm as she deserved.

"Good," she said with evident relief. "You answered. I've been trying to reach Hudson all morning, and he won't pick up his phone."

Because he's smarter than me, I thought.

"It must be important then. What can I tell him for you?" She hadn't even begun, and I already planned to forget whatever it was she had to say. Since becoming sober, Hudson's mother had found her favorite hobby to be gossip. Every bit of news was a scandal. Every scandal was immediate.

"It is important, thank you. I had lunch with Louise Gunther, and she knew it wasn't her place to tell me this, but she felt it was her duty. She's been a very good friend and proved it today by passing on this news."

Very good friend, yet this was the first time I'd heard her name.

"She plays tennis with Joni Sneed who plays bridge with Caroline Dunlow."

My ears perked at the name Caroline Dunlow, and I stopped playing peekaboo with Holden to pay closer attention to where Sophia was going with this.

"Caroline is the director of the New Park Elementary School, as you know. All of the Pierce children and grandchildren have gone there."

I rolled my eyes at that one. Aryn, Mirabelle’s daughter, had been the only grandchild before Mina.

"Yes, I know who Caroline Dunlow is." We had registered for Mina to attend New Park in the fall but were still waiting for her acceptance letter.

"Well. I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news.” Her tone wasn’t the least bit sorry. “But Louise says that Joni says that Caroline says you aren't getting in. I mean, that Mina isn't getting in," Sophia corrected herself. "Obviously, this is a tragedy."

I stood and started pacing the living room. "I wouldn't quite call it a tragedy, but are you sure that the New Park School is denying Mina's application? We’re perfect candidates, and Mina’s a legacy." It was hard not to be a little smug about my smart, confident, talented oldest child. And frankly, with the Pierce name, we had the money to go anywhere we wanted.

"I am certain," Sophia said, annoyed that I would doubt her. “Louise was quite clear.”

"That doesn't make any sense. Mina did fabulous on her preliminary tests and interviews. Our references are spotless."

"I'm telling you what I heard. And, again, I'm only the messenger here, but she did give me the reason as well."

There was something a little too excited about Sophia's tone. As though she were delighted to be the one to tell me this terrible thing she was about to say.

I straightened my spine, preparing for the worst. "Out with it."

"Unsatisfactory parentage."

She let the words sink in, though she didn't need to. They hit me like a ton of bricks. Hit me and took me down with them, sinking into the bottom of an ocean.

"Of course we should have expected this. I don't know why we weren’t prepared beforehand. Should've made an extra donation or contribution to their foundation in the Pierce name, perhaps a scholarship, but of course it’s too late for that now..."

Sophia went on, chattering about all the reasons why it was inevitable that I would be the downfall of Mina’s education. Of her career. Of her entire destiny. I barely listened to her. The more her voice buzzed in my ear, the more enraged I became. Enraged at her for being so gleeful about disappointing news. Enraged at the women who would gossip so casually about our family’s social standing.

And most of all, enraged at the New Park School and Carolina Dunlow for only seeing my past history, not the person, the mother, I had become. For holding sins against me that had been out of my control, such as my parents’ deaths while I was still in high school, my mental illness, my poverty, my lack of good breeding.

It wasn't fair.

And since when did I let people treat me unjustly? Let alone my children.

"… about her in the future, Alayna. How is she going to get anywhere going forward if you can’t even get her into the family elementary school?" Sophia meant the question rhetorically, but I jumped in.

"I'll take care of it. Thanks for letting me know. Goodbye."

Before I could hang up, she stopped me. "Wait, wait. What are you planning to do? These people need finesse. They are the kind of—"

"I said I'd take care of it." My rage shot up another notch at the suggestion from my mother-in-law that I wasn't the appropriate one to deal with the situation. I knew she thought Hudson would be the better one to address the New Park School. To approach Caroline Dunlow.

But I could defend my own honor and integrity as easily as he could. And the whole point was that I was worthy, on my own. That I was a satisfactory parent. Not the kind who sent her spouse to fight her battles.

I clicked End Call before Sophia could say another word, then threw my phone on the couch in frustration.

Seeing a bright new shiny toy, Holden eagerly began making his way around the coffee table toward my dropped cell. Quickly, I snatched it back up, and exchanged it for a baby toy. He fussed at the substitution.

"Yeah, kid. I feel the same way." So, what was I going to do about it?

I picked up the baby and continued pacing the room. Obviously, I needed to talk to Caroline Dunlow. As soon as possible. Before she sent out the official rejection letter. It probably wouldn't help our situation—once these bureaucratic elites decided what they wanted, their minds were hard to change—but she had a right to know what I thought about her decision. And I had a right to say my piece as well.

With one hand, I did some searching on my phone. The New Park director's office was open until four. It was almost one-thirty. I had time to make it.

Shit.

I swore mentally as Brett started crying over the baby monitor, alerting me she'd woken from her nap. It also reminded me that Maya wasn't here. Mina's day camp had needed extra volunteers for a field trip, and our nanny had elected to be one of those to go.

"Damnit," I cursed again, under my breath, as I trekked down the hall to get the other baby.

She stopped crying the minute she saw me, her face lighting up at my presence. "I'm good enough for you, aren't I?" I bopped her on the nose and she giggled. I looked from one baby to the other, formulating a plan of action.

Finally, knowing neither would respond, I asked, "How would you kids like to go on an outing?"





It took half an hour to get the babies dressed, changed and ready to go. New Park Elementary was only two blocks from the Bowery, so fortunately it was an easy walk with the double stroller. I packed up the diaper bag and made sure I had enough formula in case one or both of them got hungry, then loaded them into the carriage and headed down the elevator.

As soon as I stepped into the lobby, a bald man wearing dark glasses and a black suit standing by the wall walked toward me. "Do you need me to call your driver, Mrs. Pierce?" he asked.

I blinked at the stranger, having never seen him before. Obviously he knew who I was.

"No, thank you. We're walking today." I eyed him suspiciously as I continued toward the door, and realized he wasn't alone. A second man wearing dark glasses and an earpiece, also in a dark suit, stood near the wall as well.

"Who are your new henchmen?" I asked Stuart, the doorman, as he hurried to open the door for us.

He appeared puzzled, as though I'd asked a strange question. "New security team."

"Oh," was all I said, since it seemed as though I should have already known. And maybe I should have. I’d been so distracted lately, analyzing my marriage, planning my business, having a postpartum breakdown, that I hadn’t paid any attention to the mundane details of anything outside the children.

"Enjoy your day, Mrs. Pierce," he called after me when I was outside.

But once I was out the doors and the fresh air hit me, I remembered why it wasn't a good day, remembered my task at hand, and found myself getting riled up all over again.

I walked down the street at a clipped pace, composing what I meant to say in my head. I knew my best shot at redemption was a dignified speech with well-thought-out points demonstrating my strengths, contrition for the past, and ways that I'd contributed to society.

But instead of forming a succinct, humble speech, all I wanted to do by the time I reached the front doors of the fancy school was tell Caroline Dunlow off.

I pushed the handicap button at the entrance and gruffly moved the stroller through the doors of the administration office. The secretary recognized me.

"Good afternoon, Mrs. Pierce. Is there some way I can help you today?"

I took a deep breath that didn't seem to calm me at all. "I need to speak to Ms. Dunlow, please. Right away."

"I'm sorry, but Ms. Dunlow is in a meeting with the board to finalize next year's admissions. Can I take a message and have her get back to you?"

"She's meeting with the board now? Deciding final admissions right this minute?" If that was the case, then no, I couldn't wait. I needed to talk to her immediately, and if the board was there too, all the better.

The secretary nodded in affirmation.”Yes, ma’am.”

"And they’re meeting in this building?"

"Yes," she said carefully, "they’re in the conference center, but—"

I didn't let her finish. The conference center had been where we’d had our interviews for the program. I knew exactly where I was going.

Pushing the stroller forward, I moved hurriedly past her desk and down the long hall.

"Mrs. Pierce, Mrs. Pierce, you can't go back there!" The high-pitch of her panic seemed to indicate that she was unsure whether she should leave her desk unguarded to follow after me or stay put and call for backup. It was summer, so school wasn't in session, which meant there probably wasn't any security on campus. And, honestly, that secretary was a petite little thing. I was a tiger of a mama with a double stroller as a weapon. I would have been afraid of me too.

I kind of was afraid of me.

But I didn’t have time to think it through. I had one shot. I beelined for my destination, praying that Brett’s fussing was only momentary.

The conference center door was shut when I arrived, so it felt extra dramatic when I flung it open and pushed the babies in ahead of me. A handful of faces turned in my direction—seven, I counted quickly. I didn’t recognize any of them until the woman who had her back to me turned around, and there she was—Ms. Dunlow.

"Mrs. Pierce,” she said, surprised. “Did we have an appointment?" she asked in that condescending way that said she knew full well that we did not have an appointment, but was being polite about my mistake. "Denise would be happy to reschedule with you at the front—"

"No, we do not have an appointment. I would not like to make an appointment. I don’t want to talk to you at a later time. I need to speak to you right now. Because from what I’m hearing in the upper circles, if I don't speak to you right now, I won’t have the opportunity to speak with you at all."

I only paused to take a breath when Ms. Dunlow stood and tried to steer me back toward the door with a nod of her head. "It seems that you're upset, Mrs. Pierce. Alayna. Why don't we take this into another room, and we can—"

Her patronizing tone, her familiar use of my first name, the way she tried to console me while brushing me aside—all of it only fueled my fury.

"I do not want to take this into another room. What I have to say needs to be heard by all of you.” I scanned the room, looking deliberately at each face. “All of you. This enrollment system of yours is archaic and downright mean. How can you possibly determine my child's ability to be educated simply by looking at the circumstances under which her mother was born and raised? Obviously you aren’t taking into consideration all I have done to rise above my station, the lengths I have gone to in order to overcome my past, and the hurdles and the struggles that have faced me. I have an MBA. I graduated first in my class with a 4.0 grade average. I manage my own business.

“But even if I hadn’t done those things, even if I were ‘just a housewife,’ this determination is classist and pompous and really just terrible-ist. Especially, especially, letting other people know that I'm an unsatisfactory parent before you even inform me…?" I had to raise my voice then, since Brett’s whine had become a real cry. "It's disgusting and intolerable, and I can't believe that we donated funds to this program or that we even wanted to enroll our daughter in the first place. Really. You should all be ashamed of yourselves!”

A woman sitting across the table stood from her chair. "Caroline, I'll handle this," she said smoothly.

I reached down to grab Brett out of the stroller, asking as I undid the buckle, "Who, may I ask, are you?" I didn’t like the idea of being passed off, and I certainly didn’t like people to think they needed to handle me.

I glared at her, waiting for her answer. She was older than me by ten years, maybe even twenty—it was hard to tell with all the Botox and fillers in her face. Her hair was beautifully set, so stiff it didn’t move when she turned her neck, and her eyes were sharp behind the Vera Wang readers perched on her nose.

"My name is Judith Cleary,” she said. “Caroline is the director here, but I am the head of admissions. I am not sure how you came to the information that you were to be rejected, or who it was that leaked that the reasoning was unsatisfactory parentage, but I am afraid that your facts are not entirely complete."

Bouncing Brett up and down on my hip, I felt my stomach start to sink. "What do you mean?" If Sophia’s information had been wrong, so help me God...

"It wasn't because of you that Mina was given the unsatisfactory parentage enrollment denial, although given these circumstances..."

I ignored the pointedness of her statement and focused on what she’d said first. "That doesn't make any sense. Why would Hudson be considered unsatisfactory?"

Judith Cleary's smile felt cold and mean, sending a chill down my spine. "That, I'm afraid, you'll have to ask your husband."

I tried to call Hudson’s cell four times on the way back to the Bowery with no answer. I called his office directly, and Trish told me he'd put his phone on do not disturb, and asked not to be interrupted. Which was fine when it was his mother calling him, but a totally different story when it was me.

"Would you like me to knock anyway?" Trish asked.

If he was going to have to be interrupted, I wouldn’t have his full attention. Not over the phone. Maybe it would be better to wait until we could be face to face. That would have to be later because I wasn’t dragging Brett and Holden to Midtown. “No, that’s okay. I’ll see him tonight.”

When I got back to the building, Stuart was already holding the door open for Mina and the nanny. With the sudden option of not having to lug the twins around, my plans for the rest of the afternoon could change.

Good. Because I was going to fixate until I talked to Hudson.

"Maya, I need to run an errand," I said after properly greeting my four-year old. "Would you mind taking the twins up with you?"

"Of course not, Mrs. Pierce.”

With my children and their caretaker headed up to the penthouse, I strolled over to the security guard from earlier, the one who'd approached me. I noticed he was alone this time.

"Now I'd like my driver," I said to him.

Just then the doors opened and the other guard walked in. He seemed almost startled at the sight of me. As though he’d been waiting outside for me to leave and thought I’d be gone by now.

Had he been following me?

"Your driver is right now parking in the garage," security man number one said, pulling my attention back to him. "Would you like to meet him down there, or have him pick you up at the curb?"

"I'll go down there." I suddenly wanted to get out of the lobby and away from the men who not only knew my name and were possibly tailing me, but also seemed to have my private driver on speed dial.

By the time I got to Pierce Industries, though, I'd dismissed my thoughts about the security guards as paranoia and moved back to Judith Cleary and her perplexing statement. Did Hudson know her? He’d never mentioned knowing anyone on the board when we’d applied to the school, but maybe he hadn’t been aware she was a member. Or he hadn’t wanted to tell me. She seemed to think he’d understand why we’d been rejected when I told him her name, but why?

"His phone is still on do not disturb," Trish said when I walked into Hudson's waiting area. "He's pretty much had his doors closed all week. I'm sure you can go right on in."

I was glad she was sure that I could, because I was going to.

I walked into his office, shutting the door behind me quietly in case he was in the middle of a serious phone call or train of thought. Hudson, however, wasn't in his office at all. If Trish thought he was, though, there was only one place he could be.

I pushed the button, hoping the key was inside. And it was. Which definitely meant he was in the loft. I rode the one level up and walked out into the living room of the apartment above Hudson's office.

I spotted him right away, sitting on the couch in front of his computer screen.

Fast asleep.

I sighed softly. Poor guy. He'd been working like crazy over the last week. Working too hard, if anyone asked me. He'd never said what the project was that was preoccupying him. It was strange that, whatever it was, it had taken him out of his office and brought him here, of all places.

Ever curious—okay, snoopy was a better term for what I was—I crept over to him and peeked at the computer monitor. There was an image of a conference room of sorts with a table and some chairs, but the room was empty of people. Remote interviews? Unusual for him to be involved in, but nothing interesting.

I looked instead at the papers spread on the coffee table in front of him. A photograph caught my eye, and I reached for it. It was a picture of me, sitting on a park bench with my e-reader. The babies were in their stroller right next to me. I remembered that day. Mina was on the grass attempting cartwheels in front of me.

But who had taken the picture? There hadn't been anyone with us. Was this Jordan’s doing?

I put the photograph back down and picked up the papers. There were several, all covered in handwritten block lettering and blue ink. Very informal in presentation. They certainly didn’t give an immediate impression of being business related.

I scanned through them, quickly at first, but slowed down when their meaning began to sink in, the hair on the back of my neck rising as terrifying phrases jumped off the pages.

“...should have counted on your past coming back to haunt you.”

“...don’t deserve your happy life, Hudson Pierce...”

“The safety of your tower is an illusion.”

“...you think you can protect her?”

“Hold those children tight.”

“...someone should take it all away.”

My hands were shaking, my throat strangled and dry as I gasped. “Oh my God, Hudson! What the hell is going on?”





8





Hudson





Jordan left in the afternoon to follow up on some leads after the interviews from that morning. The timing was good—I was ready for some quiet time to process the re-emergence of my past. Of the old Hudson.

I leaned back on the sofa in the loft and closed my eyes, waiting for the next victim to show up on the screen and divulge all the terrible things I had done. All the terrible things I used to enjoy were far more painful to relive these days.

I opened my eyes again when I heard the actor portraying our “author” delivering her spiel. "I'm writing a tell-all that will expose Hudson Pierce for the man he is...anything you have to contribute...completely anonymous...extremely helpful…” And so on.

Was this whole ruse proof I had never changed? That underneath my family-man persona, I was still the person I had always been? This elaborate set-up to find information on one person who wanted to scare me—was it ironic that I reacted with a manipulative scheme, not unlike the schemes that had put me in this situation in the first place?

Should I be worried I wasn’t more concerned about it?

The man being interviewed began to speak, dishing out his opinion before offering any specifics, in a chillingly monotone voice. "Hudson Pierce is a fraud. A pathetic excuse for a human. He deserves his bad karma and ill will for everything he’s done to the innocent people who tried to know him and love him."

The voice was familiar, but something was wrong with the camera, and the face was coming in blurry on the screen. I could make out the man's body—he wore a suit, not unlike mine. Perfectly tailored, expensive. Crisp and clean. I fiddled with the computer, trying to adjust the settings while the man continued his rant.

"A liar. A sociopath. A deceitful husband. An inattentive father."

That voice—why did I know that voice? I pushed more buttons in frustration. I turned off the monitor and turned it back on, IT’s go-to solution. I even hit it a couple of times, to no avail. I was on the verge of calling Jordan and getting him back to the loft to fix it.

"Unrepentant. His attempts to make amends are shallow and laughable. He hasn't changed."

I found the button to zoom the camera in and the picture suddenly cleared.

"He's exactly the person he's always been—a monster."

The image on the screen was me.

I awoke with a jolt to Alayna’s frantic cry. "My God, Hudson. What's going on?"

I sat up, blinking, disoriented. I was still in the loft. The screen on the television was clear. No one was being interviewed. It was all in my head.

I looked blearily at my wife. "What are you doing here?"

"No. I asked first." Her voice was tight and high-pitched. She held up a stack of papers, her hands trembling. "What the fuck are these?"

My breath caught, but years of practice allowed me to hide that from Alayna. The letters. She'd read the letters.

Fuck!

The adrenaline left over from my dream quickly found a new target. I could only imagine the feelings boiling inside her right now, but more than anything, I knew I had to stay calm.

I couldn't let her panic.

"Give them to me. They’re nothing to worry about," I said, reaching for them, fearing it was too late. The bubble I’d tried to seal her in had popped. And I didn’t know if she would forgive me for putting her there in the first place.

"Like hell there’s nothing to worry about," she said, circling around the coffee table and away from me, clutching the papers to her chest. Her expression said she wasn’t going to make this easy for me. "I've read them, Hudson. Every word, and every word was frightening."

I leveled her with my gaze, focused on making my tone as casual and dismissive as possible. "Alayna, I’m sure you know we get threatening letters like this from time to time. It's why we have a security team in the first place.”

She rolled her eyes. "Yes, of course I know that. I'm not naïve. But those are filled with ‘Down with the one percent’ and ‘Die capitalist pig’ sentiments. Those are generic hate letters written toward anyone with the money and good fortune to be included on a Forbes list." She held the letters out toward me in a pointed gesture. "These talk about kissing your babies goodnight like it’s an episode of My Favorite Murder."

I ran my palm along my thigh, then stopped, afraid she'd see it for the anxious movement that it was. If she knew I was apprehensive, it would only ramp her up even more. I couldn’t focus on keeping her safe if she was feeling hysterical. With a concerted effort, I relaxed my entire body.

"It's true that most threats we get are banal and generic in tone, but that doesn’t lend any more credibility to these than any others. I assure you Jordan is on top of this, as he is on top of all security risks, and there is nothing to be concerned about."

She stared challengingly at me. "You’re telling me you aren’t concerned?"

"I am not," I lied.

And I saw her eyes change as she saw right through me.

"Jesus Christ, it's so bad you won't even tell me the truth." She started pacing the room, bringing her free hand up to rub her chest in a soothing circle.

"Don't be ridiculous. Why wouldn't I be telling you the truth?" It didn’t sound convincing or comforting, and I knew it. I didn’t have the spirit to bullshit her like I needed to. Like I wanted to. This thing was getting to me. I felt like I was losing control. And I needed control.

I started to gather the rest of the papers on the coffee table into a pile, in case she hadn't seen them yet. I hoped she hadn't seen them yet. The endless lists of suspects only proved we had no idea who was sending us these threats. Proved that I really didn't have any sort of handle on this at all.

"I don't know why you’re lying to me. That’s the thing. Unless it's so bad you’re afraid to tell me. Are you afraid I'd get upset? Which really isn't fair, because of course I would get upset because this shithead is threatening my children!"

"With words, precious. Just with words. It's some angry competitor trying to get under my skin, that's all." Better. Not perfect. I piled everything into the manila folder Jordan kept the investigation documents in. If she couldn’t see my eyes, perhaps she wouldn’t be able to see the lie.

And if I couldn’t see hers, I wouldn’t have to see her disappointment.

"Like I said,” I continued the sham, “I'm not concerned about it, and neither should you be."

"And like I said, you’re lying. I know you. If you weren't concerned about it, you wouldn't have it all spread out here in front of you. Jordan would be working on this alone. You wouldn't be looking at any of this at all."

She was fishing. She didn’t know that most threats came in and were taken care of without ever being a blip on my radar. It was a guess, and I took advantage of it. "That's not necessarily true. Jordan was here earlier. He went over some of the details on this particular security threat and assured me it was being dealt with. It was standard protocol, Alayna."

"Yeah, right. You haven't been sleeping. Secret phone calls before dawn. Jordan came to our house on a Saturday morning. Do you really expect me to believe that was protocol?” She stopped her pacing, desperation and anger warring on her beautiful face. “How long has this been going on? How long have you been keeping this from me?”

"I'm not keeping anything from you. There's nothing to keep. It's a few letters that reached an alert level, and we only received them recently."

"One of them mentioned me being on bedrest, Hudson. The twins are almost a year old.” Her eyes suddenly went wide as something occurred to her. "That picture of me with the babies—you have someone following us, right? Our guys took it? It wasn’t... that wasn’t someone else, was it?"

Fuck. She'd seen the picture too. No wonder she wasn’t buying my calm demeanor. "Listen to me," I said as steadily and reassuringly as I could. "You are safe. The babies are safe."

"Then why is your eye twitching?"

"Alayna…" I hated that she could see right through me.

And I loved it too—that she knew me well enough to read my motives and gestures, the tiny tells that went unnoticed by everyone else. No one had ever truly seen me like my wife.

But I sincerely needed to do better than this.

It was bigger than simple reassurance. I had to convince her that she didn't need to worry about this. For her own sake. Not only was I not willing to lose her to the hands of a predator, but I was also not willing to lose her to the anxiety of her own mind.

I stood up, walked over, and put my arm around her. I offered her the comfort I knew she’d always taken in my touch, knowing the strength of my body was there for her alone. With my other hand I took the letters out of her grasp and threw them down on the table. Then I lifted her chin with one finger. "You are overreacting. All of this is Pierce life as usual."

Her brown eyes looked deep into me, and for a moment I thought I had her.

But then her gaze drifted to the left, toward the computer screen. "Do you have suspects? Is that what this is all for?" She pulled out of my arms and walked around the coffee table to look at the screen again. It was still empty, just a room with a table and two chairs. "Do you have the person who’s doing this? You know who it is?"

She sounded so hopeful, I almost let her believe it.

But I couldn't let the lie go that far. I wasn't that man anymore. I refused to be the monster I feared I still was. And that was the gift Alayna had given me—that choice.

I needed to give her a gift now—one of peace.

"Alayna, I promise you that this is being taken care of, and you don't need to worry about it. Go home."

She whipped her neck sharply toward me. "The fact it needs to be dealt with at all means I need to worry. The fact you’re sleeping in the loft means I need to worry. The fact you are lying to me is as good as admitting it.”

"I'm not admitting anything. And I’m not discussing this with you any longer. You are safe. Go home," I repeated, and gently took her by the elbow to escort her out of the loft.

"I'm safe, meaning you got the guy? Meaning you know who it is?" She wasn't going to let it go. Her tenacity had attracted me to her, but at times like this I could do without it.

"You're safe, meaning I have extra security on you. On all of you. Jordan has bodyguards at the penthouse and at Mina’s camp. They’ll follow you everywhere you go from now on." I started walking toward the door.

She wrestled out of my grip. "Extra security? Damnit. I knew that guy was following me today. Why didn’t you just tell me?"

"Because there's nothing—"

"If there's nothing to tell, nothing to worry about," she interrupted me. "Then you wouldn't have to up our security team. Stop patronizing me, Hudson. I’m not an idiot. And what about you? Did you increase your security team too?"

I set my jaw and looked at her sternly. Why did she have to choose today to come visit, of all days?

"I upped your security as a matter of precaution. And to make you feel safe. My own security is exactly what it always has been because the risk is null and there is no reason to increase it.” My blood pressure was rising, I could feel it. Why didn’t she understand I was doing this for her? That everything was for her?

“You mean you upped it to make you feel safe. You weren’t even going to tell me about any of this.”

I would have. Eventually. Perhaps.

It didn’t seem relevant to argue that now.

I needed this fixed. And for that, I needed her gone. “I am telling you there is nothing to worry about, and I mean it. I'm handling it. Trust me."

She shook her head, frustrated tears brimming in her eyes. "You expect me to—"

I settled my hand at her waist, turning her once again toward the door. "I expect you to go home. And I don't want you to fixate on this, either."

I knew as soon as I said it was the wrong thing to say. The tension between us tripled in thickness, growing mean and thistly.

She leaned away from me, her spine straighter, her eyes narrowed. "You didn't tell me because you were worried about my mental health. That's it, isn't it?” She looked ready to spit daggers at me if she could. Daggers I likely deserved, but would take in a heartbeat if it meant I could rewind time and take that back. “Well, fuck you, Hudson."

"Alayna. Precious. That's not what I meant." I reached out for her, but she stepped back.

"Oh, I know what you meant. Thank you. Thank you for validating all my fears of what my husband secretly thinks about me." She stepped back again and headed to the door, walking away from my arms, denying both of us the comfort we’d always found in each other. "If you're stupid enough to come home tonight, plan to sleep on the couch."

"Alayna…” Her name tumbled out of my mouth with no plan for what to say next.

She paused, her hand on the door knob. The rise and fall of her shoulders indicating she had to take a deep breath before she turned to face me, but finally she did turn. “What?”

I didn’t want her to leave angry. I didn’t want her to leave hurt.

But I needed her to leave. I needed her safe.

Only finding the person who was threatening her would give me what I needed, and every moment she was out of security’s sight was another worry for me to shoulder. So I didn’t apologize. I didn’t call her back. Even though I knew the price we were both paying for it.

"Once you get home, don't go anywhere. All right?"

She didn’t answer, but I knew she heard me. Heard how serious I was.

It seemed only to fuel her anger. She threw open the door with a huff and stormed out.

"I love you," I shouted after her.

"Fuck you, Hudson," I heard as the door slammed shut behind her.

I deserved it. Every last fuck you. From her and everyone else who wanted to give it. All I could do was hope she could find a way to trust me again once this was over. I ran a hand through my hair, and sent a text down to the bodyguard in the lobby to let him know she was on her way down. Once he confirmed he had eyes on her, I called Jordan.

"Alayna knows about the extra security team now," I said when he answered. "No need to continue hanging back."

Jordan was silent for a couple of seconds. "Did you tell her? Or did she find out on her own?"

I wasn't in the mood for his I-told-you-so. "Jesus, Jordan, does it matter?"

"I like to have a sense of how cooperative she's going to be. Remember, I’ve worked with her in the past. But I think I understand now. Good luck." He hung up.

Right now I needed more than luck. I needed a glass of scotch and a goddamn miracle.





Just before five, I rode down to my office, took my desktop phone off the do not disturb function, and pressed the button to check in with my secretary. "Anything pertinent I need to know before you leave for the day?"

"It was relatively quiet, actually," Patricia said. "I hope you were able to get a lot of work done. Did Laynie slip out when I wasn't looking?"

That was one way of putting it, yes. I didn't really want my secretary knowing I'd spent my entire working day up in the loft. The fewer people who were alerted to my unusual patterns as of late, the better.

I definitely didn’t want her knowing I’d fought with my wife.

"She needed some time alone, so she slipped out through the loft." It was concerning—disgusting, almost—how easily I fell back into my old patterns of deceit.

"That's probably heaven for her right now. A couple of hours napping in a bed with no kids within earshot." I could hear her smile, and I very nearly felt guilty for lying. Nearly.

"I'm sure it is." God, I was such an asshole. "If there's nothing else—"

"Oh, Lee Chong needs to talk to you urgently. He said call any time tonight. He left you a message with the details on your voicemail. I told him I’d be sure you listened to it and got back to him as soon as possible."

Interesting. Lee Chong owned space near The Sky Launch. We were hardly friends—barely even acquaintances. I'd spoken to him maybe twice in my lifetime. Needless to say, I was curious as to what would prompt an urgent call from the man. "I'll be sure and do that."

I dialed into my voicemail the minute I got off the phone with Patricia. His message was brief. It was also enlightening. In fact, I felt the tiniest bit better. I'd be able to give him what he needed in a simple call.

Seemed I wasn't the only one in my marriage keeping secrets.





9





Alayna





I enjoyed Hudson's touch so much that I pretended I didn't hear him when he crept up behind me in the kitchen the next morning. I took one long breath with his arms around me, filled my nose with his spicy scent, let myself feel his embrace for the barest of moments.

Then I shrugged him off.

"Don't. Please," I said, sharply, pulling a mug down from the cabinet.

He stepped to my side and leaned against the counter, his aftershave wafting over the aroma of freshly brewed coffee, reminding me what I was missing when I was mad.

But I was still far too mad—too hurt—to let it go.

Hudson was my best friend, my anchor. Discovering he was hiding things from his crazy wife was a knife in my gut, one that twisted anew every time I remembered the look in his eyes when he looked right at me and lied.

But in some ways I did understand. I would forgive him. Once he stopped doing what he was doing, and made it up to me properly. Once he admitted that just because I was paranoid, it didn’t mean I wasn’t under threat.

Until then... I stepped away from him again.

"So we're still doing this, are we?" he asked.

"It's not me who's doing anything, Hudson. It's you who has all the secrets locked up inside and doesn't want to share the key."

"Right," he said, a note of sarcasm in his tone, likely because I had been doing something—specifically, I'd been giving him the cold shoulder. He'd come home at dinnertime, ignoring my warning to stay late at the office, but I'd managed to get through the whole entire evening without speaking more than three words to him. And he most certainly had not slept next to me in our bed.

"I see that you didn't sleep on the couch like I specifically asked.” I poured the coffee into my mug and ignored his waiting cup.

"I saw no point in sleeping on the couch when there was a perfectly good bed in the guest room."

"The point was that you would be miserable.” I handed him the pot with barely a centimeter of liquid at the bottom of it.

"Believe me—I was still miserable," he said in that charming way that he had, moving his gaze up and down my body to leave me in no doubt as to what he was missing. Even after all these years it made my stomach flutter.

But I wouldn't be won over that easily this time.

I grabbed my coffee and headed to the kitchen table, stopping by the fridge to nab the creamer. "Well, until I feel less miserable, you can go right ahead and stay in there at night, as far as I'm concerned," I told him, regretting the words as soon as I said them. It had been pretty terrible in the king-size bed without him too, if I were being honest. I never slept well without him by me. I was addicted to him in so many ways.

Was I pushing him even farther away with this?

"I guess I better start working harder." He poured more coffee grounds inside the coffee maker and then took the pot to the sink to fill it with water. "What do you have on your agenda for today?"

I stared at him in his fitted Armani suit. It was light gray, like his eyes, and it brought out all of his best physical features. Once upon a time I would've maybe tried different tactics to get him to open up. Ones that involved me getting into that suit, or rather, getting him out of it. Once upon a time, he wouldn't have been able to keep his hands—or eyes—off of me, especially when I was wearing a skimpy nightgown like I was.

Were we better together now? Or were we boring?

Before yesterday, when I'd been convinced he would share anything with me, even the things that scared him—especially the things that scared him—I would've said we were better.

But now, I wasn’t as sure.

"Alayna?" he asked again, when I didn't answer his question.

"Things," I said dismissively. "My usual things." He wasn't going to tell me his stuff, and I certainly wasn't going to tell him my stuff. Tit for tat. A secret for a secret.

Okay, so I hadn't planned on telling him what I was doing today before I found out about his secret, but that was beside the point. Now more than ever, I felt a desperate desire to lose myself in my business, to drown my fears under an ocean of paperwork.

"You boosted security at The Sky Launch too, didn't you?" I asked, suddenly worried I wasn’t being careful enough about this.

"Yes," he said slowly. "Why do you ask?" He eyed me carefully—suspiciously?

No, I was being paranoid.

"Because I don't want anyone to get hurt or threatened there in some crazy douchebag's attempt to get to me." Not exactly a lie.

"How thoughtful." He continued to study me. "I'd like you to stay put today, Alayna. Do you hear me?"

"Jesus, you’re kidding me, right?" I stirred my coffee with my finger then took a giant swig. "I can't stay locked in the penthouse like your princess in a tower. Even Mina goes to camp. I have things to do too."

"Today you have things? You have to leave the house today?" The coffee pot beeped that it was done, but he ignored it, keeping his focus on me. I avoided his eyes as he stared hard.

"Maybe." I knew if I followed this through I would have to name what those things were. A secret for a secret. A lie for a lie. "All right, so there's nothing today. But there could be."

I swallowed my guilt down with another sip from my mug.

"Stay put, Alayna." He turned to the cupboard and pulled down a to-go thermos, then poured the coffee inside. When he was done he turned back to me, and added sternly, "And if you do go anywhere, don't give your bodyguards a hard time."

That almost made me smile. Because he knew me well enough to know how hard it was for me to accept an order. Because he knew me well enough to know I would give anyone who got in my space a hard time.

Because he knew me and he put up with me anyway.





"So do you think it's someone who knows Hudson? Or some rando who’s jealous and spiteful?" Gwen asked later that morning at The Sky Launch when I finished telling her everything I knew about the letters and the heightened security.

She had looked shocked while I spilled, but she didn’t seem nearly as frantic as I was about it. Was that because it wasn’t happening to her? Or was it another sign that I was overreacting?

The answer to that might depend on the answer to her question.

Someone who knew my husband might have real cause to wish him harm. Or it could be some unhinged stranger who got wrapped up in Hudson Pierce. A random whoever who could eventually get distracted, or medicated, or arrested, and we’d never hear from him again.

Could.

Or they could be as fixated as I could get.

I crossed my leg and perched on the edge of the loveseat, considering. We had remodeled the office while I'd been on bedrest with the twins, so now instead of two desks there was one large table that Gwen and I sat on either side of while we worked. We figured it was the best use of space since both of us were usually not on duty at the same time, and we liked to look at each other when we did work together, so we could talk and gossip in between running day sheets and balance reports. Of course, I hadn't been back since the new design had been implemented, but the place looked good.

Today, she sat at the desk/table, while I lounged, thinking, in the sitting area on the opposite side of the room since I wasn't officially on the clock.

"I don't know," I answered, finally. "There were some pretty specific things in those letters. Things I didn’t even understand, but I don’t think they were vague references."

"Someone Hudson used to work with, then? An employee? A business rival?"

"Yeah, maybe something like that." Though I had a feeling our threat didn’t have anything to do with Hudson's job or career or how much money he made, but rather the games he used to play. Games was the term he always used when he talked to me about the schemes he’d pulled in the past.

Manipulation and bullying were more like it.

I hadn't told Gwen about that part of Hudson's past, and I wasn't about to now. It meant I had to dance around some of her questions, and since she seemed hell-bent on my life being one of those thriller books that she read, she had a lot of them.

Besides, there was no telling where and how the information came from. For all I knew, there were whole internet sites devoted to compiling lists of my husband’s misdeeds.

"Are you worried?" she asked now.

I bounced my ankle in the air where it dangled. "A little. Maybe more than a little. I wouldn't be worried if Hudson would give me the status and tell me exactly what was going on, but since he's trying to dismiss it and say it's no big deal, I’m a little more convinced that’s not the case." I shrugged.

"Does he not even know you? Of course you would worry."

No, he knew me. Knew me too well. Well enough to be concerned about how much I’d worry, but I didn’t want Gwen concerned about that too, so I kept it to myself.

She tilted her head in thought. "I didn't think much about it when he said we were updating the security system here. It just happens sometimes, needing an upgrade, but this was a pretty expansive upgrade. That was more than a year ago now. Then, on Monday, we all of a sudden had a second set of security guards working the doors."

More than a year ago.

That letter had to have arrived while I’d been pregnant. All of this had to have begun around then. Had Hudson been acting off for that long, and I'd missed it?

"I know what you're thinking," Gwen said, assuming she could read my mind. "But you've had a lot going on. Being a mom and taking care of one kid is enough of a handful. You had a hard pregnancy and birthed twins. Your home life probably seems like it's turned upside down. If there’s been something going on this whole time, how the hell could you be expected to spot it? Even if Hudson has acted differently, you’d probably attribute it to not enough sleep and the new chaotic life.”

I guess she could read my mind.

"Or maybe it hasn't been that serious until recently." I still hated the idea that I could have gone so long unaware of something weighing so heavily on my husband. "You did say the extra security started this week. And that's true at home too."

“Good point. Maybe something changed. The threat got more real.” She suddenly narrowed her eyes. "Should you even be here?"

"Oh my God, you sound like Hudson.” I stood up and smoothed my hands down over my skirt. "He’s gone out of his way to make it safe here. Obviously. And at least here I have something to do. At home, I have nothing—"

"—except being the mother of two kids under one, and a preschooler," Gwen interrupted.

"I have nothing," I repeated, louder, "that challenges my mind, and I'll end up obsessing over those letters until I drive myself crazy. Trust me. It's better for everyone that I'm out of the house. Besides, I didn't want to cancel on Lee Chong on such short notice. It’s taken long enough already for these pieces to fall into place."

I followed Gwen's glance up to the clock on the wall. "But your appointment with Lee Chong isn't until this afternoon," she said. "Why are you here so early?"

"I wanted to drop off my materials for the presentation before I ran my other errand. Which I should be getting to now if I want to get back in plenty of time." I stood, picking up my purse from the floor beside me. I'd already unloaded my laptop with my PowerPoint presentation and the drawings I'd mocked up for the event space stored on it.

I was certain once Mr. Chong saw them, he’d see why we were the perfect buyers.

Gwen sat back in her chair, a brow raised. "Errand? You said you were safe because there was extra security here at The Sky Launch. Is it really smart for you to go anywhere else? And why do I have a feeling that whatever this errand of yours is, it isn't going to make your husband very happy?"

"Well, he's not making me happy right now either," I huffed.

But she was right. It was probably wise to make sure someone knew where I was at all times. Ideally, someone who wasn’t Hudson Pierce.

"Look. He can't expect me to sit back and let him do all the work on this by himself. Some of those threat letters referenced things in his past, things that I couldn't make any sense of, but that doesn't mean there isn't somebody who can."

She sat forward, suddenly alert. "Don't tell me you're going to Celia Werner about this."

"No." Though that was an interesting thought. And potentially better than my own. I considered, then shook my head. Facing that dragon was one step too far. "She isn't the only woman who knew Hudson before I did."

"Okay. Good. Because for a minute there I thought you’d truly gone crazy." She smiled as though she wasn't quite sure if she'd gone too far in her terminology.

I grinned back, letting her see me accept the phrase with no harsh feelings.

"Hey, you don't think she's behind these threats, do you?"

I'd already considered it. How could I not? Celia in my life, weaseling in near our family was a constant concern for me. "She just had a baby," I said, sharing the conclusions I'd come to on my own. "She can't possibly be so obsessed with us that she's been hounding Hudson for the last year and a half—could she?"

Gwen's shrug said she was as undecided about that as I was. On one hand, it didn’t really seem like her style. Celia usually preferred subtlety. On the other hand, if this was something she’d put someone up to, we could be certain that whatever her game was, this would only be her opening gambit.

"For the moment, I'm giving her the benefit of the doubt. Because of the motherhood and marriage thing. But she’s certainly on my possibility list," I said.

"Hard to imagine that you might have enemies worse than her," my friend said sympathetically.

"I know, right?" A chill ran down my spine at the thought of someone worse than Celia. For once in my life, I was thankful for Hudson's bodyguards.





Thirty minutes later, with Brody, today's security sidekick, I rang the bell at Mirabelle's boutique in Greenwich Village. She opened the door, already babbling.

"Laynie! You don’t have an appointment today. What are you doing here? Of course I'm so happy to see you. And you never have to have an appointment to come by. I will always fit you in. Do you need something to wear for an occasion? Something special that I can help you with? Is Hudson taking you somewhere special? Or is this a social visit? And who’s the stocky bald guy brooding in the corner? Did you finally hire a personal assistant? Not the type I thought you’d go for, but to each her own.”

My sister-in-law was in her usual perky mood. No one could simultaneously energize and soothe me quite like Mira, without me ever getting a word in edgewise. She hugged me and shoved a glass of champagne into my hand, then rushed off to attend to another client before I could answer a single one of her questions. I watched her flit around tirelessly and felt a pang of envy. The energy and speed she naturally had in her body had likely helped her regain her pre-pregnancy body with little effort.

It was a tempo I recognized, but had never achieved physically. Even before the children, when I would run regularly, I never had her energy. Only my head, my thoughts, ever traveled that fast. That unstoppably. Watching her was like seeing my mind personified.

Sometimes it was exhausting to look at, and I had to turn away.

Finally, she had a moment free, and she pulled me aside into a consultation area near the dressing rooms where we could sit and talk.

"So what is it? Need a dress or an escape? I'm happy to provide both."

I chuckled as I finished off the last of the champagne she'd given me, then set the glass down on the table between us. It was neither, but between being here and the bubbles, it did feel like a momentary breather from my frenetic worrying.

"Actually, I wanted to ask you something. I thought you might be able to help enlighten me about Hudson. About his past." I swallowed.

The corners of her mouth turned down slightly. "That's an odd request. I am intrigued. What exactly do you want to know?"

I hadn't yet decided which way I was approaching my conversation with Mira before I'd arrived, whether I was going to tell her about the letters Hudson had received or not, but on the spot, I decided to be transparent. I explained to her everything that I knew, what I'd seen—the extra security, Hudson's refusal to tell me any more. After telling Gwen earlier, I had the story down to a concise narrative.

Mira's face was expressive as I spoke, her mouth gaping, her eyes wide. By the time I was done she was no longer sitting in her seat, but up out of her chair and bouncing around the room.

"Oh my God, Hudson!" she exclaimed. "I can't believe he was keeping you in the dark like this. Doesn’t he understand anything about his wife? Of course you're going to obsess about it. Of course you would want to investigate on your own. Does he not know you? Does he not think of you as a partner? Marriage is supposed to be a two-way street! This is absurd! I’d kill Adam."

"Exactly!" It was so relieving to know she was on my side, that she understood where I was coming from. It had been a risk coming to Hudson’s sister. She might've felt inclined to defend him, being his blood relative and all. "That brings me to why I came to you. I was hoping you would maybe be able to shed some light on the past. Maybe you could direct me to who might've sent the letters? He's not helping me, since he's not letting me know what angle he's working." I sat back, pleased that this had gone so easily.

To my shock, Mira turned her frustration back to me.

"No way. Because what are you even thinking, Laynie? Going off behind his back like this? It's one thing for him to keep something from you, but you're just as bad. Isn't this the kind of thing that's got you in trouble in the past? Tip-toeing around him? Two wrongs never make a right. And I am not about to get in the middle of your marriage squabble. You two need to work this out. You go back to him and you get him to open up to you. And thank you very much, for bringing whatever drama safety issue this is to my store. Did you even think about that? You’re a mother now. You have kids. Kids! You can't go chasing down the bad guys like there are no consequences. Now promise me you aren’t going to follow up on anymore of this bullcrap and you’ll leave the investigating to the people who do that for a living.”

“Mira! I can’t promise—”

She cut me off. “Promise me, Laynie, or I’m calling Hudson and telling him what you’re up to. I am a mother, too, in case you forgot, and if you won’t be safe, keep us safe, I’ll make sure it happens.”

I sucked a breath in and held it, afraid if I let it out, I’d explode. Not just because I didn’t want to give up my investigation, but because I had so much bursting inside of me, so much emotion and anxiety building up about these threats and nowhere to put the energy. What was I supposed to do with all of it? Let it keep hold of me and my thoughts, let the obsessions take root in my mind? I didn’t want to be the insane, fixated woman that my husband seemed to think he’d married.

But I definitely didn’t want to put other people in danger—not Mira. Not my kids.

Not even me.

“Okay. Fine,” I promised woefully.

“Thank you,” she said, sharply. Then she walked out of the consultation room shutting the door loudly behind her. All the energy I’d felt in her presence had collapsed into sheer exhaustion. I was no closer to uncovering the truth than I was before, and I’d upset the only sister I had in the bargain.

A second later the door opened again. "I’m bringing something for you to try on, by the way, so that if I bump into my brother later and it comes up that I saw you, I won't be lying when I say you stopped by to get a new dress." She left the room again, slamming the door as hard as she had the first time.

I supposed I'd forgotten she'd always been on our side—Hudson’s and mine—as a team.

And there was absolutely one thing I could always count on Mira for without question— picking out the right outfit.

She sent her assistant back to the dressing room with a stunning Diane Von Furstenberg wrap, color-blocked in luxurious shades of dark blue. It fit perfectly when I put it on, accentuating the hips I’d developed over the last few years, hiding the belly that had been a souvenir from childbirth.

It made me feel sexy and alluring.

Womanly.

Like the Alayna I'd been when Hudson had fucked me in front of the mirror in this very dressing room all those years ago. The one whose very worst flaw had piqued the interest of the very best man she’d ever met. Not like the Alayna of today, the one who'd almost forgotten to brush her hair before leaving the apartment and had to change her outfit once already this morning after the baby spit up on it.

I smiled at my reflection. At least the trip downtown hadn't been a waste. The dress was going home with me. Hudson had, of course, been right—I wasn’t spending enough time on me. On us.

Something told me that the look in his eyes when he saw me in this would be every bit as hungry as it ever was in those first heady days.

"It's exquisite," Stacy, Mirabelle's longtime assistant said, peering over my shoulder.

"You think so? I like it, too." I appreciated Stacy's opinion, and I trusted her. We had a rocky start when we'd first met, and though we weren't exactly friends now, we were friendly. She'd once had a crush on Hudson—but, seriously, who hadn’t? Unfortunately for her, she'd ended up the victim of one of Celia Werner's games and had believed that Hudson liked her back.

Yet another victim I’d forgotten to list.

I'd been swept into the game too. Been tricked into believing there'd been more going on than there had been—not between Stacy and Hudson, but between Celia and Hudson. My investigations back in the day had led me to cornering Stacy, thinking she had the proof I needed to determine the nature of Hudson and Celia's true relationship.

She hadn't, in the end. But seeing her now, remembering that she was a part of Hudson's past, had the gears in my overactive mind whirring in a new direction.

"Stacy, I'd like to ask you something," I said, spinning toward her. I paused, remembering my promise only moments ago to Mira, then immediately disregarding it. This wasn’t a fresh investigation, after all, merely exhausting my options in the place I’d already started one.

"I know I said I would never involve you in any drama again, but I wouldn't ask you if it wasn't important. Do you know of anyone who might be… jealous… or maybe angry at Hudson? Angry enough to… threaten him in any way?"

Stacy laughed incredulously. "Are you kidding? That's about everybody in the New York City phone book. He's richer than fuck. Of course people are jealous of him. And he's a businessman. Of course people are mad at him, too." She stepped forward to untie the bow of the wrap at my waist. "You want me to bring this up front for you?"

I put my hand on hers, halting her. "I'm serious." Then my thoughts went another direction. What if…

I dropped my hand, and took a step away. "Stacy, are you still hung up on my husband?"

I had it in my head that it was a man sending the letters, but it could as easily have been a woman. Stacy would've known about his past, and she'd known about my bedrest. What if she still resented everything that happened before?

She straightened, her height going up by another full inch, it seemed. "Are you for real?”

The anger rolling off her was thick, blanket thick. I began to think I'd made a serious mistake in my accusation. "I'm sorry, that was probably a stupid—"

"You have some nerve, Alayna Withers Pierce. After everything you put me through before. Putting me in the middle of your soap opera drama. Dragging me into your personal shit, and what did I ever get out of it? More accusations? I've never been anything but loyal to Mirabelle. Never done anything but admire the Pierces. You have some nerve. You can get someone else to ring up your dress."

She stomped off toward the door then stopped suddenly. "Oh, and tell your guy to stop hanging out around here. Three times this week I've seen him. He's making our clients nervous."

She left, slamming the door almost as loudly as Mira had, before I could ask what guy she was talking about. Before I could apologize. For the second time in a quarter of an hour, I’d alienated someone I liked.

And for what?

I sighed as I finished undressing myself. If there was a strange guy hanging around Mirabelle's boutique, it could mean that Hudson had sent extra security here as well, which meant the danger extended further than he led me to believe.

Or the guy was the danger.

The one thing I knew for sure was that this investigation would be a whole lot easier if I had Hudson working with me.





10





Hudson





I pushed stop on the video screen, shutting off the current remote interview, as soon as I heard the elevators doors open into the loft. When I'd left Alayna that morning, telling her to stay put, I knew she had no intention of doing that. Typical Alayna. But I hadn't expected her to show up here.

To my surprise, it wasn't Alayna who walked out in a fit of energy, but my younger brother.

I exchanged an annoyed glance with Jordan.

"Satcher Rutherford, man…” Chandler began. “You sure how to pick them, Hudson."

It was enough of an intro to keep me listening.

"I mean, he knows his shit, for sure. The Rutherfords own over sixty successful nightclubs around the world—New York, Atlanta, Las Vegas, Brazil, London, Tokyo—and Satcher is himself responsible for at least half of those clubs."

He took off his jacket and threw it over the armchair, then began loosening his tie while he talked. I tried to bite down the gravel of irritation that he was making himself comfortable. I didn’t want this to be a long visit. I hadn’t wanted this to be a visit at all.

His DNA must have contained none of the people-reading genes I’d gotten, because he droned on. "Thank God I did my research first, because the way you sent me out of that meeting a couple of weeks ago, I thought I was looking for a consultant to help us out with our reopening. Obviously Rutherford is way above consultation pay himself, and from what I've discovered in my digging, he's not into sharing information. I realized this needed to be an investment opportunity for him. So that was the proposal I put together—I didn't ask you about it because Trish says you've been on do not disturb for the entire week and also? Because fuck you, I'm part of Pierce Industries, and I can make decisions myself. I don't need you to sign off on all my shit."

I, in fact, owned Pierce Industries, and Chandler did work for me. But I had learned he worked better when he believed we were on equal footing, so again, I bit my tongue.

"The problem is that getting a meeting with the guy is harder than getting a meeting with the Queen of England." He turned toward the fridge and snagged a water bottle from inside, then leaned against the kitchen counter facing us, looking as self-assured as a guy who’d gotten a meeting with the Queen.

He hadn’t.

"Chandler, don't exaggerate. Facts only, please."

"That's not an exaggeration. I probably could get a meeting with the Queen of England. Genevieve has a friend of a friend who knows a guy. Remember, she's from Britain." As if all British people had an in at Buckingham Palace.

That was Chandler for you.

"If you're just here to tell us your hardships, with no question or real information, could you please do it at a later time? We actually are in the middle of something here." I didn't bother wrapping my sentiments in niceties. It would only provoke him to stay longer.

"There is a point. I have a question." He said, pointing his water bottle in my direction.

"Then do get on to it."

"I'm getting there. I'm providing the background information first. Otherwise you won't understand the question." He took a swig of water, and I could feel my eye twitch in impatience.

"So. Apparently, if you want to talk to Satcher there's a process." He put the word process in air quotes, as best as he could with one hand holding a water bottle. "No matter who you are. Even the grand and mighty Pierce name couldn't get around that. So I first had to talk to his guy, again. He's younger than me, and get this—his name is Dudley. Dudley! Can you imagine naming a child Dudley? A baby Dudley! I can’t even imagine calling a baby a grown-up name like that. What do you nickname him? Dud? It was seriously the only thing that went through my mind the whole time I was talking to him on the phone. It's ridiculous. Having a guy named Dudley is ridiculous. Never name a baby Dudley."

"You seem to be thinking about babies a lot here. Are you and your fiancée expecting?" Jordan asked.

Whether he was sincere or that was his version of dry humor, I liked it. Like I said, there were many reasons I kept him on the payroll.

"No, once again, for everyone in the room—Genevieve is not pregnant. And we’re not having any babies any time soon. We only think about them all the time because everyone around us has them as often as most people change their bedsheets."

That seemed to say a lot about how often—or not—Chandler changed his bedsheets. But I wanted him out of there, so I didn't interject with that particular comment.

"Anyway, Dudley, was very critical of our proposition. Did you know that Atlantic City is a dead zone right now? Why do we even have a nightclub there? Apparently nobody goes there for nightlife anymore. The whole city is, like, over."

I centered a hard gaze in his direction. "Exactly why we need to have the very best behind our nightclub opening. To bring the population back."

"Right. Exactly. I know that." He took another swig from his water bottle. "That's totally what I was going to say to Satcher. When I saw him. Because even though I didn't convince Dudley Do-Right that our nightclub was a good idea, he did think that Satcher would want to hear about it, to—and I quote—'have a good laugh.' So he advanced me to the next step, which was giving me a direct line to Satcher."

"Good job. Sounds very productive and somewhat amusing." I stood up, ready to usher my brother out.

"Wait. I am nowhere near done."

I took a deep breath in. I'd been afraid of this. I stuck a hand in my pocket and urged him to continue with a nod of my head.

"So I call Rutherford. I was expecting to talk to a secretary or something, but it was his actual direct line. When he answered, as soon as I introduced myself as a Pierce, the phone somehow goes dead. I give him the benefit of the doubt—maybe there was a lousy connection. I call him back. I go straight to voicemail. I called him back again. Straight to voicemail. I called him back four more times. Finally he answered."

At least my brother had fortitude. If that's what that was called.

"This time he let me get past my last name and propose a meeting to discuss an investment opportunity. He said he didn’t want to have anything to do with Hudson Pierce or Pierce Industries. You were obviously not kidding when you said he did not like you."

I could feel Jordan's gaze on me, could feel the questions in his head that he had yet to ask.

"But I told Satcher, no worries. I really don’t like you either. You’re a fucking asshole. Everyone knows that."

I pinched the bridge of my nose, hoping to ward off the headache that immediately threatened to take over the space in my skull.

"Hey, it got me a meeting," he said.

"I suppose you do what you need to do." I didn't have to be happy about it.

"Or, I thought it got me a meeting. Because when I showed up at his New York office, his secretary seemed surprised. She said he must have made a mistake about his calendar, and he wasn't even in the office that day. ‘He must've double booked.’ I didn't buy it. He wanted to humiliate me and waste my time, and he succeeded. I looked like a goddamn idiot. This time, though, I was smart—I got the secretary’s information. Shelley. Cute plump redhead. Little flirting with her got me her cell number as well as Satcher's cell. Called him later that night, told him there must've been a mixup, pretended to give him the benefit of the doubt. He apologized. Said he appreciated my tenacity—my tenacity! How fucking patronizing. Like I was an intern instead of a peer in his field! He appreciated it so much he set up dinner for the next night at Gaston’s."

"Good work," I began again with my exit spiel.

"He stood me up again." Chandler took another swig of water. "I'm telling you—this guy is Douche Juice with a capital D. It's a wonder the two of you aren't friends."

I narrowed my eyes. "In other words, you've taken the very long route of telling me that you've been unsuccessful in this endeavor.”

I headed to the wet bar and poured a glass of Macallan. Two fingers.

"Au contraire! I made another phone call. This time to Shelley. Used all my charm and discovered that Mister Douche Juice isn't even in the country right now. But! He's opening up a new club in Austin and will be there in person tomorrow. I fly out first thing in the morning."

I picked up the glass and turned toward him, my brows raised in surprise. "Good work! Sounds like you really didn't need me at all." It felt surprisingly nice.

"Here’s where I need you,” he said, stepping over my congratulatory toast. “I need to know what the fuck you did to this guy to make him hate you so much and how the hell I’m supposed to get him to want to work with us now."

So much for that feeling of relief.

I crossed over to him, took the bottle of water out of his hand and replaced it with the glass of scotch.

"Well, thank you, bro. But it's only two-thirty. A little early for a drink, don't you think?"

"You asked me how I suggest you deal with him. This is my answer."

He scowled, but he took a sip of the scotch. “And why does he hate you?”

I didn’t even think before I answered. “We had a schoolboy rivalry. Simple as that.”

“No fucking way it’s that simple. Not when he’s going out of his way to mess with me because of my connection to you thirty years later.”

“Thirty years… It was half that long ago.” I paused a moment to do the math. Time flew faster than it had seemed. “Twenty years ago, anyway. How old do you think I am?”

“Don’t worry about your age, Hudson. You look good for pushing forty.”

“I’m not pushing…” I trailed off when I saw Chandler flash his cocky grin and realized he was trying to press my buttons.

I usually didn’t let him rile me up. The pressure was obviously getting to me.

“Might this Rutherford be our guy?” Jordan asked, leaning forward.

“No,” I dismissed quickly. Then I reconsidered. “Perhaps. If he’s really still holding a grudge.”

“What guy? The guy for this job, because if he’s not, tell me now before I fly to Texas tomorrow.” Chandler asked. “And is he really still holding a grudge?”

“Jordan’s talking about something else. He’s definitely still the guy for the Atlantic City job.” I rubbed my hand over my face. “Unless he is our guy,” I muttered to myself. “Which is very unlikely. I couldn’t possibly have wounded his ego enough to push him to this extreme now.”

I felt both men’s eyes on me, but it was Chandler who spoke first.

“Want to tell us what happened between you and Satcher and let us decide if he deserves to hate you today? Let me rephrase—because I know you don’t want to tell me anything ever, especially anything that has to do with you or your past, but maybe you could make an exception this once.”

He was right—this wasn’t a tale I wanted to tell. Jordan should hear it, but I could wait and tell him later, when we were alone. I’d worked very hard to protect my brother from knowing about the games of my youth, and there wasn’t any reason to change that now, but perhaps he did deserve this one sliver of my history.

I glanced at my watch to confirm the time. Two twenty-four, to be precise. I didn’t have to rush off just yet.

Unfortunately.

“Fine,” I sighed. I needed a drink first.

I headed to the bar and poured another glass of scotch for myself while Chandler slung himself into my armchair.

“What’s all this?” he asked, gesturing to the screen set-up where we’d been watching more victims from my past be interviewed for the sham tell-all. “Binging Scandal on Netflix?”

Jordan responded before I got the chance. “Something like that.”

“Nothing at all like that,” I corrected, not wanting Chandler to get the idea that I sat around on my ass, accomplishing very little with my days and still taking all the credit. “Remote interviews.” I took a swallow of my liquor, embracing the warmth of the burn and the way it loosened the tightness of my jaw and shoulders.

"As I said," I began, returning to the couch with my drink in hand, "we were kids when this took place. I’ve known Satcher for as long as I can remember. Our families were very close friends. I'm several months older than Satcher, but it worked out to being the same grade level. Before high school, we’d usually only seen each other on the rare occasions where our parents would bring their children to socialize with them—birthday parties, summer events. We didn’t tend to ever enjoy each other’s company, but it was never an issue until we were freshman together."

"Hold up, hold up," Chandler interrupted. He sat forward, pausing dramatically before asking, "Our parents had friends?"

I wondered for a moment if he was trying to be smart, but then remembered that Chandler was eleven years younger than I, and had seen a very different side of our parents then I had. "Yes. A long time ago, they had a small group of friends. It consisted of the Werners, the Rutherfords, and two other couples. They were all very entwined in each other’s lives, especially the Rutherfords and our parents. They were almost as wrapped up in each other as they were wrapped up in business and shopping."

"Why do you sound so sour about it? It’s kind of sweet, thinking about Mom and Dad hanging out with friends like regular people." Chandler had that puppy-dog look in his eyes that he often got. He was the kind of guy who overly romanticized most situations.

"There was nothing sweet about their entangled lives. It was scandal and dysfunction and alcoholism, each of them enabling each other in their addictions and encouraging one another to further ignore their children."

"Oh," he said nodding his head as though he understood. "Mom gave people attention other than you and you got jealous. Got it. Your life is suddenly becoming quite clear.”

I stared hard at him and scowled. "If you want me to go on, you will keep your inaccurate commentary to yourself."

He mimed zipping up his mouth, but his eyes gleamed like he'd scored some point in an imaginary game he undoubtedly thought he was playing with me.

I ignored him, and instead focused on Jordan. "As I said, Satcher and I didn't have much to do with each other in our younger days. Not much that mattered, until we were freshman, and finally in the same school together, where it became obvious that he had an agenda to earn a certain notoriety among our peers. Apparently, he felt that said notoriety would be best achieved by engaging in a feud with me. I'm still not sure why he chose me to be his rival—perhaps because I was the head of my class, an obvious choice, or because of our parents acquaintanceship—but our freshman and sophomore years were very tense, to put it lightly."

"Like what did he do? Steal your girlfriend? Instigate a fight after study hall? Did he get you sent to detention?" Obviously, Chandler had forgotten he’d zipped his mouth shut.

"I have never served a day of detention in my life," I said, making sure the air, and facts, were clear. "Our rivalry was much subtler than that. Yes, there were stolen love interests, both on my side and his, but that was nothing compared to the levels we eventually reached. Once he found out the subject of my final presentation for honors economics, he stole the idea and presented it before I did. I had to come up with a brand new idea and work frantically through the night to have mine ready the next day. Another time he convinced a student teacher that I was obsessed with her, and she ended up transferring classrooms because of it."

I didn't mention that I’d gotten him back for that one by writing a series of love letters to the men's rowing coach on Rutherford’s personal stationary signed in his name. That situation had been quite sticky, leading to the coach confronting Satcher one day in the locker room. Thankfully, the kid knew judo and the teacher was fired.

In retrospect, I suppose the teacher was less thankful.

Of course, Satcher’s real wrath got taken out on me. Quietly and unnoticeably to the adults around us.

The two of us had kept on our war through two grades. I’d practiced manipulation on Satcher Rutherford, matching each of his moves with one of my own. We’d been quite alike, the two of us, each smart and witty, but where I had been cold with my calculations, he’d been passionate. His moves always had flair. He’d intrigued me for that reason. I’d envied him that—his heart. His fire. His ability to both feel and plot. It wasn’t a brand of power I’d encountered before, and I hadn’t understood it. He'd been a good chess player, for that reason. I'd seldom been able to guess his moves. Often, he’d had me cornered.

Until he couldn’t anymore.

“So then what happened?” Chandler asked, eager for more. It was strange how much I enjoyed his rapt attention.

I forced myself to quit drawing the thing out. "Long story short, the two of us didn't get along, and by the summer after tenth grade, I'd had enough of it. So when both of our families summered together at the Hamptons, I upped my game."

"You know," Chandler said turning to Jordan, "this is almost as good as Scandal. And that has a Pierce Industries in it too."

I could see the effort it took for Jordan not to roll his eyes, and made a note to give him a bonus.

“So? What did you do?” Chandler asked.

"I convinced Satcher's parents that one of them was having an affair." It had been easier than I’d expected. Their marriage had apparently already been fragile and on the brink. The simple placement of a pair of skimpy women's underwear, which I'd stolen from Chandler's nanny's quarters, tangled in bed sheets, along with a spray of my mother's perfume inside one of Satcher's father’s dinner jackets was all it took. It had been so simple to sneak up to their master bedroom plant the items I needed to while everyone was distracted during a summer weekend party.

I couldn't have predicted how far the stunt would go. Not only did the scandal cause the Rutherfords to separate, they also moved away from New York. “How was I supposed to know that neither parent would feel emotionally capable of handling their son on their own?” I asked innocently.

Chandler looked from me to Jordan. “What does that mean? I’m lost.”

"They got divorced and sent their kid to boarding school,” Jordan guessed, with no judgment in his tone, just clarification of the facts.

I nodded. "An all-boys school in upstate Connecticut. I haven't spoken to him since.”

Chandler's earlier look of awe turned to one of utter shock. "But that's… that's… that's so mean!”

“That type of unresolved animosity from one’s formative years might show up later in life.” Jordan’s meaning was clear—he was adding Satcher to his suspect list. Wisely, now that I’d thought about it. “I’ll follow up.”

“And you should say you’re sorry!" Chandler exclaimed, indignantly.

I threw back the rest of my scotch and set my glass down with a thunk before setting him straight. "I'm not sorry. That preppy little asshole wreaked havoc in my life. I was glad to see him out of it."

For once in his life, my brother’s mouth was open, but he had nothing to say.

Now I just needed to steer Chandler in the direction I wanted him to go.

I stood up and buttoned my jacket.

"I don't expect you to grovel for me either, Chandler. If that’s the route you choose to go, that’s on you. Frankly, I’m not keen on going into a business venture with him, either. My original intent had been… more subversive. If you had asked me, I wouldn’t have approved of the route you chose, clearly. But since you’re already walking that path, I recommend you use our dislike for each other to your advantage. Assure him that my feelings for him are mutual and that a partnership will both keep an enemy close and allow him to make money off me at the same time. He might find that gratifying. It’s the only reason I’m allowing you to keep on with this proposal.

“Or, you could take the simpler alternative,” I continued. “Call the secretary back, charm her into giving you the number of a consultant to help revive the club, and you won’t have to do any more business with Rutherford at all. It’s your choice.”

I was snippy, but I had enough guilt built up on my shoulders for the deeds of my past without my brother adding to the pile. And, for all the things I had to make amends for, Satcher Rutherford was not even close to being on my priority list.

In fact, I was rather proud of how that one had shaken out.

Little shithead.

“Now I’d love to stay and listen to you continue to compare my very real life to some overly-dramatic television show that has obviously used the name of our company in it’s scripting—Jordan, make a note to talk to a trademark lawyer—but I have another place I need to be. Enjoy your time in Austin.” I crossed to the elevator and left the loft with my head held high.

I was reasonably sure that after my speech, Chandler would stay away from Rutherford. An investor had been a good idea, but dealing with Satcher would come with risks. And all we’d really needed was someone to help guide a re-launch. It would be an easier task to find that person, and we wouldn’t have to worry about a foe from my past. A foe who very well could be currently threatening me.

But later, in the car to my appointment, I pulled out my phone and texted Jordan, just to be sure.

Make sure Chandler has security on him at all times.





11





Alayna





“My mission was fruitless,” I said, sinking into the chair across from Gwen when I returned to The Sky Launch.

Good friend that she was, she shut her laptop and gave me her undivided attention. “Tell me about it.”

“Mira didn’t think I should be investigating. In case it’s dangerous.” I propped my chin up with my hands, my elbows anchored on the desk. I left out the part where she was furious with me. I needed someone to be my cheerleader after all of this.

“I feel like I might have said the same thing…”

“And then you took it back, which is what makes you a better friend,” I said pointedly. She hadn’t really taken it back, but at least she’d humored me with my intentions and hadn’t threatened to tell on me to my husband. Good enough.

Though, if the situation really was dangerous, maybe a good friend should have been yelling at me.

But was it really dangerous? Or were the letters a scare tactic? What about the guy Stacy referred to? Who was that? Why wouldn’t Hudson tell me anything?

My head was consumed with questions—none of which Gwen could answer.

"Help me take my mind off it,” I groaned, wanting solidarity as much as anything. “Tell me something going on in your life. Anyone from the past haunting JC?"

Gwen chuckled. "No, but…" She craned her neck to look behind her, seemingly making sure that the door to the office was shut. Even though she had confirmed that it was, she still lowered her voice and leaned in to continue. "JC and I did decide that we're going to go to that party."

"The sex party? The orgy party?" I did not keep my voice down. I practically squealed. I was deeply, deeply excited by this distraction.

"Shh." Her face turned pink. "It's called an erotic party, and yes. We're going tomorrow night, so by the next time I see you, I should be able to tell you all about it."

"I want you to tell me all about it right now." I sat forward. "What are you going to wear? What are you going to do? Oh, shit, what if you see someone you know?" This definitely was getting my mind off people who wanted to do me and my family harm.

"It's formal attire and both JC and I have decided to wear masks. We are not doing anything. We are simply going as spectators. That's all." She looked at the clock. “And while I’m scolding you, it’s time to get you downstairs. My impression of Lee is that he's a pretty punctual man."

I stood up, once again smoothing my outfit. "All right, all right. But I want details after, okay?"

"Same to you. Tell me everything Lee says. Good luck!"

I grabbed my laptop and walked down from the office to the hostess station. I could tell the answer to my question before I even asked it, from the expectant way that she looked at me as I approached.

"Elsa, is there someone here to see me?" I asked.

She nodded with a smile. "Yes, Mrs. Pierce. He's waiting for you in Bubble Room Four."

Gwen was right about Lee Chong and his penchant for punctuality, it seemed. Just like my husband. By my clock I still had another seven minutes. But then, Hudson always said that on time was late.

I hustled across the floor and up the stairs to the bubble rooms, only stopping to catch my breath when I was outside Number Four. And then I paused, wondering if I should knock on the closed door, or walk right on in. It was always these details that fussed me.

I decided walking in was the strongest—and the bravest—so I threw my shoulders back, took another deep breath, put on a bright smile, and walked in the door. "Mr. Ch—Hudson." I froze, halfway to the table, my eyes locked on the man sitting there, who was definitely not Lee Chong, but was still familiar.

"What are you doing here?" I quickly replayed the conversation I'd had with Elsa. Neither of us had specifically mentioned Mr.Chong's name. There'd obviously been a miscommunication.

"I could ask you the same thing, Precious," he said, that sly grin of his turning up the corner of his mouth. "You said you weren’t going anywhere today. When I told you to stay put. Remember?" His gaze pierced into me. Challenging me.

I scowled. "Not a princess in a tower. Remember?" I retorted.

"Which is why I thought you might care to have lunch, away from the penthouse. Join me, will you?"

Automatically, I started toward the bench opposite him, then stopped myself, remembering that Lee Chong was waiting for me, either in another bubble room, or was about to arrive. "No. I can't."

His brow lifted questioningly. "You can't?"

"I mean, I'm not happy with you. Why would I want to have lunch?" I hugged my laptop to my chest.

"For exactly that reason. To make up." His voice rumbled, sending goosebumps skittering down my arms.

Damn, he made making up sound so… tempting.

But right now I couldn't make up even if I wanted to. I chewed on my lip. "That's really sweet of you, Hudson, but I'm going to have to decline. Enjoy your lunch." I swiveled on my heel and headed toward the door.

"Lee Chong isn't meeting with you," Hudson called after me, freezing me in my tracks.

My hand was hovering above the knob, and now I wanted to punch it through the wall.

I spun around, my pulse racing. "How did you know about—"

"He called me last night before I left work. Wanted to know if it was okay to discuss major purchases and renovations with my wife. He seems to be a bit of a traditionalist—used to only dealing with men."

I threw my head back and cursed under my breath. "Traditionalist, you say? Wonder how he’s going to take it when he finds out his daughter's a lesbian."

"What was that?"

"Nevermind." Lee Chong's daughter’s affair with Liesl was the least of my concerns right now. "And so what— you told him no? Is that why he's not here today?"

Hudson leaned back, looking surprised. "Of course not. I told him The Sky Launch belongs to you. What you do with it and how you choose to run this business has nothing to do with me. It bothers me that you would think that I would say anything different."

I sighed and took a couple steps forward. "I'm sorry, H. It's just, you're here, and he's… not."

"He said it was due to an unrelated matter that he needed to reschedule. I assumed that he’d called you directly as well."

I practically laughed. "Bullshit. You knew he wouldn't call me and reschedule—the traditionalist who doesn't want to deal with women—and that's why you were here. To catch me in the act of doing something sneaky behind your back."

He smirked. "Me? Do that?"

How could there be seven years between now and when we’d first met and still be so much electricity between the two of us? It sizzled, crackled in the air. Made my skin tingle. Made my pussy ache and throb.

"Come sit down. Join me for lunch, Alayna."

He knew he had me. I didn't have to vocally admit it. I walked over and sat down on the bench across from him, setting my laptop next to me and putting the napkin across my lap.

He turned and pressed the button next to him to call the waitress, who showed up immediately and took our orders. When she was gone, Hudson steepled his hands together and placed his elbows on the table. "Do you want to tell me about this grand plan of yours? How it involves Lee Chong and his event space?"

As hesitant as I had been to tell him for all these months, I suddenly did want to tell him, kind of badly.

There were a lot of things I wanted, actually.

I wanted this to just be a casual lunch date. I wanted there to just be sexy electric heat between us. I didn't want there to be dark and heavy terrors hiding in the tension that surrounded us.

But that was our reality. I was willing to face it, if Hudson would only let me.

"Are you ready to tell me everything about your investigation on this threat against our family?" I asked, killing the light mood between us.

He didn't answer, but his expression said it all—that he wasn't talking about it.

"Yeah. That's what I thought." I put my arms around myself, and suddenly I felt very old and very tired. Like I'd been awake for days, like I'd been running from something. In a way I had been running—running from the full force of this shadow. I hadn't let it sink in. Hadn't actually held the idea there was somebody on this earth who maybe wanted to do real harm to me. To my children. To the tiny precious angels that gave my life meaning and joy.

My throat began to tighten. I bit my lip to distract myself, but it didn't work.

Across from me, Hudson seemed to be in a very different mood. His gaze tripped around the bubble room. "We used to do very fun things in these," he said wistfully, seductively.

"I had babies, Hudson. No one has fun in bubble rooms after babies," I snapped.

"The babies don't mean—"

I cut him off. "The babies mean everything! Someone's threatening them, H!” I meant to say more. Meant to tell him this should be something that we dealt with together and that it wasn't fair he had forced me into the dark to deal with it alone.

But I couldn't say anything, because I immediately burst into tears. Not little trickle-down-your-face tears, but full out sobs that shook my body as they wracked through me.

I didn't remember moving or Hudson reaching for me, but next thing I knew, I was in his lap, and he was kissing my head, holding me, and rocking me in his arms, murmuring words of comfort. "I got you. I won't let anything hurt you. I won’t let anything hurt our babies. I swear to you, my love. My precious. Nothing will happen to any of you. Ever."

And as I cried into his suit jacket, I wondered if it was possible to trust someone so much, and still not be sure you entirely believed him.





12





Hudson





We didn't eat lunch at The Sky Launch.

I asked the waitress to box up our orders to go, and on a whim, I brought Alayna back to the loft above my office. Then, after she silently picked through her salad, I tucked her puffy-eyed self into the bed where she fell fast asleep.

I sat in the armchair next to her and watched her while she dozed, long limbs curled into herself, her facial features relaxed and at ease. In this state, she seemed as carefree and burdenless as Brett. Oh, that I could keep her like this forever.

That I could keep them all like this.

The first time I had made love to Alayna, had been inside her and felt the tremendous impact of our worlds colliding, it had been in this very room. And then, as now, I had watched her afterward, knowing I could never let her go, that I had to have more of her, even as I prepared to push her away. She had never been just a game to me, but I had thought that I could hold her at a distance. What a fool I had been.

How long had it been before I learned that I couldn't ever shut her out for good?

Not long, truly. Our courtship had been a whirlwind, mere weeks passing.

What the fuck was I thinking, believing I could shut her out now, after years of building a life together?

She stirred in the bed beside me. A slight mmm escaped her throat, her head tossed from one side to the other. Then her eyes popped open. Her expression was unsettled until her gaze found mine, then a warm smile played on her lips.

"Did I sleep through the entire afternoon, or did you abandon your work obligations just for me?" she asked stretching, her breasts jutting deliciously forward, pressing against her dress as she did.

I let my eyes wander down to her cleavage. "I've rearranged the entire week’s schedule for this project. Which has been very much for you."

Her smile faded. "This project being the one where you are investigating those threatening letters. Right?"

"Right," I admitted. It felt like relief and terror at once to tell her so.

She sat up, and with a sigh tilted her head against the headboard, the wheels in her brain obviously spinning a mile a minute.

I moved to sit beside her on the bed and held my arm open, inviting her in. She came without hesitation, her heat soaking into me, confusing my cock about the mood of the situation.

Subtly, I readjusted myself and pulled her in tighter against me.

"I’m scared, Hudson,” she said, her voice vibrating against my chest.

It was the last thing I wanted to hear. “I know, and I don’t want you to be scared. I want you to let me worry about it so you don’t have to be scared.”

“I know that’s what you want, but that’s not how things work. Especially not for me. It's one thing to have this menace looming over us, and to not know anything about it. It makes my mind go crazy. Makes me imagine the worst things, no matter how safe you tell me I am. How protected you try to make me feel. It's a whole other issue, a whole other hurt, to realize you've been shutting me out."

My lids closed momentarily with the squeeze of my heart. "I know, precious. I am—"

"Let me finish. Please," she stopped me.

I held my next words, though I knew they would likely end the need for anything else to be said. She deserved space to be heard, and I needed to give her that.

"You used to have such a thick wall around you. I remember thinking if I could only get inside, if I could just break down your barrier, everything would be okay between us. That we could be perfect together." She fiddled with the button on my shirt as she talked, twisting as far as it would go one way, then twisting it back the other. "And I was right, H. When you finally let me in—we were magic. I felt whole and unstoppable with the complete Hudson Pierce at my side. That's what makes me feel safe, Hudson—you. When you give me all of you. When you stand beside me and treat me like your partner. When you hold my hand and tell me we got this."

She pulled away, sitting upright and looking down at me. "I get what you're trying to do here, keeping this away from me. I get that you don’t want me to have to feel it. But you also shouldn’t feel this alone. This isn't us at our best. Us at our best is a team." She put her hand over mine, gripping my index finger tightly. "We need to do this as a team. We don't work any other way."

I waited a full three seconds after she'd finished talking to make sure she was done. "I was actually thinking the same thing. While you were sleeping."

Her expression warred between doubt and victory. "Really?”

“Yes. Really. I think we need to lay all our cards on the table. No more walls. I need you with me on this.”

Her eyes began to glisten. Cautiously, she asked, “Are you just saying that because you know you've lost?"

I shoved back the growl I felt coming on. "I did not lose."

"It sure sounded like you lost to me. Because I got what I wanted, and you’re giving me what I…"

"That's not a loss," I corrected. "It's a concession of both parties."

"Actually, I really don't feel like I had to concede much of anything at all.” She flashed a mischievous grin, the kind that sent shocks straight to both my heart and my cock.

God, this woman.

I surrendered. A hundred times. A thousand times.

Which meant she was about to push me out of bed and plead with me to walk her through everything. I knew how her brain worked, how eager she got. She didn’t like to wait on an idea once she had it.

I, on the other hand, would be happy sitting here admiring her for a little while longer, if she'd let me.

But as she climbed over me, instead of continuing out of the bed, she stopped, and sat straddling my waist. Her fingers went back to playing with my buttons, but this time she undid them, one by one.

Her grin turned naughty.

"I didn't bring you back here to seduce you," I said, my cock growing thicker underneath her.

"Maybe it's what I need.” Her voice came out breathy. "Besides, it looks like I'm the one doing the seducing." She threw my shirt open and ran her palms over my bare chest, igniting sparks of fire in my veins. I liked her like this—hot, feisty, empowered.

But I liked the reins in my hands even better.

I slipped my hand under her skirt and traced the silky skin of her thigh until I reached the crotch panel of her panties, which were already wet. Hooking my thumb underneath the flimsy material, I found her tight bud and began massaging it, exactly the way I knew she liked.

She let out a sweet whimper that made me instantly turn to steel.

"Take off your dress," I ordered, barely restraining myself from tearing it off for her. She reached behind herself to undo the zipper, and though she struggled with it, I let her do it alone, not wanting to move my hand from her pussy. Wanting to watch her strip just for me.

We’d always been explosive together. I had no complaints about our sex life, but it was rare these days that we had the opportunity to take our time. I didn't always get to fully enjoy these interludes, didn't always get to relish in the way she gave herself to me, every time, so freely, so completely.

The way I always gave her all of me.

Did she even realize it in our fast and frenzied stolen moments? That she still owned every single molecule of my composition? That she still resided in every hidden corner of my being?

She pulled her dress over her head, and as she did I sat up and unfastened my cuffs, quickly yanking my unbuttoned shirt from my arms and discarding it on the floor. By that time, she’d lost her bra as well, and I gazed happily at her tight nipples standing at attention. I cupped one breast in my hand, the familiar shape and weight of it sending relief through my body.

Fuck, I loved her body. Every inch.

I would've delivered a prayer of gratitude, of adoration as I worshiped, but my mouth was already suckling on her other breast, my tongue licking reverently along her nipple before my teeth grazed along the sensitive skin.

That earned me another one of her precious whimpers, this time she added a sweep of her hips along my aching groin. My cock was still imprisoned beneath my suit pants and my boxer briefs, but even with so much between us, the movement was ecstasy and elicited a growl of my own.

"You're killing me," I said, planting kisses in the space between her breasts as I traveled to her other nipple.

"Then I guess I should do it again." She slid her pussy over the ridge of my cock again and again, torture that deserved to be paid back with another nip of my teeth on her tit and a light pinch of her clit through her panties.

She squealed, a delicious sound that I needed to taste. I swallowed the tail of it, pulling her toward me and covering her mouth with mine. I kissed her long and deep, kissed her as though I had forgotten her flavor. Exploring her as though I'd never taken the time to discover every part of her mouth before.

She took it all. Kissed me back with equal fervor, wrapping her arms around my neck and pressing her breasts against my chest where I could feel the tips of her nipples, still wet from my affection, pressing against my skin.

When I pulled away, it was only because I had to be inside her, because I couldn't wait another second to be connected to her. Breathlessly, she wriggled out of her panties, a move she made hot as fuck even when she was in a hurry. Especially when she was in a hurry and needy.

I was just as needy for her. While she undressed, my eyes never left her. I stripped out of my clothes at the same time and laid down again on the bed. Then I pulled her back to sit across my upper thighs.

I fisted myself, pumping up and down even though I was ready for her.

She watched me, as hypnotized as the first time she'd watched me handle my own cock. It turned her on. I could feel how much it turned her on by the way her pussy leaked on my leg. She bit her lip and eagerly began to line herself up, which did things to me. Her eagerness. Her anticipation. It somehow gave me patience for days. I could drag things out a long time—and I often did—just so I could enjoy her excitement.

Today was not one of those days.

Today I was eager too, eager to show her that she was still as close to me as she'd ever been. That there weren't walls between us. That any barrier I had put up had been a mistake, that I had never wanted there to be anything between the two of us.

I pressed my crown to her entrance, and she sat down on me, taking me in fully, with a sigh that I echoed.

Jesus, how could she still feel so good? Every time. Tight and warm and familiar and home. I could sit there, unmoving, and still feel like I'd found heaven.

And I knew from experience it only got better from here.

I thrust into her, a couple of short stabs to warm her up, and then let go full-force, clutching onto her thighs, hips bucking up and up and up. It was never enough—never hard enough or fast enough or deep enough, no matter how we were positioned. I always wanted more of her. Always wanted all of her.

Good girl that she was, she reached down to play with her own clit, and instantly she grew tighter and hotter. My eyes became glued to her fingers as they stroked along the bundle of nerves, making it turn hard and plump and slippery. Then when she stiffened with her orgasm, my gaze ran to her face so I could watch the pleasure as it made its way across her features with vivid expression.

I sat up to hold her, knowing she'd be worn out and weak, wanting her close to me.

She felt even tighter wrapped around me at this new angle. I let out a satisfying grunt and cupped her face in my hands.

"I need you safe, precious," I told her kissing along her jaw. "In every way. If everything I have done to make you feel safe has made you feel like we're growing apart, then there's no point. I need you to feel as safe as you are. I need you with me." I drove into her with my cock, a slower pace, but still deep, reminding her we were connected. Reminding myself that I’d merely forgotten for a moment that we were tethered to each other in everything—the good and the bad.

She looked into my eyes. "Together," she said. "We're doing this together. You'll keep me safe. We’ll keep the kids safe. Together."

“Together,” I repeated before taking her mouth in a searing kiss as my thumb returned to her clit to rouse another orgasm from her beautiful body. Carefully monitoring her signals—watching her breathing, listening to her sounds, feeling the way she clamped down around my cock—I could time her impending climax. A few more quick pumps of my hips, and we found our release together.

Together.

I was still inside her when we collapsed together on the bed, our limbs tangled around each other. She’d said she’d needed this. The truth was, so did I. Needed to feel this much a part of her.

I needed to let her into the investigation too, even more than I’d needed to make love to her. I needed her with me, despite preferring that she be kept safe and sheltered from it. I needed her, even though I hated more than anything that she had to know she had a reason to be scared.

Honestly, I needed her because I was scared too.





13





Alayna





Hudson was on the phone when I got out of the shower and wandered into the front room looking for him. He had cleaned up first, and was wearing some khakis he must have stowed somewhere in the loft. Khakis and nothing else.

My stomach performed somersaults as my eyes traced along his broad shoulders and down the sinewy strands of his biceps. He was so strong. So capable. So worthy of being my protector. I trusted him with every part of me.

He turned in my direction as he heard me enter the room, his eyes dilating at the sight of me wrapped only in a towel, but he kept focused on his conversation.

"Thank you," he was saying. "We both appreciate it." He paused to listen. After a second, his eyelids shut briefly before he opened them again—his version of an eye roll. "Yes, Mirabelle, I should have talked to Alayna earlier, but we are working it all out now. I promise. We will see you Sunday and you can interrogate me about it then."

I bit back a smile. So Mirabelle had been on my side too.

I was less irritated with the way things at the boutique had turned out, knowing she'd chewed out Hudson as well.

"She's watching the kids?" I asked as I patted the ends of my hair dry with a towel.

"Yes. Jordan's team is taking them over to her house. She’ll keep them for the weekend."

We’d decided this before I'd showered, but I needed reassuring of the plan.

"And it won't be too much of a handful for her? Having all those kids plus hers?"

"I sent Payton to help, and Mirabelle has a nanny of her own. She also said something about Sophia coming by—you know how she likes to hover over the grandkids." He picked up a button-down that he must've pulled from the closet and began putting it on.

"And it will be safe enough at her house?" I hated asking, because it felt like the other Alayna— the one who worried too much. The one who fretted over nonsensical, ridiculous things.

But I reminded myself that this time the question was warranted.

"Mirabelle's house has state-of-the-art security," he said reassuringly. "And on top of that, we have some of Jordan’s guys watching. Mirabelle already knows, so she won't kick them off the property."

I nodded, taking a deep breath in and then letting it go. Letting go of the worry. Or at least letting it loosen a bit.

Maybe all it did was redirect my worry. His comment about men at Mirabelle's reminded me of what Stacy had said when I'd been at the boutique, and then I had a new concern. "H, does Jordan have men watching Mirabelle's store too?"

He looked at me carefully. "Would you prefer the answer was yes or no?"

“I would prefer the answer is true," I said back with a huff, although I did hope it was a yes. If whoever was hanging around my sister-in-law wasn’t one of ours, the implications were concerning.

He chuckled. "There are men watching her store while she's open. But don't take that to mean that the threat has extended further than those letters you read. I've just been taking extra precautions."

I loved that about him—that he was always extra cautious. That he never missed any details. I relied on that trait now. "I'm glad you did. Though Stacy's noticed them, and I think it might've been a good idea to give her and your sister a heads-up, because both of them can be pretty dramatic when they want to be about anything out of the ordinary. But I'm glad you are looking out for them."

He shrugged, as if to say he thought his methods were completely fine. I hadn’t really expected otherwise. His confidence, that unshakeable force, was something that I found very attractive.

I shook my head again, tossing the towel I’d been using on my hair onto the floor.

"By the way, Jordan stopped by with some clothes for you while you were in the shower. He picked them up from the penthouse. I laid them on the bed for you." The heat of his gaze trapped me, pinning me in place. “Or. You could wait to get dressed. And I could get undressed again."

Warmth spread over the entirety of my skin, but I pulled away from his stare and marched toward the bedroom. "Stay dressed. That wasn't the reason we asked Mirabelle to take the kids."

His sultry tone followed after me. "You mean it wasn't the only reason.”

"I don't seem to remember it being on the list at all." I found a pair of panties and stepped into them, long past the embarrassment of Hudson's assistants seeing my personal items. "We’re supposed to be working as a team to figure out who's harassing our family."

I began to put on my bra, reaching behind me to do the hook-and-eye.

"I think we work best as a team when I'm inside you."

His voice was closer this time. I turned and found him in the doorframe, watching me.

Honestly, if he kept looking at me like that, he was going to win this dispute.

I hurried to pull a T-shirt over me, hoping he'd be more focused if I were more covered. "Can we at least eat dinner first?" I asked. “I’m starving.”

"Dinner first," he nodded, but he didn't move. And didn't stop staring.

"Dinner where we lay everything out on the table? Clear things up? Get on the same page?"

He nodded again. "Everything on the table."

“Not me on the table,” I added quickly, in case he was taking this another direction. “The things you’ve been keeping from me.”

“All of that is a part of everything,” he smirked.

I could agree to that.

But I made a mental note that before there was any more sexing, I also wanted to talk about to the New Park School incident as well. With all that had been going on and not speaking to him, I hadn’t told him yet. And I was really desperate to find out about Judith Cleary’s threat.

"Good. Thank you." I walked to him, draping my arms around his neck. He responded by wrapping his arms around my waist and pulling me closer. I gave him a quick kiss that I could tell he would easily make longer if I let him.

I didn’t let him.

But I liked the mood he was setting. I wanted to follow it through. "Can dinner be out somewhere?" A couple’s getaway hadn’t been the purpose of this weekend, but maybe Hudson had the right idea. We hadn't had much time together lately. I couldn't even remember the last time we'd been on a date.

He looked down at me regretfully. "That sounds wonderful, precious. However, since we sent extra men to be at Mirabelle's, the team is a little stretched. I'd prefer we stay in. This building has an armed guard twenty-four seven."

I frowned. The bubble of my date night was burst as fast as the idea had come.

His statement also reminded me that he seemed to think we were in real danger. Not Alayna’s overactive imagination version of danger, but the kind of danger that made him feel like he wasn’t enough to keep me safe on his own.

Seeming to sense my distress, he quickly worked to soothe me. "Compromise? We order in, but eat on the rooftop. How does that sound?"

"Romantic. Thank you, H." I suddenly remembered I had my dress from Mirabelle’s with me. Maybe this could be a sort of date night after all. Threats and tension and secrets revealed notwithstanding.

I moved my hands to his chest and began to push away so I could finish changing, but he pulled me closer, and spun me so my back was against the bedroom wall.

"Why didn't you tell me about Lee Chong and your plans for The Sky Launch?" he asked, his expression serious.

My stomach dropped a little to hear him. His tone wasn't angry or judgmental. Rather, he sounded hurt. As hurt as I had been when he hadn't included me in his life.

We did say all secrets on the table, and I did want to tell him about this, but it felt so insignificant next to everything else going on. How could I possibly spend tonight’s valuable time together blathering on about vinyl records when our family was at risk?

So I downplayed. "It really isn't anything I spent much time on. Just a passing—"

"I saw your plans. You've obviously spent extensive time on it." Again, there was no accusation.

"You saw my plans?" I hadn't shown anyone but Gwen.

"I found the folder on the desktop of your laptop. Your PowerPoint was very thorough."

A burst of indignation shot through me. "You went through my laptop!"

He went on as though there were nothing upsetting about that at all. "While you were sleeping. The plans were brilliant. I loved every detail. The coffee shop and merchandising area was one of the highlights."

I was only somewhat mollified by his compliments, and attempted to cross my arms over my chest, but he still had me trapped against the wall, and he grabbed my arms instead and pinned them over my head. “Why are you fussing?”

"You looked at my laptop behind my back," I grumbled.

"And you went through those letters that I had laid out while I was sleeping," he said, with a smirk.

He didn’t quite have the point he thought he did—those letters were out in the open, versus my closed and stored laptop. Not that I was going to argue it with him, so we just held each other's gaze for several seconds.

Finally, I asked, "You really thought it was good?"

"Brilliant," he repeated, sincerely. "Why wouldn't you tell me about that? Did you think I wouldn't support you? Did you think that I would object to you expanding the nightclub?"

I suddenly felt vulnerable, my arms in the air, his eyes piercing into me. Seeing into me. Poking around in the deepest parts of me. Just like he’d always done so well.

I lowered my head. "I thought you'd say it wasn’t the right time." My voice sounded smaller than I meant it to.

"Why? Because the twins are still so young? It was you who said you wanted to be home with them. I can't believe that I ever gave you the impression that I wouldn't want you working if that was what you wanted. I have always supported you in—"

I cut him off. "Because I didn't think you thought I could handle it. Not so soon. Not so soon after…"

His brow furrowed for a second before he understood my meaning. "That's your fear talking, Alayna. It's not fair to use me to personify your doubts. If you say you need to work, then you need to work. If you say you need to be on a beach in the Virgin Islands, then that’s where we’ll go. If you say you need another baby—"

I stopped him right there. "I don't need another baby."

He smiled. "You know what you need. And I'll support whatever that is."

I felt my eyes getting wet. "But you don't really think my head’s a crazy mess?" My voice cracked. “The other day, it seemed like you were afraid of my state of mind.”

He dropped my wrists so that he could cup my face with one hand. "Your mind is the reason I fell in love with you, precious. Your sexy, brilliant, incredible, crazy, mess of a mind. Maybe it feels like it's chaos in there sometimes, but I promise I wouldn't want you any other way."

That right there was why I didn’t want him any other way, either.





“Damn,” Hudson said when I walked out onto the roof forty-five minutes later.

While he’d ordered tapas and set up a table and chairs, I’d put on the wrap dress I’d purchased earlier in the day. I’d done what I could with what makeup I had in my purse, styled my hair, and by the time I was done, I thought I looked pretty dang good for a mother of three.

I looked pretty dang good, period.

“Turn around,” Hudson said, practically growling out the command.

I complied, spinning slowly. Seductively.

“Are you sure we have to eat dinner first?” he teased. “Because I’m suddenly hungry for something other than food.”

Actually, he was probably dead serious, from the way his eyes had turned dark and liquid. It was amazing to me, seeing this now, that I had ever worried we had lost our spark. What we’d lost was the kind of raw honesty, the uninhibited lust you could only get when you’re completely focused on the other person.

But it seemed that, along with my own confidence, our communication was back.

“I’ll feed you,” I promised. “Whatever you want to eat. But first you assured me we’d talk.”

“I did say we’d do that, didn’t I?” The sensual darkness in his eyes stayed, but his smile turned from predatory to warm, and I wondered to myself for the thousandth time—how did I get so lucky?

He took my hand and walked me to the round table set up in a small corner of the roof. Somehow he’d managed to scrape up a tablecloth and a pair of candlesticks as well. It was exactly the romantic scene I’d imagined.

“This is perfect, H,” I said, as he pulled out my chair for me to sit in.

“You’re perfect. Stunning, really.” He seemed to remember something and added, “Also, you’re smart, funny, brave, and enough. According to Mina, it’s not appropriate to only compliment a woman on her looks.”

I laughed. “She’s amazing.”

“She’s you.”

“She’s you, too.” I sat down, and he pushed my chair into the table.

“She is,” he agreed, then went to sit at his own seat.

The food was already set out on the table, the wine already poured. My stomach grumbled. I hadn't eaten much of my lunch, and I was hungry, but food still didn't interest me as much as details. Not with so many questions left unanswered.

"What was the first letter you received?" I asked, watching as Hudson began loading items onto his plate.

He looked at me sternly. "You need to eat, Alayna."

"I'm not going—"

"I will talk, as long as you are eating."

I quickly grabbed a roll and stuffed a piece of it in my mouth, smiling smugly in his direction. "I'm eating," I said when I'd swallowed. "Now go."

He laughed to himself, as though he shouldn't have been surprised that I would have behaved any other way. Then he sighed, seriousness settling back over him like a suit. "The first letter arrived when you were five months pregnant with the twins."

I rewarded him for beginning the story by scooping some goat cheese and mandarin salad onto my plate.

He went on. "You had just been put on bedrest. The letter had shown up mixed in with some files from Human Resources, folded in a plain white envelope, no address. It was a mystery how it got to me without being screened, which made it unusual right off the bat. The language as well was deeply personal. Not many people were aware of your bedrest situation. That was still new—and it’s not like I spend much time discussing our personal lives with other people regardless. Normally a vague letter such as that wouldn't cause alarm, except for those details. I handed it off to Jordan, who assured me it was nothing. A prankster. Someone with a chip on his shoulder. Possibly someone even in the building—which would explain how they’d known about you, perhaps a stray word from Patricia overheard. Jordan said he’d get to the bottom of the matter. He didn't recommend further action at that time."

"But you increased security at home and at The Sky Launch." If it hadn't been that big of a deal, why had he made that move?

Hudson looked only mildly surprised that I had learned this information. "You've been doing your own investigating, I see. Yes, I did increase security. The letter made me realize we hadn't had an update in a while, and the personalization had jarred me—I won't lie. I was more anxious than usual, with your difficult pregnancy, and I recognized that I might be overreacting, but it was better to be safe than sorry."

"And you didn't tell me because…"

"Because I knew I was being ridiculous. Paranoid. I wasn't about to concern you with something that should have been a dead issue. Especially when Dr. Addison had warned that you needed to stay away from stress." He lifted his glass of wine and took a swallow. "Certainly, you can understand that."

I paused. Studied his face. Searched for any of his tells to see if he was manipulating the story. Not that I didn't trust my husband, just… sometimes he liked to think he was saying and doing things for my benefit, and occasionally that involved a little futzing of the truth.

Everything about his expression and his posture though, said he was sincere.

"Yes. I can understand why you didn't tell me then. Go on." I placed another forkful of food in my mouth to demonstrate I was keeping up with my part of the bargain. Hudson swallowed back a broiled shrimp himself before continuing.

"I'd almost stopped having nightmares about the first letter when the second letter came. It showed up in the mailroom, addressed to me personally, so it was screened for toxic substances, but not read. It was delivered to me in a stack with a bunch of other items at the penthouse, because you had just given birth."

My mind played quickly through the lines I remembered from the letters I had read. "That must be the one that had a line like, ‘Congratulations, you must think you're the man of the year twice over.’"

"That one," he confirmed. "This was letter two, so it was obviously more alarming. Jordan ran all the tests, traced the return address to a post office downtown. Every lead led to a dead end. Again, Jordan believed it was just someone jealous of my life. Someone particularly triggered by my happy family. He didn't believe there was any real threat involved, and indeed, since the language in that letter was much more benign, it was easier to put out of my mind."

"And you didn't tell me about it because I just had twins and it wasn't a big deal and even your head of security wasn't worried. Blah blah blah. Right?" I was giving him a hard time, but that was our thing.

"Would you have said something, were you in my place?" he challenged as he popped a cherry tomato in his mouth.

"Probably not," I conceded. "But definitely the third letter—"

"Came six months later." That's all he said.

That was all he had to say.

Six months later, after the birth of my twins, I was in the height of my postpartum OCD. Whatever threats he'd gotten then, of course he wouldn't have shared them with me. It would've been against the advice of everyone around him, against the advice of my therapists, against his own better thinking.

God. Poor Hudson. Having to deal with this and me, all at the same time. He must have felt so alone. Some partner I’d been.

"Alayna, don't you dare blame yourself for anything," he said sharply from across the table, reading my mind.

I pulled my eyes up quickly to meet his gaze. "How do you even know what I'm thinking?"

"Because I know you. And it's not your fault. Whatever you're blaming yourself for. I didn't want you to be concerned with it. That's why I didn't tell you. Not because I didn't think you couldn't handle it. Or because you weren't strong enough."

I appreciated his kind, comforting words. I even thought he partially believed them. Believed that the reason he hadn't told me was because he wanted to do this on his own, and not because he worried about breaking me.

But we both knew who I'd been back then.

"Thank you, H," I said, reaching my hand across the table to wrap it around his. "Thank you for bearing all of this alone. I wish that I had been there with you, because I hate for you ever to have to bear things alone. But I'm so very grateful that you are the kind of man who does. Who looks out for me and his children like that."

He squeezed my hand back, and began to rub his thumb along the back of my palm, caressing it. "The last two letters have come much more quickly. None of them have had fingerprints, none of them have led to any substantial location. All of them from random post offices in New York City. The last one was delivered to the penthouse—"

I inhaled sharply. I hadn't known that.

"It's when the picture of you arrived. That was last Friday. The bodyguards came after that."

Last Friday. The night of Nash King's birthday party. No wonder Hudson had acted so distant and preoccupied. And without something concrete to assign it to, I’d immediately blamed myself for not interesting him.

You really can’t take the crazy out of the girl.

"Do you have any leads? Any suspects?" I asked him.

"I don't know if you caught them, but there are specific references to a scheming manipulative Hudson. While those could be coincidence, Jordan and I are assuming that they indicate whoever is sending the letters is someone from my past, someone who was part of one of my games."

"I thought as much." I hadn't realized the references were vague to him as well. I had hoped they would have led to something more concrete.

Hudson went on to tell me more about the tactics he and Jordan had used to go through potential suspects, the lists Hudson had drawn up of people he could remember in the past that he had wronged, people whom he believed might still be out to get him.

"There are so many, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack. I kept a digital journal in the early days of my experiments, but once I began working with Celia, she took over the journal writing. There have been too many years, too many casualties… Honestly, until that photograph of you, I'd begun to believe it was someone who just wanted to vent. But if he—or she—is upset enough to go to the trouble of following you, of taking your picture and sending it to me… Well."

"I know," I said so he wouldn't have to say whatever he was imagining. The idea of someone following me and my children, being so close, it turned my insides to ice. That had to be exactly how Hudson was feeling. How scared. How beside himself.

Thoughts of the children and Hudson's past suddenly reminded me of something I hadn't told him. "Does Judith Cleary have something against you? Could it possibly be her sending the letters?"

Hudson’s brow rose. "Judith Cleary? However did you hear that name?"

I told him about Mina not getting into New Park School, about the reason why, and about my confrontation with Judith Cleary and the message she had for my husband. "She's on the Board of Directors. She obviously has it out for you. Why is she so against you?"

He frowned. "I did not manipulate or scheme Judith Cleary." He hesitated. "Much."

I sat back in my chair. "Obviously, she has some kind of grudge against you."

"And I have one against her. That woman is petty, narcissistic, and self-involved.” His jaw was tensing with irritation. "She had Mirabelle kicked out of their girls’ club after Sophia showed up to one of the parent meetings drunk. While I don't condone my mother's behavior, she most definitely shouldn't have taken it out on her child."

Awesome.. Judith Cleary was actually a bitch, and not just because I wanted her to be one in my head in order to justify my behavior that day. I did like it when things worked out.

"So what did you do? Because you must've done something for her to be mad at you." I'd already decided that whatever it was, I was in full support of it.

Hudson smiled slyly. "I had her kicked out of the country club. For unfit citizenship."

I laughed. "You would think she would've learned her lesson. Here she is trying to take it out on another kid. What a bitch."

His face grew serious. "I'm sorry I ruined Mina's chances for going to our legacy school. I will call Judith and grovel. See what I can do."

"Please don't bother. We don't want that kind of school, our daughter playing with those kinds of people. We can find something better. Besides, there’s no way you’d apologize convincingly."

He didn’t disagree as he took the napkin from my lap, dabbed at my lips and set it down on the table.

Together we looked out over the city, lit up with lights. It was beautiful, being on top of the world. Breathtaking, thrilling, a little overwhelming, but worth it.

I tilted my head and peered over at my husband. "I know we've had many rooftop dinners in our marriage, but this was nice. I mean, the conversation sucks, but the rest of it I'll keep."

“I know something we’ve never done on a rooftop.”

“We’ve had sex on a rooftop before, H. You’re losing your memory.” That wasn’t a night I’d ever forget. It had been his mother’s birthday, but I’d been the one getting the gifts. Hudson always had been good with his mouth.

“Sex was not what I was referring to. And don’t you dare think I don’t remember that night.” His reprimand was low and serious. It made my spine feel tingly at the base.

Still. After all this time.

I grinned. “Then what are you referring to?”

Instead of answering, Hudson pulled out his phone and flipped through a few pages on his screen before setting it down between the two of us. His Spotify app was open to one of my playlists.

"You follow me on Spotify? I thought you just used that app to play lullabies for the babies." All these years, and the man could still surprise me.

"I saw you added this one a few weeks ago," he said, standing from his chair and walking over to mine. He reached over to his phone and pushed play, then held his hand out to me. The familiar strains of our anthem came out of the tiny speakers. "The babies love this particular song," he said, pulling me from my chair and into his arms.

"What are we doing?" I asked, though it was obvious.

"We're dancing. We've never danced on a rooftop." He turned me gently to the beat, and I relaxed into his arms. "This is good, right?"

"Super good. And it's our song." It was strange how I felt like I could melt and come together all the same time. How he could undo me and fix me simultaneously. I pressed my face against his, listening carefully to the words of All of Me as they played. It was a new version, not the John Legend original that Hudson had first played for me all those years ago. This one was a duet between a man and a woman.

"I like this arrangement," I told him. "Before it was always as if you were singing it to me. John Legend's voice—I always imagined it was you telling me that you were giving me all of you. But in this version, there's a woman singing too. And I like that because I feel like I'm saying it back to you. Telling you that you get all of me too."

His grip on me tightened suddenly, and he pressed his lips to my temple. "This isn't how I dreamed our life would be," he said, his voice thin and stretched. "This isn't the future I dreamed I would give you."

I leaned back so I could look him in the eye. "What do you mean? Our life is fantastic. I couldn't want for anything. You gave me three children. You’ve given me a home. Given me my nightclub. My books. My friends. My sanity. Everything I have that is good and wonderful is because of you, Hudson."

He shook his head. "I also gave you my past. I gave you security guards. I gave you a reason to go to bed at night scared."

“And I gave you OCD and obsessions and difficult pregnancies."

"Those weren't your fault," he protested.

"And neither is any of this yours now." I stopped moving, but held onto him at the shoulders.

He attempted to move me again, to start the dancing, but I didn't budge. He gave a frustrated sigh. "The things that are happening now—these threats—Alayna, you have to face that they’ve come about because of somebody I once was. That they are happening because of things I once did. I caused this. I'm the one to blame."

God, he could be so stubborn. Stubborn in his martyrdom.

Well, I could be stubborn too.

"You were the man you were because of terrible circumstances. Because no one showed you that you could be somebody else. Because your mother and father convinced you that you were unfeeling and uncaring, and you believed them." He started to try to speak, but I continued over him. "And it doesn't matter if everything you did was with your free will, because whomever you were before is what made you into the man that I fell in love with. The only reason there is any now with us is because there was once a then."

I brought my hands up to his face, rubbing my thumbs along the rough five-o'clock shadow on his jaw. "We were both broken, Hudson. And we fixed each other. When you first played me this song, the perfect future that I dreamed of with you? Was any future with you at all. And you’ve given me that and so much more. I'm sorry if you find our life together disappointing, because it's been more wonderful than I could ever imagine."

"No, precious, I didn't mean that. I haven't been disappointed for a single second. I'm only disappointed right now, through this. That I can't keep you safe and—"

I cut him off. "I am safe. I'm with you. We are together, and that's all I need to be safe, remember?"

He gave a curt nod.

“We’re going to figure this out," I reassured him. It wasn't often that I was in this position, where I was the one bolstering my husband. He was usually the foundation, the anchor, the levity.

Surprisingly, it comforted me to be able to be that for him now.

He kissed me suddenly, locking his lips to mine and holding them in place for several long seconds. When he broke away, he said, "I'm still going to give you that future I dreamed of. We’ll get rid of this baggage from the past, and then we will be safe for good."

He was so solemn, it was as though he was making a promise. As though he were adding to our wedding vows, and I took them in, placed the words inside me along with the other things he'd said, sworn to me on the day we pledged our lives to each other.

"I believe you," I told him. “I’ll be here when it happens. I’m here until then too.”

The song finished, but we held each other longer. Clutched each other tight.

Then, when we finally broke away, I threw my shoulders back and said the words that I knew we were both thinking. "We both know what we have to do to make progress on this. And I'm ready. Are you?"

"If you're with me, I am," he said earnestly.

"Okay then." I took a deep breath, and tried to ignore the anxiety creeping along my skin. "It's time to call Celia."





14





Hudson





There were a myriad of reasons I hadn't wanted to go to Celia Werner Fasbender.

I didn't trust her.

Any information she shared would come at a great cost.

Seeing her would likely cause my wife stress. Seeing her would likely cause me stress, for that matter.

I didn't necessarily want her to know there was someone threatening me and my family, didn't want her to know the predicament that I was in, for fear she'd take advantage of it.

Because, as I'd mentioned before, I did not trust her.

But, if I were being honest, Jordan and I were essentially stalled on the investigation. It took Alayna's insight for me to finally face that matter, to finally accept that this was not something I could handle on my own. While Jordan had continually pushed to take the issue to the FBI, it was only my wife who was brave enough to say that we needed to step into the dragon’s lair.

Wasn't that where all journeys ended up eventually?

It had to be handled delicately. I thought about it in great detail, how it would go, what she would say. Even after feasting on Alayna, loving her and pleasuring her to the point of exhaustion, the dilemma of adding Celia to our hunt kept me up all night.

As soon as it was late enough in the morning for human interaction to be appropriate, I crawled out of bed and texted my old friend. I had considered calling, but I was sure I knew how that would go. With enough time to talk to her and enough information from me, she would have no reason to meet us in person, and I felt strongly that this was a matter that needed to be addressed face-to-face.

Celia was a woman who was always playing some game. Every word that came out of her mouth, every side glance, every gesture was the move of a pawn. The slide of a rook. Even the text I sent had to be carefully crafted.

I need to see you.

She was already awake, or my text had woken her. She responded quickly. She was smart enough not to ask why or try to gather more from me here. It had to be that, because I certainly didn't believe she was still loyal, not even somewhere deep inside her, underneath all the hard, cold, thick layers that I had helped her build. Her only questions were where and when.

With that settled, I left a note for Alayna, then went down to the office gym for a run. When I returned, she was awake. Coffee was brewing and she'd found the eggs in the refrigerator and was making omelettes.

"Tomorrow. 6 PM. Celia will meet us at Randall's for drinks."

Alayna—my precious, my world, my light, my life—she turned and smiled at me as though I had given her the key to a brighter future instead of announcing we were walking into the gloom of the past.

Hopefully, her optimism was warranted.





As Alayna had requested, we spent the next day and a half going over the video files of the interviews conducted with possible suspects. While I paced the room and tried not to succumb to drinking all the scotch in the loft, Alayna sat stoically, taking feverish notes about the men and women describing the heinous crimes of my past. This was the vulnerability that I hated most—feeling out of control, like a spiraling fall into black nothing. She'd known vaguely about my games, but never in this precise detail. She’d certainly never experienced the horror of listening to it from the victim's side.

Somewhere in the midst of the terrible confessions, I had an epiphany—it hadn't just been Alayna I’d been protecting by keeping all of this from her. The letters, the danger from my past—I'd also been protecting myself.

"That wasn't the man I married," she'd say occasionally as the worst stories were told, seeming to know that I needed comfort, and it helped, but still—by the time we were ready to meet with Celia on Sunday evening, I was tense and on edge.

Other than the occasional reassurance, Alayna had been oddly quiet for the most part, whether processing all she'd seen or letting me have my space, I wasn't sure. But on the ride to Randall's bar, she became herself again, anxious and fretting and full of questions.

"Why did we choose Randall's? We don't usually go there." She twisted her fingers together nervously, the very definition of wringing her hands.

"It was a random point between our location and hers," I answered, not mentioning that Celia and I had gone back and forth on this matter. She had wanted to meet on her turf, I had, obviously, wanted to meet on mine. The office, her hotel, The Sky Launch—all locations were suggested and dismissed, finally settling on using an app that found meet up spots at an equal distance between two points on a map. Randall's it was.

"She knows why we want to see her?" she continued to fidget.

"No." I was terse.

"Then why did she agree to meet us? That doesn't seem like her. To walk into a situation without knowing what she was dealing with? That seems highly suspicious. Doesn't it?" She was working herself up.

I stilled her hand, wrapping it in mine and caressing it with my own, an attempt to calm her. "I suspect that she thinks that I'm going to discuss business with her,” I said. “She wants me to let her and her husband purchase equal shares in Werner Media so that our three-point alliance no longer favors us."

"Of course she does," Alayna huffed indignantly. "Did she really ask you that directly? Or are you just guessing?"

"She asked directly. She said that if I don't let her buy shares, they will find them somewhere else. That was a few weeks ago." It seemed so much longer in the past. I had barely thought about it with everything else going on.

Alayna pulled her hand away from mine brusquely. "You spoke to her recently?" Her eyes burned into me, not quite accusing, but warily.

I should have realized she’d have that reaction.

I reclaimed her hand in mine, placing my fingers through hers so that it wasn't as easy for her to pull away. "I spoke to her, but just once. We have a business relationship. There will be times that we have to speak." I didn't mention that I had been the one to call Celia, that I'd been concerned about the engagement party details for Chandler and Genevieve. It wasn't a good time for Alayna to believe that I was so worried about her mental health that I would resort to calling her foe.

Perhaps that was manipulative on my part.

Add it to the list of things I was guilty for.

"You're right," she said. "I overreacted." She was silent a moment, and then asked the most brutal question of all, the one I'd really hoped to avoid. "Are you sure Celia isn't the one sending the letters?"

We'd promised to be honest. "No."





"She's late," Alayna said, when we’d been sitting at Randall's for nearly seventeen minutes.

Of course she was. Celia would want to make an entrance.

"Maybe she hit traffic coming from downtown." I took a swallow of my scotch. "Or she had a hard time getting away. You remember how it is when your baby’s that young."

Alayna glowered at me. "Are you defending her?"

I sighed heavily. "No. Just, she's not even here yet. I thought we could save the judgment and the daggers until she's earned it." Because if she was still the Celia that I knew, she was going to earn it.

"How very fair and noble of you.” She brought her glass of Sancerre to her lips. And with her sour expression and red wine lips, for a split second I imagined her the Lady to my Macbeth, the one who could truly undo her husband's enemies.

Then the image was gone, and I had to laugh at myself. Alayna as Lady M. Preposterous. It had always been Celia who was calculating and vengeful and steely. Bitter and focused to the core.

And I was not someone who wanted his enemies undone. I had made them. I was resolved to make amends, and leave vengeance for another man. Another man's wife.

I flipped my eyes to the door as the aluminum frame caught in the light, indicating it had opened. Then—cool, crisp, dressed in red, her blonde hair pulled up—there she was.

"Speak of the devil," I muttered to myself.

Alayna turned her head toward the entrance, but the door wasn't in her sightline. Which meant she wasn’t in Celia’s sightline either.

Celia, on the other hand, saw me right away.

She smiled, not too brightly—with the smile of an old acquaintance, which was what I supposed we were now, on our best days.

After checking in with the hostess, she started toward our table, and, though her stride never changed, I could tell the moment that she saw Alayna. Her posture changed. Her chin lifted. Her shoulders rounded backward. Whatever promise she had of being helpful when she walked in, there was less of a chance now, and her body showed it.

I didn't regret bringing Alayna, though. I wouldn't. I wouldn't have even come if not for her.

It was also obvious the moment that Alayna saw Celia.

My wife was the most beautiful woman in the universe. Nothing compared to her soft brown eyes, her perfectly curved figure, her dark tresses that bent and kinked whichever way they wanted and yet somehow created the most beautiful mane of hair. Her face was interesting. Her flaws made her intriguing. And most importantly, who she was, the person underneath, shone through her physical form. She was passionate, and fiery, and wore her emotions for all to see. It was these things that truly made her spectacular to look at.

But she could never see herself the way that I could. Secretly I suspected she wished she were more refrained and controlled.

Which is why when they met Celia’s, I saw her eyes flash with envy.

Unwarranted envy, in my opinion. Celia was an attractive woman, but she was cold. There was no fire. There was no passion. She might as well have been made of marble and placed on a shelf of one of the fancy homes she decorated for all the life she brought to a room.

Except, maybe she’d changed.

I was still holding out hope that she had.

"Hudson, Laynie," she said in greeting when she arrived at our table.

If I were a gentleman, I would've stood. I didn't.

She sat down at the far end of the booth. Alayna sidled closer to me, likely by instinct.

"I didn't know we were bringing our significant others," Celia said to me, as though we were the only two at the table. "Should I call Edward? He doesn't have any plans."

"That won’t be necessary," I said quickly. I was determined to get straight to the point. Determined to let her know right away that this was not going to be a conversation about our businesses. "This conversation doesn't involve him. It does, however, involve Alayna."

Celia's eyes narrowed into tiny little slits as she moved her focus to the woman next to me. "I'm intrigued.” She studied my wife much more closely than I liked. “How are you, Laynie? It's been so long since we've seen each other face-to-face. You look… tired."

I felt Alayna tense next to me, and I put my hand on her thigh to steady her. This was a cat and mouse game, nothing more. Celia loved taunting. It was best to ignore her.

"What can we get you to drink, Celia?" I raised my hand to flag the bartender.

"Nothing. Water, I suppose." She angled herself in her seat, crossing one leg over the other.

"Really?" I dropped my hand to the table before the bartender noticed me. "You were the one who suggested we meet at a bar, and you’re not even having a drink?" Now I was letting her get to me.

I knew better than this.

"I'm nursing. I can't drink, unless I'm going to dump it all after, and I'm not." She reached over to my scotch glass and pushed it closer toward me. "But we all know you’re in a much more agreeable mood when you've had one of these. Hence, the bar."

It was meant exactly as it sounded—to plant a seed. Does Hudson Pierce have a drinking problem? Like his alcoholic mother? Like his wife's dead father?

I didn't want to do this.

"I changed my mind. We don’t need to meet with you. This isn’t going to get us anywhere. Alayna, grab your purse. We are leaving." I pulled out my wallet, digging for a fifty to leave on the table. Celia was trying to push my buttons, trying to prove she still could, but I didn't need this. Alayna didn't need this.

Apparently, my wife felt differently.

"Hudson," Alayna said, putting her hand firmly on my bicep. "We should stay." Her eyes were pleading, her voice measured, and I knew—I knew how hard it was for her to sit in the same room with Celia, let alone at the same table—and if she was telling me that we should stay, then we needed to stay.

I put my wallet back in my pocket, but left my money on the table, so we could leave when we needed to.

And Celia gloated, as though she'd won the first point. "Thank you. I would hate to have wasted this trip. Now, since Edward is not involved in this matter and Alayna is, I am assuming that we are not here to speak about the three-point alliance?"

It seemed Celia was as interested in getting to the point as I was.

"That is —" I was interrupted from concurring by my wife.

"Like Pierce Industries is going to sell you shares. Did you forget that we have the majority for a reason? Hudson needed to have something to hold —ow!"

The majority had been acquired to keep Celia in line. I wasn't sure this was the best time to remind her of that, when we were about to ask her a favor, so I silenced Alayna with a gentle pinch of her thigh.

"That is correct," I finished. "We are here to ask you for…" I couldn’t bring myself to say favor and chose a different word instead. "Assistance."

Celia tilted her head. "This is interesting. You must be mighty desperate if you’re asking me for help. You have to know that's going to indenture you to me."

I could feel Alayna's claws come out. Probably because she was digging them deeply into my upper thigh.

"Why don't you hear the situation out before you start bartering about payment?" I suggested, trying to ignore the fact that I was being treated like a pin cushion. “At one time, you and I helped each other with no strings attached. Especially when we found the outcome benefitted both of us. You might find this is one of those times.”

Celia opened her hand in a gesture of ambivalence. "Go on then. I’m listening."

I already regretted this. But we were here. And Alayna believed this was our best shot. "We have received a series of threats recently. Letters, addressed to me, containing menacing language toward my family."

Celia eyes went wide. "And you think I did it?"

"No, we didn’t—” I began.

"Well…" Alayna said softly.

I threw her a glare that clammed her up then returned my focus to Celia. "We didn’t come here to accuse you. But the threats reference the past. The time when you and I were…" I glanced at Alayna. It was much harder to have this discussion in front of her than I’d imagined.

"Playing together," Celia finished for me. The expression on my face must have told her what she needed to know. "I see. Do you have these letters with you? May I read them?"

I reached into my jacket pocket and pulled out the photocopies I'd made. I paused, taking one last moment to doubt, then slid the papers across the table toward her. I finished off my drink in one swallow, ignoring the knowing look Celia shot me when I did.

She read through them quickly, her brows creased as her eyes skimmed the lines. I remembered suddenly that she'd always been a lover of words, always excelling in literary arts. Like my wife. In another lifetime, would they have been friends?

That was another future I'd once dreamed.

"This reference about the mask you wear," Celia said, now on the third letter, "could be referring to that masquerade party we went to." She went on reading and soon shook her head. "But none of the rest fits."

That was the problem—none of it fit one exact scenario, one precise dictum. Not that I could see, anyway.

She continued on through the letters when she got to the fifth one, I said, "That one contained a picture of Alayna in the park with the twins. She hadn't known she'd been photographed."

Any decent human being would have found that fact chilling. Celia merely looked up at me and said, "Hm."

Then she gathered all the letters together and handed them back over to me. "I do think you're right, that it’s someone from the past. But it's like a scavenger hunt. You have to do a lot of digging before you can figure out what these vague clues mean."

I didn't take the letters. "We were hoping that you would help us put those clues together."

She considered for possibly half a second, her hand moving in toward her body as though to keep the letters, but then suddenly she pushed them back in my direction. "I can't do that. I can't take these." When I didn’t take them, she set them in front of me on the table. "I'm sorry that I can't be more helpful, I just can't."

Alayna, who'd behaved very well in my opinion, practically bolted up from her seat to lean across the table toward her photo. "You can't? Or you won't?"

I put a soothing arm at the center of her back, ready to pull her down if need be. "We don't have to take up much of your time, Celie," I used her childhood nickname. Every manipulation tactic I had in my book was fair game at this moment. "If you even just allowed us access to the journals so we could piece together —"

"The journals?" This mention startled her. "I don't have them here. They’re in London. I'm sorry. It's not going to work. I can't help you.” She pulled her shoulder bag over her arm. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I really must be going."

She slid out of the booth and walked in a clipped pace toward the door.

"Dammit," I muttered, hurrying after her before I could change my mind.

"Celia, wait.” I managed to close in on her before she left the building. "This person could come after you, too. I might only be victim number one. You aren't innocent here. Your past is as tainted as mine."

"And I understand I'll be on my own if and when that happens. I can't help you, Hudson." She was stubborn. She was iron. I knew this about her. I'd made her like this.

But she had a kid.

I thought she'd found true love. I'd thought she'd changed. "I really thought you'd softened," I said, disappointed more in myself, in my erroneous optimism, than her.

Her expression twisted into something I couldn't read. "You know nothing about me, Hudson. Not anymore."

I felt Alayna walk up behind me, just as Celia turned again and walked out the door.

She was right. I didn’t know her anymore.

And that made us more lost in this investigation than ever.





"She's playing us," Alayna said the minute we were alone in the penthouse. "She's the one behind all of this. She expected us to come straight to her and we played straight into her hands. We’re so stupid!"

We. Never mind that it had been Alayna who had wanted to meet with her. Alayna who had wanted to stay.

I followed my wife into the living room where she was already pacing back and forth. "Don't you think I've already considered this possibility?" My eyes wandered over to the wet bar, but after Celia's comment and my earlier glass of scotch, I decided to hold off.

"I know you considered it as a possibility. But now I'm saying that's what it is.” She flipped to face me. “Do you realize that's what it is too? Because what else is it? It's either that or she's just plain mean."

I sat down on the arm of the sofa and rubbed my hand over my chin. I’d thought about it during the silent ride home, thought about each of Celia's expressions and gestures and tried to analyze every single little detail. Perhaps I didn't know her anymore, but I knew people. I could read people. And if I had to try to read her…

"She seemed spooked," I said, remembering her reaction to the mention of the journals.

Alayna stopped suddenly, midstep. "Spooked? What do you think we are?"

I started to answer, but the elevator dinged.

"The kids are home.” I stood up to meet Payton and the security guards who had brought them back from my sister’s.

Payton was already walking toward the nursery when I stepped into the hall, a baby carrier in each hand. She turned toward me. "They’re all asleep," she said quietly. "You can take Mina from the bodyguard."

I nodded and went to the foyer to retrieve my daughter from the man who was protecting her.

Alayna appeared as I was tucking Mina into her bed. She leaned over our little girl and kissed her on the forehead. Then she threw herself in my arms.

"If it's Celia," she whispered, "that means we aren't really in danger, right? She just wants to scare us. She wouldn’t ever really hurt anybody. Right?"

I didn't answer.

I ushered her out of the room, and when the door clicked shut behind us, I told Alayna what I didn't think she wanted to hear at the moment. "I really don't think it’s Celia."

Her face fell, but she was distracted from her disappointment by Payton as she returned from the twins nursery.

"We had a great weekend. Mina really enjoyed the time with Aryn. I think Holden is getting a new tooth—he's been extra fussy and a little feverish. I gave him Tylenol two hours ago and he didn’t eat much tonight. I’ll check on him again before I leave." She checked our expressions to see if we needed anything else. "I’m going to go get their things from the car."

"Thank you, Payton," Alayna said, walking her toward the door.

"Oh, I almost forgot." I hadn't followed them so I didn't see what was being handed over, but I could hear rustling. "There was that birthday party on Friday afternoon. Mina got this from one of the parents. Probably an invitation to another one. You know how it's always the same kids invited to them."

The hair stood up on the back of my neck, and I started at a brisk pace to the foyer.

"Hudson…?" Alayna called, her voice lilting with concern.

"I'm here," I said, arriving next to her. She was holding a small red envelope. The kind used for thank-you cards and party invitations.

I took it from her hands. It was sealed, unopened. "Where did Mina get this?" I asked again.

"She said a parent gave it to her," Payton answered slowly, as though she were afraid she were in trouble. "One of the dads at the party."

I exchanged glances with my wife. A man.

"Where was this party?" I tried not to sound as concerned as I felt.

"At Central Park."

Outside. Accessible. Anyone could've been there.

"Thank you, Payton. Make sure one of the guards walks with you down to the garage." I waited until she was in the elevator and the doors were closed before I carefully opened the envelope. I wanted to preserve the flap, in case it had been licked instead of sealed with a envelope sealer. I pulled out the card inside. It had a monkey on the cover holding a single balloon.

Was I being paranoid? Was this really just a children's invitation to another birthday party?

But when I opened it, the words I found written in the familiar blocky handwriting chilled me to the bone. There is an enjoyment of correctly predicting how people will react.

Alayna looked up at me, puzzled. "But what does that mean?"

"It's something that I used to say," I said.

"Who would know that?"

Only one person. "Celia."





15





Alayna





"She can't get away with this," I said grabbing my purse from where I'd dropped it in the foyer. I opened it to make sure that my phone was inside. "What hotel is she staying at?"

Hudson was still holding the card, still ruminating on the words. He looked up at me, his eyes glazed, and blinked. "Alayna, you're not—"

I cut him off sharply. "Not going to talk to her? Oh yes I fucking am. What hotel is she staying at? I know you know, and if you don't tell me, I'm going to text Genevieve and ask her.”

Hudson tucked the card inside his suit jacket, next to the letters he’d photocopied for Celia that she hadn't taken.

"Confronting her is only going to play right into her hands. Just like you said earlier." Somehow my husband could remain cool and calm. I didn't know if I envied that, or wanted to smack him for it. "We'll take it to the police tomorrow and handle this the correct way. File a restraining order."

Like a restraining order was going to do anything. She hired people to deliver her messages.

I dug my phone out, and started to text Genevieve, my hands trembling. I was determined to get the answers I needed one way or another, but my fingers couldn’t seem to work properly.

After I made three errors in a row, I turned my frustration on Hudson. "She got my child involved. Our four-year-old little girl. Give me the fucking hotel name, Hudson, because I am going to go there and give her a fucking piece of my mind, and so help me, if you don't let me do it right now, you know that I will do it later. So you might as well just tell me."

He ran three fingers across his forehead, a sign that he was in a more agitated state than I’d given him credit for.

The elevator dinged, and Payton walked in, a diaper bag over one shoulder, Mina's backpack in her arms, as well as one of her favorite stuffed animals. She startled at the sight of us still in the foyer.

"Payton," Hudson said, turning to her. "Would you be able to stay a couple of extra hours? Alayna suddenly remembered an errand we needed to run."

An errand. At eight-thirty on a Sunday. That better be code for beating the crap out of an arch nemesis.

But I was grateful he was making the decision to do this with me rather than putting it off until Jordon could be involved.

"Sure. Mind if I borrow something from your library to read, since the kids are all sleeping?" she asked.

"Yeah, that's fine. Take your pick of whatever," I answered automatically, already pushing the button for the elevator to re-open so we could hurry. The thought of waiting even a second longer suddenly felt like a risk that grew with every moment we weren’t running toward the only real clue we had.

And if we were playing into her hands, well— at least I felt like I was doing something.

"Aren’t you coming?" I asked Hudson impatiently. No danger could truly exist with him by my side.

"Thank you, Payton. Make sure you set the alarm." He followed me into the elevator then hit the button for the doors to close as I fidgeted.

"You better not think you’re going to come up with some classic Hudson Pierce way to distract me from this. I am talking to her." That woman didn't frighten me. I'd given her a black eye once. I could take her down this time. There was no incentive on earth like protecting your children.

Hudson pulled his phone from his pocket and started typing. "Nope, I’m not trying to stop you. I'm texting the driver now. You reminded me that when you get your mind set on something, you don't let it go. But if you think I'm going to let you do this on your own, then you don’t know me. Besides, I have a feeling this will be entertaining. I wouldn’t miss it for the world.”

Awesome. I was preparing to go into the ring, and he’d decided to just take a seat in the stands. I’d been hoping he’d be the guy who wiped the sweat off me and made me chug water in between rounds, but maybe that was pushing it.

Hudson spent the ride toward Celia's hotel on the phone with Jordan, catching him up on the latest. I listened, halfheartedly, but everything he said only worked me up more. Either his words reminded me of what happened, pissing me off all over again, pissing me off at her all over again, or they made me pissed at him.

I didn’t like to feel that way, so it was easier to try and fix my anger on Celia.

"Yes, I'm certain that Celia is the only one that I shared that quote with," Hudson said halfway through his phone call, "but something doesn't line up. This doesn't feel like her M.O. I can't put my finger on it, but I still don't think she's behind this."

"Oh, she's definitely behind this," I said, even though he wasn't speaking to me. "And I don't know what you mean by this isn't her M.O. Riling us up? Trying to scare me? That's totally her."

I knew she was behind it the minute she refused to help us find who was behind the letters. No one could read them—no mother could see a threat to another woman's children, and not want to help. Besides—the “coincidence” of her wanting to reclaim shares from our alliance just as this was happening was too much.

It was obvious to me now. She planned to use our family to benefit herself.

Over my dead body.

"She's usually trying to terrify you," Hudson said, moving his mouth away from the phone to placate me, to try and refute my certainty. To defend her. "She isn't usually trying to terrify me."

Whatever. Wasn’t that the same now that we were married? She’d just gotten more creative with her tactics. That's what people did over time—they changed up the game. They didn't stop playing.

Which is how I knew my husband was a good man.

And the light I saw in him only served to highlight the darkness in her.

But Hudson had gone back to his call, so I kept my comments to myself, letting the fury build inside me until my leg was trembling and the sound of my blood rushing could be heard in my ears.

"Shall I come in with you?" our driver asked when we arrived at the hotel. He was doing double duty as security, and if I were alone, Hudson would kill me if the answer wasn't in the affirmative. Even together, it made sense to me.

So I said, "Yes.”

At the same time, Hudson answered, "That will not be necessary."

I glared at my husband. "You don't even want to try to intimidate her? We’ll look a whole lot stronger if we go up there with a bodyguard on our side."

Hudson made an impatient sound. "I'm trying to prevent a scene. I'm sure she will be more than intimidated at the sight of you as worked up as you are and me behind you. You can circle around, Andrews. We won't be too long. I'll text when we’re done."

Even through my irritation, I was impressed that he knew the name of this particular driver. There were so many new members to the security team, I hadn't yet gotten a chance to learn everyone. I was lucky some random guy hadn't come up and said that he worked for Jordan. At this point, I might've believed them, gotten in the car, and let him take me wherever he wanted.

It was nerve-wracking to realize that my fervor to solve the case could well have blinded me to other details.

I really needed to do a better job of noticing my surroundings.

My surroundings at the moment were quite posh. Celia—or her husband—had nice taste. The hotel was definitely five stars. The kind of place that took the security and privacy of its guests seriously.

The kind of place I’d dealt with in my own past, too.

"Do you know her room number?" I asked, surveying the lobby. The bar was right next to the front desk. An older couple was getting up from their seats.

"I do," Hudson said smugly. "But how do you expect to get up to her floor? The elevator requires a key card to work."

I rolled my eyes. "Oh, God. It's as if you've never stalked anyone." I continued to watch the older couple as they exited the bar and headed toward the elevators. Timing my steps, I managed to make it there right before them, then stopped, searching through my bag as if I was looking for my key. When the couple pressed the elevator button, and stepped inside, I stepped on after them, still digging through my purse. Hudson hurried and followed in, too.

"What floor?" the lady asked after she pressed her own button, using her key card to make it light up.

When Hudson didn't answer right away, I poked him with my elbow.

"Oh. Twenty-seven,” he said.

"I haven't found the key yet. Just a minute. I know it's in here," I continued my pretend purse exploration, letting out an anguished sigh.

"We can get you up," the lady said, using her key to push the twenty-seventh floor button. "You're on your own after that."

"Thank you. My mother's in the room so if I can't find the key, she can at least let us in. That's so helpful. Thanks again." I dropped the search, and settled in at the back of the car next to Hudson.

"You probably didn't even grab it," he said quietly, but loud enough for them to overhear. "You're always leaving the room without the key. My forgetful girl." With a light press of his lips to my temple, the couple smiled at us and looked away.

Maybe he'd never stalked anyone, but of course he was good at these games, too.

In another life, it might have been fun to play them together.

But in this one, we weren’t those people anymore. And we were better. Our life together was precious, and it was worth protecting.

I tapped my hand along my thigh anxiously as we rode up. The elderly couple got off. We climbed higher. Top floor. And then it was our turn.

I pulled out of the car then remembered I didn't know the room number. I turned back and looked expectantly at Hudson.

"2705," he said, answering the unasked question.

A quick glance at the signage on the wall said to go left. I made the turn, my confidence rising with each step that I took. I counted the doors as I passed each one. The Presidential Suite, read the sign outside 2705.

"Of course," I muttered, raising my hand to knock. My heart was pounding, and all my outrage was reaching a boiling point.

My children.

My children.

Hudson halted me before I could pound my raised fist. "We should be adult about this," he said. "Handle this civilly. In an appropriate manner."

"Mm hm." I was noncommittal as I spotted a doorbell. A fucking doorbell in a hotel room. I reached for it.

"Alayna, you hear me? You're going to behave, right?"

"Totally." I pushed the bell.

It was quiet for a moment, no sound came from inside. Then there were voices, first too muffled to make out followed by Celia's voice increasing in volume as she presumably walked toward the door. "… probably turndown service."

Turndown service. That's where I should be—in bed, relaxing, waiting for turndown service with no cares in the world. Instead of scared out of my freaking mind, worrying about my children and their safety and whether or not someone was actually after them.

The door opened, and as soon as I saw Celia standing there in a white silk robe, her face and hair fresh and clean from a shower, I lurched.

"How dare you? How dare you?" I screamed in her face.

Celia took a step back, caught off-guard, allowing me entrance and Hudson came in behind me, immediately grabbing my arms, probably afraid that I'd end up swinging.

He wasn't wrong.

Well, he could hold my fists, but he couldn’t hold my tongue. "It's one thing to mess with me, but you crossed a line when you involved my child. You are unbelievable, you know that? It's unfathomable that anyone, let alone another mother, could do this to someone else, just for kicks. How dare you?"

"Civil, Alayna, remember?" Hudson said at my ear as I struggled against him.

"Jesus, what the fuck?" Celia flashed her blue eyes wide, her expression alarmed and innocent.

"Exactly, what the fuck, Celia?" I yelled.

"Hold on, hold on," Hudson wrangled my wrists behind my back, so that he was holding them with one large hand. The other pulled out the card that we’d received and handed it over to Celia.

Like that was a smart move.

Celia opened the card and read it, her face going pale. She looked genuinely concerned. She was a better actress than I'd given her credit for.

"Where did you get this?" she asked.

"Someone gave it to Mina at the park," Hudson answered.

"Oh my God," she exclaimed.

I was done with the charade. "It was you! You're so fucking sick. Hudson said you'd changed, but you will never change. You have no heart. Manipulating and conniving. Does your husband know what… what a… dragon he married?"

I bucked against Hudson's hold on me, seriously wanting to tear out her throat. His grip remained firm as he shouted out commands—“stay”, “calm”—and Celia rattled on indignant protestations of it wasn't me.

Suddenly a booming voice cut through the noise. "What the hell is going on here?"

The room suddenly grew silent, all attention focused on the man who'd entered the room. Hudson was even startled enough to loosen his grip, and I pulled away from him, quickly taking two large steps to the side and out of his reach. He didn't try to come after me. He was too busy watching Celia, noticing the way she had turned every bit of her focus to the stranger.

Not really a stranger, I supposed. I'd never met him, but I knew who he was. Edward Fasbender, Celia's husband. Genevieve's father. The owner of Accelecom, the company that had recently joined forces with Pierce Industries and Werner Media to create a three-point alliance, determined to corner the media technology market.

My first impression, even with his shirt unbuttoned at the collar and his cuffs loosened, was that he was a very intimidating man. There was a palpable change in the air when he walked in. He was at least a decade older than us. Powerful, formidable. Much like Celia.

Though her stance had weakened since he'd entered the room. Had she finally met her match?

"Edward,” she said, taking a step toward him. "It's nothing. Hudson and Alayna are... old friends."

"Old friends, my ass," I blurted out.

Hudson threw me a sharp glare, as though warning me silent. It felt patronizing as hell, and I made a note to tell him later.

"Is there a problem?" Edward asked, coming further into the space. "I didn't realize that you and Hudson Pierce had been friends, darling."

Celia, who always had something to say, who always had her best face on—lowered her eyes demurely, saying nothing.

It was startling to watch. Made no sense.

And then it hit me —her husband really didn't know about Celia's past.

Which meant I had leverage.

I stepped around Celia so I could speak directly to Edward. "Actually, there is a problem."

"Alayna," Hudson hissed. Then, addressing his peer, "Edward, you haven't met my wife."

"No, I haven't. And I hear we are about to be family." He stepped closer, and I found there was something oddly charismatic about him, and also oddly frightening. He didn't offer his hand, simply studied me as though inspecting a new suit he wanted to purchase. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Alayna."

"It's really just a misunderstanding," Celia said, her voice shaking almost imperceptibly.

"I'd like to hear what Alayna has to say, if you don't mind?" His stare pierced into his wife like a knife at her throat, until she lowered her eyes again. "Alayna?"

Feeling bolstered, I lifted my chin up. "Hudson and I are being terrorized. We have reason to suspect the threats may be coming from your wife."

"That's not necessarily true," Hudson said behind me, and I swear to God I wanted to punch him in the nuts. How much more fucking evidence did he need? For someone who claimed to be here to back me up and maybe enjoy the show while he was at it, he was awfully quick to abandon me.

At the same time he corrected me, Celia protested again. "I haven't done anything to you. I didn't send a single one of those threats."

Edward put his hand up, silencing his wife again with the mere gesture.

"If she didn't do it," I continued, "She could prove it, and help us find out who is threatening us, at the same time. It would be easy, if she'd let us see the journals that she kept from the time that she and Hudson…" I paused.

Here it got tricky. Exposing the exact nature of Hudson and Celia's relationship to her husband would remove the leverage that I had. I just had to dangle the possibility in front of her.

"Hudson and Celia had a working relationship in the past," I finally said. "I don't mean to butt into your marriage. It would be truly cruel and devious to interfere with your relationship." I glared at Celia. "And so I apologize if this is the first you are hearing about their former partnership. But my family’s safety is on the line, and this is truly important."

Edward nodded, his face stony and stoic. If I'd ever thought that Hudson was unreadable, he was Dr. Seuss compared to the dense text of Edward Fasbender.

I watched, and waited.

"I see," he said after a moment, and then it was his turn to surprise me. "I do know about Hudson and Celia's working relationship, of course."

"You do?" I felt gutted, losing my one ace as quickly as I gained it.

"I do. Celia tells me everything. Don't you, darling?" He moved to put his arm around her, and she fit perfectly into the crook of his. As though she'd always belonged beside him. "Well, almost everything."

Celia bent her head at his last remark, a clear sign that she felt guilty over something. It was an exchange that Hudson and I were not meant to understand. Frankly, I was more concerned about where we stood now as far as the journals.

But Edward cleared that up too. "I can guarantee you that Celia is not behind this. And to prove it, we will have the journals flown here from London. They can arrive here by Tuesday. You may come back then. Now, if you don't mind, Celia needs to get some sleep. Our baby will be waking up in about five hours for her feeding, and you are correct, Celia really is a dragon when she hasn't gotten enough sleep."





"Damn," I said, when we were in the hall and the door was shut behind us. Despite the tension that had played between us all evening, despite my irritation at his behavior inside, I was desperate to discuss what had just happened. "I've never seen Celia kowtow to anyone before. Did you see the way he just looked at her and she bent to his will?"

"I told you she fell in love," Hudson said grabbing me by the forearm and directing me down the hall, past the elevators.

"What the fuck are you talking about? Fell in love? That was not love. That was some kind of mind control trick or maybe he has, like, a voodoo spell on her, or maybe he's blackmailing her or something. It's not love. And where are you taking me, anyway?"

He pushed through a door and pulled us into the stairwell. "Love doesn't always look like love to someone on the outside." He pushed me roughly against the wall, and caged me in. "This probably isn't going to look a lot like love right now, either. Turn around."

I was so used to doing anything he said, I began to turn in the tight space. "What isn't going to look like love? Why?"

I heard the sound of his buckle, followed by his zipper. "The way I'm going to fuck you. Because I'm mad at you."

Sudden warmth spread over my skin, and a fire began low in my belly. God, I loved it when he was like this—dominating, demanding, desperate.

Except… “Wait. I'm mad at you too." I started to turn back to face him, but he put a firm hand on my back, keeping me in place.

"Good. You can tell me all about it while my cock’s inside you." He kicked my legs apart.

I spread them even further. I didn't want to fight him. Not really. Not at all, actually.

"Well. If you can't figure it out on your own, you were a total asshole to me in there. You should've stood up for me. Instead, you practically defended her." I felt my skirt being lifted, felt his fingers on my crotch panel as he pulled it to the side, clearing a path for him. My heart sped up even as my stomach sank a little, remembering what had just occurred. "You tried to hold me down. Which was demeaning and patronizing and… oh."

He thrust into me with one bold stroke, completely distracting me from my chain of thought.

"Are you done?" he asked, sliding out of me, only to return again full force.

If I had an answer, it was lost to the moan that came out of my lips. Fuck, he felt good and thick and furious.

"Good. Then I'll tell you why I'm mad at you." He snaked his arm around my waist and dipped it down to my pussy to rub my clit. As soon as his fingers touched the surface of my sensitive bud, my knees buckled and I had to press my forearms against the wall to steady myself.

"You said you were going to be civil," he said, as he continued to hammer into me, his fingers driving me mad at the same time. "You didn't trust me when I said I didn't think she was the one. You could have lost us the chance at getting access to those journals altogether."

I could feel an orgasm spiraling through me, whirling like the cyclone in our lives, taking over, forcing me to hold on tighter.

Somehow I still managed to gather my thoughts enough to say one last thing. "I did get us the journals. Me."

"And Jesus Christ, I've never thought you were sexier." He brushed his nose against my ear then nibbled, hard. "Put your legs together. Make it tight."

I brought my thighs together, tightening the space between my legs, my pussy naturally gripping him harder. With his praise and admission of how hard my strength turned him on, along with his expert caresses of my clit and his quick staccato jabs, it was only another minute before I was crying out his name.

Over and over, my favorite mantra.

My favorite prayer.

"Hudson, Hudson, Hudson," as my limbs shook with pleasure and my vision went dark and spotted with lights.

He grunted out something incoherent and finished while I was still trembling with the aftershocks.

I was limp and boneless when he turned me around to claim my mouth, the only reason I was still able to stand because he was holding me so tight. This. This was why he was so perfect. We could fight, and bicker. We could pull and yank at the tension surrounding us, and still he would fight to come back to me.

And when we came together again, we were always explosive.

My lips were bruised when he pulled away, or they felt bruised. Swollen, at least. Well kissed. To me, it looked like love.

I leaned against the wall of the stairwell, and watched him as he pulled himself together, trying to empty my mind, trying to hold onto the post orgasmic haze he'd given me.

But thoughts will enter as they will, and the realization that hit me suddenly took my breath away.

"Hudson," I said reaching for him, clutching to him when my hands made contact with his chest. "If it's not Celia, if Celia didn't do this...if she didn't send the letters...if she didn't send the card—it means there is somebody out there who wants to hurt us.

“And he touched our little girl."





16





Hudson





It was another sleepless night. I’d tossed and turned, unable to get comfortable. Unable to rid my mind of the image of a man, some stranger approaching my child. My precious little girl.

Alayna and I argued over how to handle Mina's involvement. We both flipped sides so many times, it was impossible to say which of us thought we should talk to her about the man who'd given her the card and which of us wanted to keep her sheltered and not alert her to any fear.

At one point, Alayna said, "It was probably someone the asshole hired. Not him personally. Probably some nobody who was given the task of passing a birthday invitation out to a particular little girl."

"And if that's true," I came back, "then that hired delivery man might lead us to our real guy."

"She's four years old, Hudson. She can't possibly relay any information that's useful. We might as well not involve her at all." She stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her, only to return a minute later. "Unless there was something really remarkable about the man. She is a smart kid. If the guy had a limp or an accent…"

By that time, she’d convinced me not to pursue that avenue of investigation. "I'll send Jordan to talk to the mother that handled the birthday party. We'll start there first. Mina will be a last resort."

When I left for the office on Monday, we still didn't have a firm certainty of what tactic to take with our daughter. We'd agreed to put it off one more day, both of us knowing that every minute that went by increased the risk of Mina forgetting anything she might recall about the encounter.

Christ, she was just a little girl! She shouldn't have to be a part of this at all.

On the drive to work, I dealt with another issue. Or tried to. Celia.

I had things to say to her. She had acted oddly from the moment we had spoken to her about our threats, and while her husband was acting reasonably and responsibly by having the journals brought to the States immediately, something had still been off.

It should have been her who had offered to help, not a man who was, in many ways, a rival as much as a peer. It would be better, I believed, to confront her alone, without her spouse present. Without my spouse present, for that matter.

I called her cell phone. I let it ring until it crossed over to voicemail before I hung up. I tried again with the same result, then decided I would try to speak with her later.

Later happened as soon as I arrived on my floor and found her waiting in my lobby, our eyes met.

Without saying a word, I unlocked the door to my office, then stood aside gesturing her in. I followed her, shutting the door behind me.

But before I could address her at all, I discovered she had something to say as well.

"You really fucked up, Hudson," she tore into me before I could even get behind my desk. "And you can't blame that on me. This was your doing. You're the one who brought this to my house."

She was tense and cryptic, pacing back and forth in front of my desk like a smoker jonesing for her next cigarette break.

There were ways to handle this woman. I knew them, every one. I had long ago become a pro at managing Celia Werner when we'd run our experiments and games together. I could turn the situation around.

But I was tired. Worn out. Exhausted from arguing and digging and wading through the emotions and remnants of the crimes of my past. I had precious little energy left, and she didn't deserve to have it wasted on her.

I slammed my fist down hard on the desk, making her jump and cutting her off. "Did you do it? Are you behind this? Yes or no? Once and for all."

Her face wrinkled in anguish, as though I'd slapped her. "No! I told you, I didn't —"

"Then I didn't fuck up. We need those journals. We need them to solve this. Whatever it took to get them, I don't regret it." I was dismissive and final.

She ignored my cues, insisting on her innocence once again. "I have always been real with you. No matter what I've done, what schemes I've pulled. I have still always been honest with you, when we were face to face. So when I say I didn't do this, you should know I'm telling the truth."

I sat down in my chair and looked up at her as though I were surprised to still find her standing in front of me. "How could I know anything?" I asked innocently. "I don't know you anymore. Remember?"

She nodded, her lips tight. She kept nodding and she stared at me for several hard seconds.

Then without another sound, she turned around and left my office.

I should have felt good about it. She'd walked out like a wounded animal. It should have been a victory.

But I wasn't convinced I was in a war with Celia Werner Fasbender. There was no victory to be won here. Not really.

And if I was wrong, then I knew she'd find a way to have the last word.





It was an entirely different Celia who answered the door when Alayna and I arrived at her hotel room the following morning.

"Come on in," she said, as invitingly as though we were the first guests to arrive for bridge night. "I've already ordered tea and coffee—I didn't know which you preferred in the morning," she said looking directly at my wife. "I also have an assortment of fruits and breakfast pastries, in case you haven't eaten yet. I know sometimes it's hard to remember to take care of yourself in times of stress."

Alayna and I exchanged a glance.

"I've already eaten," Alayna said blankly. At the last minute she added, "Thank you."

Celia's smile didn't falter at all. "They're here if you change your mind."

"How about we just get started?" I said, determined to move this along as quickly and as efficiently as possible. It was one thing when I'd followed Alayna over so that she could speak her mind. That had been on Alayna's terms. Today felt entirely different. Today was out of my control. And where my wife was involved, I resented not having that control.

I was the one who felt responsible for her being here. I hated that she had to do this, had to sort through my worst stories and spend the day with a woman who had worked so hard to bring her pain—especially when it was debatable whether or not she was done.

"Where are the journals?" I asked, keeping the ball rolling.

"Since you’re obviously not hungry either, Hudson, they're in here. Follow me." Celia made a left down the hall, and walked deeper into the hotel suite. Alayna started after her, but I grabbed her hand first, lacing it through mine. I wasn't sure if it was to bring her comfort or for my benefit, but it felt better going into this with our hands joined.

"Is Edward working with us as well?" I asked as we walked after Celia.

"No. He went into work. It’s just us and the nanny," she said leading us into the dining room.

Then there they were, the journals from our past, spread out on the dining room table. Eleven in total, I counted. Black and slender and harmless, except for the words that they contained.

My stomach rolled, and I was suddenly grateful that I hadn't accepted any of the food Celia had offered.

I was also glad it was only the three of us. I wasn't sure exactly how much Celia had told her husband about the contents of the books before us, and while a part of me hoped—for her sake—that he was aware and accepting of her former sins, there was absolutely no reason he needed to participate in the airing of mine.

"I don't know if you had a plan about how to attack this," Celia said, tucking a stray hair behind her ear that had fallen from the loose bun gathered at the back of her head. "But I was thinking that you and I, Hudson, could each grab a journal and start reading through it. When we come to a name of someone involved in an experiment, we could record the name as well as any other details that may be important regarding the subject. Such as whether or not we believe they might still have hostile feelings toward you or me. Most of those references in the letters seemed vague, but if we come across anything that seems to possibly be referenced, then we can note that as well."

The three of us stood around the table, none of us moving. It was precisely the manner that I had planned to sort through the books, but having Celia take charge threw me off-kilter. Made me doubt the method.

"If you have another plan…" she offered, seeming to sense the source of my hesitation.

But I didn’t. "No. This is good." I dropped Alayna's hand so I could remove my jacket. I hooked it on the back of one of the dining room chairs, and then sat down, ready to get to work.

Celia took the cue and sat down across from me.

"What should I do?" Alayna still stood next to me.

Celia looked to me to answer. It was my turn to read her mind. Not only could Alayna miss relevant information as she read through the journals, it also somehow felt strange to ask her to try. The walls were down between us, she knew my secrets, and I was sure many things I was ashamed of would be revealed during the course of the day. But I didn't have to force her to read through the shock and horror of my former days.

I could protect her from nothing else, it seemed, but the details.

"You can do the recording, Alayna. As Celia and I read, we will call out information. If you could track it and sort it, I think that would be the best use of your time."

She brightened slightly. "I have my laptop. I could build a spreadsheet.”

I smiled reassuringly in her direction. "That would be very helpful." Which was the truth, but I also knew how much my wife loved making spreadsheets. Hopefully it would keep her mood up as well.

"Let's get to it, then." I reached for the nearest journal and opened it up.

Celia took the one in front of her, and began reading as well.

The journals were small, each five by eight with one hundred lined sheets inside. Celia’s print handwriting was feminine and clearly legible. She wrote in expressive prose, hinting at her love of literature in the eloquent passages. It was much different from the way that I had recorded our experiments before she'd come along. Mine had been like science reports—all data and analysis. Concise. Clinical. I had never thought to include nuances such as the emotional state of either of us throughout the schemes, or the addition of references to outside material to back up our hypotheses and conclusions.

A few pages in, I realized she hadn't only recorded our history together, but had also revealed deep pieces of herself. These truly functioned as diaries as well as journals. Was this why she hadn't wanted to share them with us? Because the sharing made her vulnerable?

She couldn't possibly be as vulnerable as Alayna and I were at the moment. Or as vulnerable as my children. Could she?

I brushed aside sentimentality and forced myself to concentrate on the goal.

"Monica," I said, reading the first name that came up. I remembered this one—Monica wouldn't be a threat. She hadn't even realized she'd been played. It had been a simple jealousy ruse. A quest to see how long a new woman I was dating would tolerate an overly close relationship with the former flame, played by Celia.

Monica had dropped me the first time she'd found Celia fresh from a shower, wearing only a robe in my apartment. Good for you, Monica.

"Graham," I added when I came across her last name. "Monica Graham. No threat level. Nothing that connects to anything in the letters."

"Timothy Kerrigan," Celia called out a minute later. “And Caroline Kerrigan.”

I looked up at her.

“Book one,” she said, holding it up, as though she thought that was why I’d given her my attention. “I picked it on purpose. I like chronological order.”

“Mm,” I replied, not sure what other response to give. Tim and Caroline had been our first real game together—an attempt to break up a pair of newlyweds in her building. As we had worked tirelessly to try to bring their marriage to an end, I distinctly remember the thrill of feeling like Celia and I had found a new beginning. I had decided I would never be the type of man who could share myself with anyone, but in that single scheme, I had found one part of my life that no longer had to be lived alone.

Now, at the memory, I felt guilt and shame.

And regret?

No, not that. Opening that door to Celia had been the first step in a long journey to finding Alayna. I would never regret that, no matter how dark and twisted the path got before Alayna's sunlight found my world.

Next to me, Alayna had pulled her laptop from her purse and had already begun developing the spreadsheet. She speedily recorded the information, then asked some follow-up questions—the date, any known phone number or address or email, whether either of us had seen the subjects since the scheme had taken place.

It was a good system, and the work moved steadily like this through the morning. We decided to wait until all the data was gathered before making any conclusions about any particular subject, but a couple of times I picked up my phone and called Jordan, requesting that he look further into this person or that. It was exhausting and tedious, but it was the most productive I had felt on the investigation since the whole thing had begun.

We'd been working for almost three hours when a small cry from the other room reminded us that we weren't alone. A moment later, a robust German woman appeared from somewhere in the suite, carrying the baby, still fussing.

"Excuse me, Mrs. Fasbender. I think she's hungry. She won't take the binky," the woman said, speaking softly as she hovered over Celia.

"It's about time for her to eat," Celia said glancing at the clock. "I'll take her. Thank you, Elsa."

I tried to concentrate on the words I was reading instead of watching while Celia took the baby in her arms, and walking with a little bounce in her step, as she crossed over to the living room and sat in the armchair.

But I couldn't look away.

She expertly adjusted her blouse and positioned the blanket around her infant daughter so she could nurse while remaining modest. Then she slumped into the chair, her feet propped up on the Ottoman in front of her, and cooed at her baby.

It was fascinating. And breathtaking. The kind of scene that would make a well-treasured photograph, if someone were to capture the image. It was natural and sweet, and I was reminded of a Celia Werner that I once knew. A young, vibrant woman who only wanted to be loved. To feel love.

"I remember what it's like to be in love," she’d whispered to me once in the dark. "I'd like to feel that again… someday."

She had been vulnerable then, and in response I'd been angry and offended. I hadn't believed in the emotion. I had thought her a fool, had believed she'd been ignorant and brainwashed. I'd been the atheist, laughing while she prayed to her God of romance.

I had been so afraid she would leave me, that I would be alone again in the world of coldhearted manipulation. Then, in the end, I had been a convert. I'd been the one to leave her.

I wanted her to be changed, I realized.

I wanted to believe that this Celia that I watched, while she cuddled and caressed her infant, was as genuine and real as she seemed.

I wanted her to be changed because we’d once been friends, and I wanted her to feel love, the kind of love that can't break through without morphing you into the best kind of person. The kind of love that I had with Alayna.

I wanted her to be changed because it let me off the hook.

Because if she wasn't changed, then she was just another victim to count among the others. Another person I had schemed and played with and betrayed.

Was I seeing, then, only what I wanted to see?

"Even grizzly bears care for their baby cubs," Alayna whispered next to me. And if I wanted to be judgmental about her spite, I couldn’t for even a moment. My wife deserved to hold her grudge against Celia as long as she felt she needed to. I owed it to her not to try to persuade her otherwise.

When I turned to her, I expected to find her scowling at me, silently reprimanding me for whatever kind thoughts she assumed were playing in my mind.

But I found that despite what she'd said, she was also watching Celia, and though I couldn't quite read what she was thinking; her expression was soft and her eyes compassionate.

“What’s her name?” she called across the room, a question I hadn’t been bold enough to ask.

I traced her gaze back to Celia who was now holding her baby across her shoulder, rubbing her tiny back.

“Cleo,” Celia answered, smiling as she said it, as though it were a word that couldn’t be said without a happy countenance.

"Is she a good baby?"

My gaze returned to my wife. Trying to read her. Trying to determine if she meant the question to discover something she could lord over her later, or if she was genuinely interested.

Her expression said the latter.

Celia hesitated a moment before answering, perhaps trying to determine the same motive. "She is, for the most part. I have a terrible time getting her to burp though." Her voice grew higher as she addressed the baby. "Too much of a little lady, aren't you?"

Alayna pushed her chair from the table and stood up. "Can I try?" She started working towards Celia before she got an answer. "Brett's the same way. I swear it's because she's trying to get extra cuddle time. But I learned a few tricks." She held her hands out towards Celia.

"It’s worth a shot. She gets terrible tummyaches when she doesn’t. Thank you."

Gently, she handed off her daughter to Alayna, who lit up at the presence of a baby in her arms.

I stared at them as they chatted easily about burping techniques, and wondered with a sudden tightness in my chest if this was the thing that the two of them might finally bond over. Not any of the other things I'd assumed they'd be likely to share an interest in—books, business, me—but something as simple and universal as motherhood. I couldn't tell if it was a one-off moment, or the beginning of something that could change all of us forever, but it felt precarious, like balancing a tray full of expensive china while walking along a tightrope. The slightest breeze in the wrong direction would send everything crashing to the ground.

I desperately didn't want to be that wind.

I shifted my eyes back to the text in front of me, finding the spot on the page where I had left off, but stared at the words for several moments before actually resuming reading.

A few minutes later, Celia returned to the table, leaving Alayna to rock back and forth on her heels, doting on Cleo. A pleasant, thick sort of hush fell over the room, and I tried not to breathe for fear of disturbing it.

We were beginning to settle into this quiet, when Celia started to giggle.

I peered sharply across the table at her.

"Remember the Pascal sisters? You tried to convince them you were twins." She giggled again as though remembering something particularly funny about the scheme.

I rolled my eyes. "There hadn't been any point to that game."

"Yes there had been—it was for fun." She brought up one foot underneath her on the chair. "I could never figure out whether you were that good at fooling them or whether they were just that clueless."

I frowned dismissively. Then I remembered how I'd acted that one, using a slightly different voice for one of the "brothers."

"I think they were relatively easy to fool." I began chuckling now. "Why would two brothers have two different accents?"

"Right? I don't think I've ever laughed harder."

"That was fun, wasn't it?" I'd never really labeled it as such. Or, I hadn't in a long time, too absorbed in the guilt and shame to remember that I had enjoyed myself. Had enjoyed the plotting and the playing and the companionship of that time, when I'd felt little else. I’d forgotten that even then, when I’d thought myself lost in the darkness, I was still capable of silliness, the kinds of pranks anyone might play.

It felt good to remember that, to recognize that I hadn't been completely hollow, that those years together hadn't been all wasted.

"And did the Pascals think it was fun?" Alayna's question cut through the moment, reminding me that my thrills had a cost.

I sobered quickly. "No, I'm sure they did not."

"She's burped," Alayna announced flatly, delivering Cleo to her mother. Celia took the baby then left the room to return her to the nanny.

Alayna took her place next to me once again, saying nothing as she resumed work on her spreadsheet.

I considered her carefully, irritation pinching just under my skin. She deserved her spite—I did understand that. But this was jealousy, and that I begrudged her. What right did she have to be jealous? Didn't she understand that any joy I had found in that time of cold, dark nothingness was shallow compared to the depth of happiness I'd found with her? Didn't she realize that I had barely been alive back then? Didn't she understand that my life began with her?

She had nothing to envy. She was my everything. Every moment I had lived without her was cold and empty in comparison.

"Hudson, I forgot to show you that I had this ready," Celia said returning to the table with a paper in hand. She slid it across the table so Alayna and I could both see it. It was a diagram of a room, a proposed seating arrangement. With tiny circles around larger circles to indicate designated seats, names labeled next to each one.

"I hope you find that suitable for Chandler and Genevieve's engagement party. I tried to be thoughtful about where I placed you. As you can see, I didn't put you in the back, though I did appreciate the suggestion."

I could feel my balance start to shift, feel the tray of china in my arms begin to slip from my grasp.

"Hudson suggested a seating arrangement for the party?" Alayna asked, her tone slightly confused, but underneath, a realization.

She wasn't dumb. She'd never been dumb. She was the smartest woman I knew.

"Yes," Celia answered before I could gather myself enough to intervene. "He called me right after they got engaged, concerned about any unnecessary tension between, well, us. He requested that he be allowed to approve the seating arrangement."

Alayna turned her attention slowly toward me, her eyes brimming, her expression full of pain and betrayal. "You thought I couldn't handle it." It wasn't a question. It wasn't even quite an accusation. It was a bitter acceptance of the painful truth.

"Alayna… precious…" I was wordless, stammering. I couldn't deny it—I had done it. For her good—to protect her. Always, to protect her.

She didn’t understand.

She snatched her purse from the floor and stuffed her laptop inside then pushed away from the table with a mumbled, "Excuse me. I have to go."

"Give us a minute," I muttered to Celia as I jumped up to follow my wife. I threw a glare over my shoulder though, making sure Celia felt it, because there was every chance that she'd meant to stir up this drama, that it hadn't been an ignorant misstep. Finding out which wasn't the most immediate priority on my agenda.

Alayna was outside in the hall when I caught up to her. "This isn't what it looks like. You can't let this get to you."

"Can't I?" she lashed back. "Isn't that exactly what you expected I would do in Celia's presence?"

Annoyance coursed through my body. "Oh, for Pete's sake. That isn't fair. You were obsessing. I was trying to make it better for you."

"Awesome. Seems to be working really well, doesn't it?" Her anger radiated off her in spikes like barbed wire.

I tried a different tactic. "Look," I said gently. "I understand. It's tense in there. It's difficult to trust Celia —"

She cut me off. "This has nothing to do with Celia right now, Hudson. Don't you get it? This is so classic. You don't even see how you manipulate people. You're the one making me crazy! Look at yourself in the mirror.”

I was acting on little sleep. My emotions were tangled and stretched, my bandwidth thin. “You’ve overdramatizing this. As usual. This is why I didn’t want you working on this with me.”

“That’s bullshit. That’s an excuse so that you don’t have to face the fact that you broke my trust—not in the past, Hudson, but now.” An angry tear escaped, and she wiped it away quickly with the back of her hand.

It made my stomach twist, the guilt roiling around, and instead of taking the time to step back and acknowledge that, I lashed out. “I am not going to take responsibility for your overactive mind.”

Shit. It was a low blow. Something I didn’t even mean. I took responsibility for all of her—she belonged to me. That was my job. A job at which I was failing miserably.

She looked as though I’d knocked the wind out of her. It took a couple of breaths before she could spit out her next words. “Typical. Not taking responsibility. Have you stopped to think for a second that might be exactly why we’re in the predicament we’re in at the moment?”

She’d cut deep with that one, stabbing me exactly where she knew it would hurt. It was the one problem with letting someone see every part of you—they knew how to best wound you with your own worst truths.

But I knew her too. “That’s enough. Go home. Better yet, go to work. You need something to keep your mind busy while I try to save our family. Why don’t you go fixate on The Sky Launch?”

I turned back toward Celia’s hotel room door and hit the buzzer, refusing to let myself look back at Alayna. Refusing to let myself believe that I’d acted in any way except in her best interest.

Refusing to admit that I’d done anything wrong at all.





17





Alayna





"...and the woman raised her arms above her head, her wrists bound together, remember. Then she dropped them really fast and, like, sort of shot her elbows to the side, and broke through the binding." Gwen used her arms to demonstrate as she spoke. "There was, probably three layers of duct tape around her wrists too. It was freaking amazing."

Her rapt audience of one, Liesl, leaned against the bar and stared at Gwen with wide eyes. "No way. Nothing breaks through that stuff."

"Way," Gwen insisted. "It didn't even look like it took any effort. That's how easy it was."

"This changes my vision on everything. I really thought that standard duct tape was the impenetrable fix-all. Maybe I do need to call a handyman about that pipe in my kitchen."

I chewed on my lip, my mind wandering from the discussion of Gwen and JC's night at the Open Door, the sex party they had attended the previous Saturday. I meant to listen, but I had other things distracting me. I'd come straight to The Sky Launch after having left Celia's hotel more than an hour before, and I was still fuming.

Stupid Hudson.

And stupid Celia.

Or maybe it was stupid me.

Maybe I was blowing everything out of proportion. It was so hard to tell. We'd been tense around each other, Hudson and I, both of us so worked up and anxious about this stranger out in the world, threatening to hurt us, engaging with our child. It was only natural for us to be jumping down each other's throats. It would be easier to dismiss his shitty comments and his shitty behavior if Celia hadn't been involved.

Especially when Hudson started acting like she was human.

But then, I supposed, why wouldn't he? She'd even seemed human to me at times this morning. She'd been cordial and helpful and, with her baby, she'd been just a regular mother.

But she was a woman who had done terrible things to people. Not just me, but the people whose names I’d entered into my spreadsheet. She'd scammed them and hurt them and thought it was all just for fun. Who could do things like that and not be a terrible person?

The answer, of course, was Hudson.

Hudson had done those things with her and I knew he wasn't terrible. But he'd changed.

Why was it so impossible to believe that Celia could change too? If there could be two versions of him, why not two versions of her?

There were certainly two versions of me.

And, worst of all, Hudson couldn't tell when I was one Alayna versus the other. That was the piece that had truly gutted me. He was so willing to give Celia the benefit of the doubt, and yet I didn’t deserve it? Would he always treat me like I was that crazy, fragile woman, even when I was strong?

Would I always be paying for my past?

I guessed Hudson was paying for his past, too. We all were, and it sucked.

"Wait,” Liesl said sharply, grabbing my attention. “You said she broke through the binding—was that before or after the guy fucked her?"

"Oh, definitely after. They were playing out some sort of attack fantasy. He had tape over her mouth too—you know, so she couldn't scream."

"Damn. That's so hot." Liesl threw her blue streaked hair over one shoulder and fanned herself. "It was hot, right? Or was it too rapey to be hot?"

"It was definitely hot. And rapey. Which sounds really bad, when I say it that way. But she asked for it." Gwen thought another moment. "That sounds just as bad. It was consensual."

"Consensual rape," Liesl nodded. "I get it."

I rolled my eyes. "There is no such thing as consensual rape. It's called rape play."

"Someone’s sure in a testy mood. Gwen's talking about the best night of her life over here. Lighten up."

I glared at Liesl. "And it seems she thought the highlight of the night was when a woman burst through duct tape." I moved my focus to Gwen. "If that's really the best thing you got out of the sex party, it was either the lamest sex party on earth or you already know everything."

Gwen raised her chin proudly. "I do know a lot, thank you. And it wasn't the highlight. It's just the only thing that's suitable for discussion at work in front of everyone. And it was supercool." She scowled. "Liesl's right—you do need to lighten up."

I took a deep breath in and let it out audibly. "I'm sorry. I'm in a bad mood. I didn't mean to take it out on you two."

Gwen crossed to me and knocked my shoulder with hers. "Understandable. And you are forgiven." I'd told her all about my morning when I'd first arrived. "Honestly, I don't know how we’re all not in a bad mood. This job fair is insane."

I looked out at the dance floor where the fair she was speaking of was taking place. Several of the larger nightclubs in the city had gathered together to jointly host the third annual search for nightclub employees. It was our turn to provide the space, so the main floor had been transformed into a sea of unemployed. Gwen had assigned another manager to collect resumes and make contacts on our behalf down on the floor. Even watching the whole affair was exhausting. A record number of people had shown up, and the room buzzed with chaos.

"Hey," Liesl said, leaning across the bar to get a better look. "Is that David?"

I followed her gaze. "David who? David Lindt? Who used to work here?" I perked up at the thought of seeing an old friend, even one I had parted with on awkward terms.

"It is!" Liesl exclaimed. "David," she yelled through the noise. "Hey, David!"

At the sound of his name, David turned toward the bar, straightening his tie as he did. He saw Liesl first, then scanned his eyes across Gwen and landed on me, looking surprised when he did.

He headed toward us, and we rounded the bar to greet him. Well, Gwen and I rounded the bar—Liesl just climbed over. Which was why she was the first one to him. She jumped on him, wrapping her legs around his waist, giving him a big embrace.

I hung back while he finished saying hello to the other two. I felt a strange, nervous giddiness at seeing him. The last time we'd really spoken to each other had been at my wedding. That had been awkward too, as I recalled. Wasn't it always that way with people you'd once been intimate with? We had never slept together, and we'd never actually been in a relationship, but I had had his dick in my mouth on a couple of occasions. That definitely made things weird forever after.

Plus, before he’d left The Sky Launch, he pronounced that he had feelings for me. By then I was in so far over my head with Hudson I could barely breathe.

Poor David hadn't stood a chance.

We had parted as friends, the kind that politely say they’ll always be there for each other, but only see one another once in six years. So I felt out of my groove, wondering if we'd pick up where we left off, two people who'd worked well together and gotten along great, or if too much time had passed for that.

"Laynie," was all he said when he stepped away from Gwen and addressed me.

"Hi," I said brushing a piece of hair behind my ear that didn't need smoothing.

We both moved then to give each other a hug, clumsily leaning the same direction, then ungracefully going the other direction at the same time. Finally we worked it out, and I found myself in David's big bear hug of an embrace.

He'd always been a good hugger—I remembered that now. And it always felt good to get a hug from someone you thought fondly of.

I especially found enjoyment knowing that Hudson would be pissed off. He'd always been jealous of David—ridiculously so—and after the shitty way he’d treated me that morning, he deserved this embrace.

Though, I did feel differently when I imagined Hudson hugging Celia. Enough differently that I was the one to end the embrace with David.

"What are you —?” I started to say, but he spoke at the same time. "I thought you were on maternity leave."

"I am.” I corrected myself. “I was.” Wasn’t I? Because there I was at The Sky Launch, none of my plans to expand a secret. "I don't know anymore."

I felt mildly ashamed that he'd kept up on my life better than I'd kept up on his. But I’d had three kids, and he was still single and carefree. Probably.

David grimaced at my confusing response. "Hudson doesn't want you working, or what?"

Something else I had forgotten, how suspicious David had always been of the way Hudson treated me. It was unfair, but it also wasn’t anything I felt this was the time to get into. I ran my hand through my hair, trying to think of the best way to respond.

"He… actually..." I'd only come into The Sky Launch today because of Hudson. But even though I was pouting and hiding out here for the day, I did want to get back onto the investigation, wanted to see the threats end before I truly came back to work. I wouldn’t be able to focus on my job otherwise. "It's complicated," I finally said. "But what about you? Are you here for the job fair?"

He smoothed his jacket. "Can you think of any other reason I would be in a suit?"

"What about Adora?" If he was leaving Hudson's Atlantic City nightclub, I wondered if he'd told Hudson yet.

David gave me a funny look. "You don't know about the closing?"

I thought back to any conversations I’d had recently with my husband about his satellite businesses. There weren’t many. It wasn’t a piece of his company that he dealt with frequently enough to ask my advice over the dinner table. Although perhaps there had been a passing mention.

"I think I heard something about remodeling. Are you saying the club closed for good?" Maybe they were doing a more drastic overhaul than I'd originally been aware of.

"All I know is I no longer have a job," David said with a shrug.

A new wave of frustration rolled through me. "Oh my god, Hudson. Did he even consider that people would be out of a job when he decided to remodel?" The question was more to myself than for anyone else. He should have known better. "You want me to talk to him?"

"No, please don't." David stuck his hands in his pockets and rolled back on the heels of his feet. "Nightlife there isn't like it is here anyway. It's a dead zone. Atlantic City is not the place it used to be. I want to get back to the real city. I want my old life back."

An idea struck, and I reached out to grab Gwen's hand and tug her closer to us, pulling her into the conversation.

"I know! You should come back here! Don't you think, Gwen? It would be perfect to have another experienced manager like David when we get the expansion going." I turned to David. "Would that be weird? Being back here. Working under me."

David smirked. "I think I quite enjoy working under you, Laynie."

I rolled my eyes, but chuckled. I'd forgotten he was a guy with a twelve-year-old's sense of humor.

Gwen, however, frowned at the joke. She was such a prude—not like Leisl, who had returned to polishing glassware before the evening’s service began. No wonder the most exciting part of Gwen’s sex party was the cleanup.

"I'll put in my resume," he said. "But tell me about this expansion. Is The Sky Launch opening another location?"

I opened my mouth to start telling him about my idea when I remembered that I had my laptop up in the office. "Let me show you! I have a PowerPoint presentation upstairs. Do you have the time?"

He laughed, shaking his head. "A PowerPoint presentation. Course you do. And, yeah. I have a little time."

"I'm coming with," Gwen announced then stared at Leisl until she looked up.

It took Liesl a few minutes to realize that there had to be a manager still on the floor. And that she was bottom of the totem pole when it came to seniority. "Oh. I'll stay and keep doing my job. Enjoy your PowerPoint."

"Thank you, Liesl," Gwen said, leading the way to the office.

I turned to follow, but first lifted my head up to the bubble room where my bodyguard of the day was camped out. I gave him a wave and pointed up with my thumb so he knew where I was headed. He nodded in return.

"Hudson still has bodyguards on you, does he?" David asked as we headed up the stairs to the manager's office.

Still had bodyguards. The last time I'd had them had been because of Celia. Then I’d gone years without them. Now I had them again, so to David it looked like I’d had them forever.

It was easier not to get into it. It was easier just to say, “He’s very protective.”

Because that was true too.





Forty-five minutes later, I'd dazzled David with my presentation. And completely bored Gwen, who had now seen it for the seventh time and likely knew it as well as I did.

I selfishly ignored her yawns and doleful stares in my direction. After my morning, after the reminder from my husband that he always knew best, I needed a little pick-me-up. David's praise hit the spot. I'd forgotten how supportive he'd always been of me and my ideas. In many ways, David had been a better cheerleader for me in business than Hudson. David was good at what he did, knew how to run a good nightclub and all, but he didn't think outside the box very often, and so any time that I did, he was immediately struck with how brilliant and amazing and innovative the idea was.

Hudson, while always supportive of me, was also smart as hell. Sometimes it felt hard to impress a man who'd already been there and done that. Not that I needed to impress him all the time, but occasionally was nice. But even when I did get his praise, it was hard not to worry that he was also judging my ideas, critiquing them, coming up with a better plan that he was kind enough not to lord over me.

My plans for the expansion definitely excited David.

"This is going to knock every other nightclub off the rails," he said. "Eighty-eighth Floor is going to immediately try to copy you. You know that, right? And I predict at least three other clubs go out of business within six months. No, not three. Five."

I blushed. "Stop it. You are being way too nice." But I said stop it in that tone that said go on.

Gwen rolled her eyes, and I continued to ignore her.

He did go on. "I'm not kidding. I know you already increased business tenfold when you went to seven days a week. Adding the restaurant and the advance rentals for private, high-end events, was a game changer. There aren't any other clubs in town that even have the equity to do what you're thinking of doing, and by the time they catch up, you’re already on to the next thing. Thumbs up, Laynie. You done good. Proud of you."

If it were possible to go redder, I would have. But I was also proud of me, too. This was exactly what I had hoped I could bring to The Sky Launch all those years ago when I was young and naïve and nervous as hell before my first presentation in this office. And now I’d done it. So I smiled and said, "Thank you."

"Oh, speaking of the expansion," Gwen said suddenly perking up as though she'd been half-asleep. She opened the drawer to her desk and pulled out a single key. "Lee Chong dropped this off so you can go over there any time and do measurements and whatnot for whatever you need to do architecturally. It opens the door in the stairwell that connects to ours. So you don't even have to go outside and around to get in."

I stood up from the sofa where I was sitting with David and crossed over to her to grab it.

"I know what I'm doing this afternoon," I said, slipping it onto my keyring. "After I finish helping you clean up from the job fair, that is." It was the least I could do after all that Gwen had sat through. Seven takes of my presentation was proof she was a great friend, eye-rolls or not.

"Is it really that late? I need to get going." David stood up from the couch and we said our goodbyes. Gwen had worked with him for a just couple of weeks, so it made sense that she only gave him a nod.

Me on the other hand, I let him give me another big, warm embrace. It was selfish of me, and I knew that. But it felt safe there, in his arms, at that moment. It didn't mean that I was attracted to him or that I wanted him in any way—quite the contrary. The interest I had in him even back then had been because he felt safe.

The truth was, I didn't really want safe. Not that kind of safe. I wanted Hudson and everything that went with him.

But for just a moment, it was nice to have a break from it all.

To pretend for just one long moment that there was no one in the world who had ever looked at my daughter with malice, to pretend the expansion was the most important thing in my life.

One calming breath, and it was over.

"Laynie, you can't hire him, you know," Gwen said, the minute David walked out of the room. She said it so quickly, so immediately after he was gone, that I had the sense she'd been waiting to say it the entire time he’d been there.

"Why not? I know Hudson transferred him in the first place because he was jealous, but that was before we were married. Surely he understands he's got the girl now."

Gwen gaped. "You seriously don't know? David was fired from Adora because of the sexual harassment scandal. The whole remodel thing is a total cover-up."

Now I was the one gaping. "How do you know that?" It was the first I was hearing of it, which meant it had to be a mistake.

Except, Gwen had a reliable source. "Chandler told me."

"Oh my god." Every bit of relaxation and ease from the last hour evaporated in the blink of an eye. So much for finding safe harbor in a hug.

"Oh my god," I said again. My blood was boiling. "And Hudson didn't tell me?" I was so mad I could punch something. Punch someone. A particular someone. "Jesus Christ, I can't even believe him. Was he afraid that was going to break me too?"

Add this to the list of reasons my husband was not sleeping with me tonight.

"That really sucks he didn't tell you…" Gwen said carefully. "You don't have any reaction to the harassment accusation, though?"

Oh. That.

My initial fury at being left out, again, whooshed out of me in a rush. I sank back down on the couch and pressed my head into the back cushion.

"You know what I kept thinking while David was here?” I asked after a moment of considering. “Why can't Hudson's people from the past be as easy to deal with as the people from mine? That was a real naïve thing to be thinking, I guess." I sighed, trying to decide if I wanted details.

I didn't. It was one too many scandals for me to think about.

"I assume that if Pierce Industries went to this much trouble to fire David and come up with a remodeling cover-up, then they have received verifiable complaints from employees, and that it's not just some rumors." I glanced at Gwen for confirmation.

She leaned across the desk and propped her chin up in her hands, her elbows resting on the surface of the desk. "I don’t know all the specifics, but I know it was several women that filed the complaints. It wasn't against just David—there were several managers involved in the accusations. Now, I don't know how credible they are…"

I looked her in the eye. "If a woman feels harassed, she's been harassed." I sighed again. "Poor Hudson. What a mess.”

I tried to think about the David I had worked with, the David I'd had a personal relationship with, tried to imagine him in light of these new allegations. The guy who’d given me my first managerial position, along with a shot of tequila. If I imagined Mina in my own place, how did I want her to be treated in her place of employment?

And then I had to admit that I knew things were off.

"David was often inappropriate. He was my boss, and he and I engaged in the exchange of sexual favors on the premises. During business hours. And I encouraged it."

She scowled at me. "That sounds like you making excuses for him."

"I’m not. I'm not defending him at all. I'm just owning my part of what happened between us. He would make jokes in poor taste. I laughed at them because I thought they were his way of flirting, and I wanted him to be flirting with me."

It was so strange how I could remember so vividly wanting that, but couldn't summon up a single ounce of the feeling of wanting him anymore.

"I don't know what he would have done if I hadn't returned his advances like I did." Although I could guess, based on how he’d reacted when I chose Hudson. He would have been upset, pouted. He would have made work uncomfortable and tedious until I eventually either gave in or quit.

That wasn’t right. That wasn’t fair. That was harassment.

"Did you like him, then?" Gwen asked, puzzled. "When I met you, you definitely didn't."

"I thought I should like him. If that makes sense. I was looking for a guy that I wasn't really into. I was too afraid if I was into someone, I'd get crazy over him."

She grinned. "How did that work out for you?"

I couldn't help but return the smile. "Hudson definitely makes me crazy."

And I didn't want it any other way.

We went downstairs then and helped get the club turned over from the job fair back to a dance floor. It was after five by that time. I knew Hudson would be back at the penthouse soon. I knew I should be going home too. We were going to need to have a very long talk about today, about the state of us. I was as confident as ever in our love. My faith in our communication, though, had been shaken one too many times lately.

But I really did want to check out the space next door for a while first, so the next time we went up the back stairs, I split off down the hallway to the private door that entered into Lee Chong’s space.

It was quiet inside, and dark. I’d left my phone in the office so it took a bit of fumbling around before I found a switch to turn on some lights. A few bulbs immediately blew, the place having sat unused for so long. As soon as the room was dimly lit, I heard a noise behind me, a quick shuffling that made me nervous about mice. Or rats. The scourge of New York.

But then the shuffling sounded more like footsteps, and I walked back toward the door I'd come in, wondering if I was hearing someone in the hall outside.

Before I got to the door, another clip of footsteps made me realize I truly wasn't alone.

My heart sped up to twice its normal rate, and I began sweating profusely. I was sure I was being paranoid, but I was also creeped the fuck out. I took another cautious step toward the door, away from the sounds in the shadows, whispering curse words to myself the entire time, and wishing I had my phone.

Suddenly, a form stepped out in front of me, making me jump at least two feet in the air.

I let out a huge sigh of relief. "Oh, it's you."

That was the last thought I remembered having before the world went black.





18





Hudson





She was punishing me.

I deserved it, I knew I did, but this—not responding to my texts, not coming home at a decent hour—this was especially egregious. It was past eight. I'd already tucked the kids into bed; the nanny was waiting for my cue to send her home.

And I would, as soon as I felt less anxious about where the hell my wife was.

The day at Celia's hotel room had been fairly productive in the end. We'd gone through almost all of the journals and made significant notes. Luckily, before Alayna had left, she shared the spreadsheet she'd made with me so that I could still continue entering the information as we gathered it even after she left. Celia and I could've probably made it through the rest of the work left to be done in another couple of hours, but I hadn't wanted to stay any longer than I already had.

Like the slow descent of a fever, my guilt and shame at the way I’d treated my wife—whether in the hopes of protecting her or not—became too distracting for me to continue staring into the abyss of my past without letting the present bleed into it.

I needed to be home to work things out with Alayna.

As important as nailing down the source of this threat was, it was equally important that she and I remain a team. I wasn’t sure one could happen without the other. So I'd left Celia's a little before five, intending to spend the evening making things right with my wife.

And now she was the one who wasn't home.

She was definitely punishing me.

But I couldn't ignore the gripping panic that maybe it was something more. Surely it was paranoia, anxiety created from this looming danger. But it was cold and real and it wouldn't let go. This sickening, vivid fear that she wasn't home because she couldn't be.

I texted her again. In all caps so she knew I was serious.

ALAYNA. CALL ME NOW.

I stared at the screen of my phone, waiting for the bubbles to indicate she was responding, not even with a fuck off. I would take a fuck off right now just fine.

Three minutes passed. Five.

Nothing.

I was hovering. I didn't want to hover. She hated it when I hovered. Wasn’t that half the reason she was mad right now? Because I tried to ease situations for her that I knew she was strong enough to handle, but why should she when she didn't have to? If I'd stayed out of it, never contacted Celia about the engagement party, Alayna would have been uncomfortable when we went, but she would've survived. She would've survived beautifully, with her head held high.

And if she’d needed a day or two in bed, upset and processing and obsessively looking through pictures of the event on social media, what would that have mattered?

I trusted her to come back to me when she was through her anxiety.

Maybe that was the key. Maybe she wasn't punishing me—but rather, was testing me. Seeing if I was capable of actually letting her go to work and not interfering. Not showing up, cold and demanding, when she lost track of time.

Because in truth, I was the one who wasn't strong enough.

For all that I blamed her for giving in to her overactive mind, I was the one who worried too much. Who was overprotective. Who couldn't handle the thought of her suffering, even only slightly. She was the one who alerted me to possibilities, her mind skittering from one thing to the next even as she stayed my rock.

The truth was, without me, Alayna was still brilliant and clever and lovely and big-hearted and enough. But without her, I was nothing.

"Mr. Pierce," Payton disrupted my musings, standing in the doorway of my office.

She had caught me standing, staring at my phone, likely looking like the idiot that I was. I shook it off and rubbed my fingers across my forehead.

"Yes, Payton. You want to go home." I needed to send her away. Send her and prove that I was not the one prone to overreacting.

But what if…

"I'm sorry. Do you mind staying for another couple of hours or so? I may need to run out, and I haven't managed to get a hold of Alayna to see when she'll be home. I’ll pay you time and a half for the inconvenience."

She smiled. "No problem. Can I grab something off of Mrs. Pierce's shelves to read again? I finished Madame Bovary and I’m having a total book hangover."

"Certainly," I answered, half listening to the nonsense words she was stringing together. "Oh, and of course I don't mind if you turn on Netflix in the guest room either."

I was pretty sure that's really what she did when she said she was reading anyway. Might as well give her permission.

"Thanks, Mr. Pierce," she said, her cheeks pinking. A sure giveaway that I'd been right. But she swiped another book off the shelf before hurrying out of the room and down to the nanny's quarters. Perhaps two things could be right at the same time.

Alayna still hadn't answered my text. I considered putting my phone down and walking away from it, but I'd already kept the nanny. I'd already failed the test, if there was one.

But if indeed, it was a test, it existed for her too. If I trusted her to stay late at work, I also didn’t trust whatever forces were working against us. And she knew that. She knew I would keep trying if she didn’t respond to me. She knew I would go around her. She hated it when I did that.

On one occasion, she’d said, “My employees need to see me as a boss, not as someone’s little lady.”

I’d told her that she was someone’s little lady, and that it would do her employees well to remember that everyone was responsible to someone else.

She’d smacked me, before laughing hard and kissing me.

The memory absolved my guilt for what I was about to do.

I hit the button that speed-dialed The Sky Launch. The number I used went straight to the office. Penny answered, one of the newer managers who had come on board since Alayna's bedrest. I didn't know her very well except for what had shown up on her background report. I'd run one after Gwen had hired her, wanting to double check that she wasn't some petty crook or a con artist. The report had come back clean.

I really did have have a problem with overstepping.

"Hello, this is Hudson Pierce. I'm looking for my wife. She's not answering her phone, and I wanted to check in on her."

"Oh, how sweet."

It wasn't sweet, it was pathetic. And maddening. It was too soon to understand how the father of a teenager must feel. The fearful protection, the loving panic.

"But she isn’t here," Penny said next.

Finally. She was on her way home. "Can you tell me what time she left? So I can know when to expect her."

"I haven't seen her all night. And my shift started at six. Perhaps you’re incorrect?"

Ice cold fear ran down my spine.

"No, Penny, she was there. You're sure you haven’t seen her at all?" My mind was already running wild with the implications of what she’d said.

"I'm sure," Penny said, apologetically. "Would you like me to take a message in case she shows up?"

"No. Thank you." I was already onto my next move. In fact, I didn't even say goodbye before hanging up. I logged into the app where Jordan shared all the information relevant to our security, including the schedule of the bodyguards and each of their contact information. I should have done this first, perhaps, but a call from me directly seemed less intrusive than an interruption from an armed man in black.

According to today’s schedule, a man named Alan Dawes had been assigned to her. I called him directly.

"Where are you?" I asked sharply when he answered.

"Same place I've been all day, Mr. Pierce. Sitting in one of those weird circle rooms at the club. Your wife, I must say, is a workaholic. She hasn't left the manager’s office all afternoon."

Hadn't left the managers office? So help me, if Alayna had told Penny to say that she wasn't there to teach me some sort of lesson… "Do me a favor, Dawes—go up there and check, can you? I called the office directly, and was told she wasn't there."

"Sure thing, boss. But I'm telling you, I've had my eyes on that stairway door all day, and she hasn't come down. I haven’t even gone to the bathroom. There’s no way she snuck by me."

That made me feel better, marginally.

"Then she'll be up there," I said, more for myself than him. "And when you find her, make sure she calls me immediately." So I could wring her neck.

I wasn't even going to consider what it meant if he didn't find her.

When neither Alayna or Dawes had called within ten minutes, though, I knew there was trouble. I texted Jordan, told him to put a trace on her phone. He texted back two minutes later.

Her phone’s at the club. What's up?

I was starting to type a reply when my phone rang. Dawes. Not the one of the two that I'd wanted to hear from. Not the one that would relieve me of this worry. I silently prayed that Alayna was being stubborn, sending me a message through my hired hand, and pressed Accept.

"I swear she didn't leave. Her things are still in the office, and even if she decided to go out of the fire well, we have a guy watching the door outside, and he hasn't seen her either. He hasn’t left his station even once, he said. You can have Jordan verify, we all stay logged into this GPS app on our smart-watches..." He was talking a million miles a minute, so fast I could hear him sweat through the receiver. I tuned out of his babbling.

Only one piece of information was relevant—he couldn't find her.

"Obviously one of you fell asleep on the job," I roared. "Who was she working with last?"

"Gwen Bruzzo. The blonde."

At least Dawes was sharp enough to know that. "Keep looking for her. If you're so goddamned sure she didn't slip out, than she’s got to be somewhere in the building." I clicked End and immediately called Gwen.

“Alayna hasn't come home, and I can’t get ahold of her."

"And you've tried The Sky Launch?" She knew there was reason to be worried, it was in her tone.

"Of course I tried the club first. Her things are still there, but she's not. You know she goes nowhere without her phone, in case something happens with the kids. Was she there when you left? Did she say anything about going anywhere?" I tried consciously not to sound as frantic as I felt, but I was sure I failed.

I was frantic. I was finally starting to understand how Alayna felt.

"Oh!" Gwen exclaimed. "Lee Chong gave her a key to next door! She went over there to measure and visualize and scope out the space again. She was still there when I left. I'm sure that's where she is now. Probably lost track of time. You know how she gets."

Thank God.

Relief poured over me like a hot shower.

"Yes. I'm sure you're right. I do know how she gets. Thank you for telling me."

I was still shaking when I hung up the phone. I leaned across my desk, both palms flat on it to hold me up, and took a couple of deep breaths to calm my heart. Of course that's where she was. I knew I was being paranoid.

She was Alayna. Passionate, eager, focused. Obsessive. All the things I loved.

And why wouldn't she lose track of time? I myself had told her to go fixate on her new project, pushed her there. I'd been such an ass, and there she was, an angel, doing exactly what I told her to.

I had to make it up to her.

I stopped in and told Payton I was leaving, then grabbed my keys and went down to the garage, not bothering to call for a driver. I was eager to get where I was going and didn’t want to wait for him to arrive. On my way to The Sky Launch, I stopped at a small grocery store that I knew usually carried Alayna’s favorite flowers—alstroemerias. She always said you had to love the way they lasted so long, a full week. Sometimes two. They were the kind of flower that knew how to survive, and she found that to be one of the things that made them so beautiful.

It was how I felt about Alayna—her ability to survive was one of the things that made her so beautiful.

The store did have some fresh bouquets, and I grabbed the best of the bunch of the tiny flowers and continued on my way to the club. From the time I'd parked, got inside and started up the backstairs, I had planned a whole scenario in my mind. First I would surprise her. Apologize. Grovel. And since the event space was empty and there weren’t cameras over there, perhaps my groveling would take a physical form.

I hated fighting with Alayna. But I did love making up.

The stairwell leading up to the manager's office was not the main stairway for the club. It was generally only used by the staff, though, when the club closed and people were trying to exit quickly, patrons would often use them to exit onto the street. Those were the only places that the stairs led—to the administrative offices, which were located on the hallway on the second floor, to the club on the first level, and to the street.

The only other place you could get from the stairs, was to one back door entrance to Lee Chong's event space. The locked door looked almost like a closet at the end of the hallway, and to the best of my knowledge, it only existed to meet fire codes, offering another way for people using that part of the building to exit, if needed.

It was convenient, actually, for Alayna and her plans, that the door existed. It was one less thing that would have to be added during renovations when she truly got her project underway. She would be able to oversee work without having to go far from the office and give workmen unobtrusive access to the alley so as not to disrupt business as usual.

The door was ajar when I got there, which was fortunate, because there was no other way I would be able to get in if it hadn't been open. Though I did swallow back the urge to be irritated at her carelessness. If I could walk in so easily, so could any other patron who decided to wander past the administrator offices.

But I hadn't come to reprimand. Quite the opposite.

I pushed the door open farther, and stepped inside. I remembered to shut it behind me before looking for her. The lights were on, if dimly so, so the rest would be easy, but the space took up three floors. She could be anywhere.

I debated between searching silently and calling out for her, finally deciding on the latter so as not to startle her.

"Alayna?" My voice echoed through the large empty room, sounding back at me with hollow vibration.

She didn't answer.

I scanned the room, my eyes settling on the upright piano near where I’d come in. There were two shot glasses on top of it. I crossed over to them, picked one up and sniffed. It smelled like tequila, Alayna's liquor of choice.

But it wasn't like her to take shots while she was working, not since the first time I'd seen her on the job so many years ago, anyway. But that had been a special occasion. The celebration of her graduation.

I called out her name again, then listened carefully. The lights that were on didn't illuminate the entire space—just the edge of the first level. It was possible that I couldn't see her in the dark shadows. But maybe I could hear her. I told myself again, not to be irritated. Maybe she wasn’t ready to talk just because I was. That didn’t change the fact that we needed to.

After listening for several seconds, I actually did hear something—a flapping sound, like one object tapping against another.

I followed the noise across the room to the opposite side of the space and found a service door, this one completely open, lightly banging against the side of the building from the wind.

My heart fell into my stomach as I crossed the threshold and stood outside in the night. I looked down the side of the building in both directions. Sure enough, the space was completely out of sightline from any of the cameras or guards that I had stationed on The Sky Launch. This door was completely unseen by any of my men. By anyone at all.

"Fuck!" I took the bouquet of alstroemerias and banged it against the side of the open door with all my strength. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"

The flowers were battered and destroyed when I was done with them.

Throwing the ruined bouquet to the ground, I quickly ran back through Chong's area toward the offices. Whoever had come in, whoever had followed Alayna into the event space, had to have entered through The Sky Launch. I went straight to the security room, where the cameras fed footage to the televisions, and was surprised to find, not only Alan Dawes, but Jordan already there reviewing the tapes.

"When you didn't respond to my text," Jordan said, "I contacted Dawes to see what was going on with Alayna. He filled me in. We are currently looking at that stairwell to see if she somehow slipped out without us noticing."

I quickly updated them with what little information I had—what Gwen had told me, what I'd seen in the space next door. Jordan sent Dawes to go look through Chong’s property, in case I'd missed something, in case she was somewhere on the third floor and hadn't heard me calling out for her.

I knew that she wasn’t, but he wasn't doing any good standing behind Jordan looking at a TV screen.

Jordan changed his search from the back stairwell to the front doors, hoping to find someone suspicious or someone we recognize as a suspect enter.

I watched over his shoulder while I called everyone we knew—my sister, Alayna's brother Brian, Chandler, even my mother. No one had seen her. No one had heard from her. Each no made my stomach drop a little further, made my mouth a little drier, made the sweat on my brow increase.

One thought echoed through my head, over and over, on a loop—I didn’t protect her.

I’d failed to keep her safe.

Penny, the manager on duty, came in to see if she could help and stayed to be another eye on the videotapes.

"Anything?" I asked after I ran through my entire contact list.

Jordan was stoic with his rundown. "We aren't having any real success. It’s damn near impossible to collect data with this many people—looking at the cameras and matching ID records. If it were a normal business day, this would be a different story."

"What do you mean, a normal business day?" I asked Jordan.

"The job fair. The place was chaotic." he answered.

"Record attendance," Penny said cheerfully, not seeming to understand what that was the last thing I wanted to hear. “Quite a coup. All our hard work paid off.”

"Who the fuck authorized a job fair on the premises?" I shouted, nearly ready to tear my hair out.

Penny swallowed visibly, finally starting to notice I wasn’t as excited as she was about the increased presence in the club today.

"Alayna did, sir. Months ago."

"We talked about it last week, or the security team did," Jordan said. "She hadn't planned to be in attendance, so we didn't make any adjustments to how to handle the day."

My legs suddenly felt like they couldn't hold me up anymore. I backed up against the wall, hoping it would keep me from falling to the ground.

She wasn't supposed to be in attendance.

Of course she wasn't. She wasn't back at work yet, not officially. She'd only come in because I'd sent her. I’d pushed her into danger with my harsh words, and my shame over the journals. This was my fault. All of it, my fault.

Jordan spun around on the rolling office chair to face me.

"When do you want to call the police?" He was earnest, but on task. Thank God I could trust him to keep his head about him in a crisis.

I ran my hand through my hair and closed my eyes tight. I didn't want to make the wrong choice. It was almost ten-thirty. She'd been missing, by my count, for almost five hours. If the police even took me seriously at this point, with such relatively little time having passed, it would only be because I had my name and my money behind me.

It was a big if.

And did I want to spend the rest of the night trying to convince them to look into this when I could be scouring the city? Was sitting in a station where my time was best spent?

"Not yet," I answered, hoping it wasn't the wrong answer. "They won't let me help. This whole thing is about me. This is personal. Whoever did this wants to hurt me for something I did in the past. I’ll figure it out faster without being babysat by some smug detective who will just want to ask questions like whether she was having an affair."

Any good detective would want to focus on the fact that we had a fight the last time we'd seen each other too.

The thought of that made me want to throw up. What if those were the last words that…?

I wasn’t going to think it.

But someone with a badge would think all kinds of things, the wrong things.

"I'm going to get my man on these tapes then, an expert in tech who can maybe give us a fuller picture of what’s happening than we can see. We’ll do fingerprints on those shot glasses and a full sweep of the event space, check out where our prime suspects were this afternoon." Jordan had a whole list of marching orders to give to his team.

"Okay. Alright. That's good. That's all good." I pushed away from the wall knowing what I needed to do, my own task separate from Jordan's. "I'm going to go work on this from my end. Text me when you find something."

I sped the entire way to my destination. I parked in a handicapped space, barely even remembering to take my keys with me when I left the car. When I got up to her floor, I didn’t give a single fuck that it was nearly eleven at night, that I might wake up everybody in the building. I hit the buzzer three times, then pounded on the door.

Celia finally opened it, standing there in the same robe she'd been in days before when Alayna had come to tell her off. She was the only person who could help me, the only person who could see what I might have overlooked. And for that, she looked like a goddess waiting to deliver her benevolence.

I pushed inside, grabbing onto her so desperately I almost tipped us both over. "Find her," I begged, my voice raw. "Find my wife."





19





Alayna





The first thing I became aware of again was the spinning of the room.

No, the room wasn’t spinning—I was spinning. Spinning so fast that it made my insides spin too. In my belly, then up through my sternum, up, up…

I was going to vomit.

I sat up a little, because I’d been lying down, and with my hand covering my mouth, I looked for a place to throw up as the saliva filled my mouth and my stomach jumped.

“Here, you can puke in this,” David said, and suddenly there was a small plastic trash bin under my face, just in time to catch the contents of my stomach.

My body shook violently as I retched, over and over. After I’d emptied everything in me, the waves of nausea kept me leaning over the bin. I dry-heaved until my throat was raw, my stomach cramping and clenching.

David held my hair up out of my face the whole time, sweeping away the strands that fell loose while I heaved, and even though I felt like I was on the verge of a seizure, I was conscious enough to think, how nice of him to do this for me. It would suck if he weren’t here. Wherever here was.

Except...

Where was I?

And how did I get here?

Still bent over, I tried to figure out what the last thing I remembered was before this moment. I’d been at The Sky Launch. In the office. With Gwen and David.

No, no. There was more.

I’d gone to the space next door. Lee Chong’s space. I’d heard a noise behind me, and when I turned, there was David. Which was weird because I thought I’d let the door shut behind me. It must not have clicked all the way.

“Oh, it’s you,” I had said then, relieved to see him instead of some creepy stranger. Hudson’s threat from the past was really starting to make me paranoid. “I thought you’d left.”

David had two shot glasses filled with amber liquid in his hands. “I got caught downstairs with old faces,” he’d said. “I thought we should toast to all your success before I left. For old times’ sake.”

I’d thought that was strange. I’d been down there too, cleaning up from the job fair and hadn’t seen him, but I’d been preoccupied, so I supposed it was easy to miss him. What had given me pause me for a moment, though, was what Gwen had told me about his sexual harassment accusations. Should I really be consorting with a man like that?

But people made mistakes.

I knew what David was and who he was. He wouldn’t be inappropriate around me, not any more than I could handle. He was likely trying to make sure I knew he didn’t have any lingering feelings. Or he wanted a chance to clear his name. Both of those were natural impulses. And after the way we’d parted, the way I’d chosen Hudson over him...

I’d met him as a confident man, and left him looking at me like a kicked puppy.

I’d owed him a toast.

But how had a simple round of shots gotten me this hungover, sick as a dog, lying in a strange cot in a strange room, while early morning sun streamed through the single window?

I was sure I could figure it out if my head didn’t feel like someone was using it for a kickdrum.

I sat up a little more, done with the vomiting for now, and propped myself up on my side with my elbow.

Letting go of my hair, David wiped at my mouth with a damp washcloth. “You’re coming out of it now,” he said. He was sitting on the edge of the cot next to me. How long had he—had we—been there? He set the rag over his thigh, and bent to the floor to pick up a water bottle. After unscrewing the cap, he handed it to me. “Here. Drink this. It will help.”

I took the bottle from him and sipped carefully, trying to process his words. All my thoughts were sluggish and incomplete. Why was it so hard to think? A single realization bubbled to the surface.

“You gave me something.”

“Sorry. It was necessary. You wouldn’t have come otherwise. You’re too far under his spell.”

I shifted my eyes to look at his quickly. Too quickly, because there were two of him for a second. When he came into focus, I saw that he was dead serious.

I blinked, forcing my head to clear and scanned the room again. It was small with wood walls, as if we were in a log cabin. My vision went in and out of focus as I observed that the one solid door was shut tight. There wasn’t any furniture except a built-in desk and bookshelf, a canvas stool, and the cot I was sitting on with a single pillow and thin blanket. It was dark except for the bit of light coming in at the window. Branches with full leaves pressed against the glass.

There weren’t trees like that in the city.

Instantly, I broke into a sweat as my heart began to boom against my chestplate. “What are you talking about? What did you do? Where are we?” My voice was shrill and panicked.

In contrast, David was calm. So very calm. He smiled at me warmly. “We’re home, Laynie.”

The hair stood up on my arms, and goosebumps raced across my skin. I wanted to move away, but I was frozen in place, listening to his confusing, strange, dreadful words.

“I bought this place for you. I know it’s not as fancy as the places you’re used to, but we’ll make it ours. I didn’t have time to prepare it properly. I wasn’t expecting to bring you here so soon. But then I saw you yesterday, and when you said you were going next door, away from his prison guards, I had to take the opportunity. I didn’t know if I’d get the chance again.”

This was fucking crazy. I had to be dreaming. David, the guy I’d once thought perhaps I could marry, couldn’t be this crazy.

But even in my worst nightmares, I didn’t feel this pain in my gut, my head.

This was all a misunderstanding. It had to be. I was confused because of whatever drug he’d put in my drink. I wasn’t hearing him right. But why would there be a drug in my drink if I was misunderstanding?

I pressed my free hand to my stomach as another wave of nausea took hold. “What did you give me?”

He brushed a strand of hair behind my ear, gently. Sweetly. “Rohyphnol.”

I fought against the urge to gag. He’d roofied me. He’d fucking roofied me? “Did we…? Did you…?” I did a mental sweep of my body, trying to determine if I’d been violated. Would I know? Would I be able to tell?

“No, no!” He reassured me. “Of course not. I wouldn’t do that to you, Laynie.” He stroked my hair again, almost petting me. “I want you to remember it when we’re finally together.”

Sheer cold terror gathered at the base of my neck and spread down my spine. I couldn’t fight the reflex this time. I dropped the water bottle and bent over the side of the cot and heaved again, my body spasming, trying to rid itself of the toxin by purging an empty stomach.

Again, David held my hair, speaking to me in soft, soothing tones. When I was finished, he used the washcloth to wipe my mouth, holding my head firmly at the base when I tried to pull away.

“Calm down. Don’t fight me. I’m just cleaning you up right now, baby. I know you’re confused and disoriented, but trust me—I’m trying to help you.”

Every word out of his mouth made my skin crawl, made my stomach threaten to attempt another round of throwing up. My eyes were watering and my heart raced so fast, I worried I might go into cardiac arrest. Had the roofie been laced with something else? Cocaine? Meth? If I weren’t so weak, if the room weren’t spinning so fast, I’d try harder to push away. But even if I did have my strength, he was bigger than I was. Stronger than I was by a lot. There was no way to fight him and win.

I had to try another tactic.

I could reason with him. He was being nice. He didn’t want to hurt me, not really. Or he would have hurt me already.

Sitting up again, I focused as well as I could on his face. “Thank you. For helping me. But we’re not going to be together, David.” I spoke as gently as I could, copying his hushed tones. “I’m with Hudson. I’m married to Hudson. Hudson is going to want me back.”

“Shh,” David said, undeterred in his task of washing my face, methodically wiping the cloth in long lines over the corners of my mouth.

He wasn’t listening to me.

Had he ever?

Even back then, when I’d chosen Hudson, had he truly listened?

I put my hand over his, and tried not to cringe. “David, this is serious. You can’t do this. You have to take me back to my family. The police will come looking for me. Hudson is going to come looking for me.”

David took a deep breath in and blew it out slowly, as though trying to keep his temper. “Laynie, we can talk if you feel up to it, but not about Hudson. He’s got you confused. He does that—he tricks people. He’s tricked you into thinking you’re in love with him.”

“I am in love with him,” I said forcefully, as though volume would help.

David reached for something at his back and swiftly whipped out a handgun.

I shrieked, instinctually moving away from him, but he grabbed me by the hair, pulling hard, and put the muzzle of the weapon at my throat.

“I didn’t want to use this, but I knew you might not be cooperative,” he said, the tenderness gone from his voice. “It’s the spell he has on you. Like I said, you only think you’re in love with him. It’s going to take time to get over that, I know, and it might even hurt a little going through the process, but I’ll be here to help you through it. And when we’ve broken his spell, we’ll be able to really start our life together.”

I was too terrified to talk with the gun at my throat. And even if I wasn’t, I had no idea what I’d even say to that. I thought I knew crazy. I thought I was crazy. This was a whole different sort. I took in shallow, tiny breaths, afraid too big of a movement would set him off. Afraid I’d accidentally knock him and his finger would slip on the trigger.

He loosened his rough grip on my hair and cradled my head to his face, his mood turning again. He pressed a firm kiss against my temple.

“I hope you can forgive me for leaving you with him for so long, Laynie. He tricked me too. He made me believe you loved him, like he made you believe it. But then I found out about the tricks he played on people, and I finally got it. It never made sense why you chose him—you weren’t into his type before. He wasn’t right for you. You’re too strong and beautiful to be with someone like that, someone who put you in the shadows. As soon as I realized what he’d done to you, I started working on a plan to get you out of there. It took a long time because I had to get it right. He’s smart. I had to make sure I threw the blame in other places so he wouldn’t know it was me who saved you. That way he can’t find us because he’ll be looking in the wrong place.”

The entirety of the situation began to sink in, pieces clicking into place.

“You sent the letters,” I said before I’d even made the conscious decision to speak. I hadn’t put it together, my head too dazed to realize it was connected.

“I did!” he exclaimed proudly. “You never guessed, did you?”

I shook my head slightly, trying not to set off another round of pain.

He must not have noticed because he asked again, sharply this time. “Did you?”

“No,” I whimpered. I really hadn’t. He hadn’t even been on our radar as a suspect. “I didn’t guess it was you.”

It still didn’t make sense—how had he found out about Hudson’s past? The details he’d used in the letters were vague, but I’d been at Celia’s long enough, listening to her talk with my husband, to realize there were some firm facts wrapped up in the threats.

“I was good. I was patient. I wanted to do it right for you.” He kissed my temple again, stroking my hair like a treasured possession.

I dropped my head, the adrenaline and confusion finally running out, leaving me with nothing but fear. Bone-chilling, teeth-chattering fear. What if he’d been too good? What if Hudson couldn’t figure out who had me?

What if he didn’t find me? What if he didn’t know where to look?

What if there was finally something he couldn’t fix?

David lifted my chin up with the muzzle of the gun. “Say thank you, Laynie,” he said sternly, the same authoritative way I reminded Mina.

“Say thank you!” he shouted when I hadn’t responded fast enough.

“Thank you,” I choked out.

“Good girl. Such a good girl. You were always such a good girl,” he nuzzled his nose through my hair as he praised me.

I started to cry.

Honestly, I didn’t know how I’d held it in that long. I’d been teary, but now I was really crying. The full force of the situation had set in, and the enormity threatened to drown me. I was shaking as violently with sobs as I had from retching earlier.

With the gun still in his hand, he twisted my face so he could look in my eyes. “What’s wrong, honey? Is it your stomach still? Does your head hurt?”

“My babies,” I said, not sure if he could understand me, my voice came out so strangled. “My babies, David. I have babies.”

“Oh, no, no. I was never going to hurt them. I only said that to confuse Hudson. And to scare him. I’m sorry it scared you too.”

I grabbed onto his shirt, tugging at it, trying to make him see. “I can’t leave them. They need me. They need their mother.”

His face softened, compassion etched deep in his features.

“Oh, baby,” he said, stroking my hair with the gun. “I’m so sorry for that. I wish we could take them with us because I know it would make you feel better, but... they’re his kids too. Even if I thought we could somehow get them away from him, which I don’t believe we can—you know how tight a hold he keeps on his possessions—we can’t have any part of him with us. I can’t allow that. He’s too toxic. Even his DNA is toxic.”

My chest shook with shallow breaths. I couldn’t get enough air, couldn’t bring it in deep enough to reach my lungs. I was on the verge of hyperventilating. Tears streamed down my face. Every new thing he was saying, every crazy new thing made me feel more desolate. More terrified. More out of control.

Was this really happening? How could this nightmare be my life?

David brought his hand to my cheek to swipe my tears with the pad of his thumb, the gun so close to my eye as he did that I inhaled with an audible whimper.

“I know it hurts to be without your children at this moment. But we’re together now. You’ll get over them. We just have to get them out of your system. We have to get Hudson out of your system, like the rohyphnol. It needs time.”

His compassion was waning. His tone was more stern. More rigid.

“But I’m going to help you,” he promised. “Every step of the way. I’ll help you forget about him.” He cradled my face with both hands, as well as he could with a weapon in the grip of one of his fists. “Oh, Laynie. I’ve waited so long to be with you again.”

I knew what he was going to do, and still I didn’t want to believe it. Because if he did this, it would only be the beginning. He would want more. He would do more.

But as much as I tried to ignore it away, it was happening—he leaned down and covered my mouth with his.

I tried to pull away, but he held me more tightly in place.

I pressed my lips firmly together, but he kept roughly working at them.

When I finally let out a cry, begging him to stop, he stuck his tongue forcefully inside.The more I squirmed, the more aggressive his kiss got, the deeper he stroked his tongue, defiling every square inch of my mouth.

I was quivering when he finally broke away, on the verge of vomiting again, too scared to even do that involuntary action for fear he’d get mad with the gun still in his hand.

He held me tight against him, nestling my head under his chin.

“I’ve missed your mouth so much,” he whispered, poisonous lust dripping in his words. “I’ve never forgotten what it feels like to have your mouth on me. You were so good at taking my cock all the way down your throat. It’s going to feel so good when you do that again.”

“I can’t! I can’t!” I shook my head vehemently against his chest. I’d choke if he brought his thing anywhere around me. I’d die. I couldn’t do it. I wouldn’t.

My neck suddenly jerked back as David sharply pulled a fistful of my hair, much harder than he had the first time.

“Ow! You’re hurting me!” I clawed at his hand, but then the gun was back in my face, and I froze.

He raised up with one knee on the cot so he was hovering over me. “He’s convinced you you’re a princess now Alayna, hasn’t he? That you’re too good for sucking cock? Well, you’re not. Do you hear me? You’re still Laynie from the bar. You’re not too good for having it down your throat or in any other hole I think you should take it in, you got that?”

I’d delayed answering before, and he was more mad this time than he’d been. More unpredictable. Fighting him wasn’t possible, begging hadn’t worked, crying had no effect on him.

I had to say what he wanted to hear. It was my only choice.

“I get it. I do. I understand.” I felt the grip on my hair loosen slightly and took that as a sign to continue. “I didn’t mean that I was too good for…” I couldn’t say it. “I meant…” I thought quickly. “I’m too sick. The drug is still in my system, like you said. And I want to be completely well when we’re… when we’re... together.”

He studied me as though not sure he was convinced, then suddenly he broke into a smile. “My good, good Laynie.” He sighed, releasing my hair and returning to the petting from before. “I’m so happy to hear this is as important to you as it is to me. You’re already getting over Hudson.”

I nodded, but he was wrong.

I’d never be over Hudson.

And I was getting out of there. To be with my husband where I belonged.

At this rate, though, the way David was moving, and if the thick bulge in his pants was any indication, I was going to be forced to suck him off—or worse—before I got the chance.

Unless I made my own chance.

Cautiously, I forced myself to put my hand on his chest. I couldn’t bring myself to caress him the way I knew I needed to in order to make it truly convincing, but I managed to pat him a few times. “David,” I said, making my voice light and amiable. “David, it is important to me. Us being together. I didn’t realize you’d worked so hard for me. I want to make it special. I want to...clean up for you. Get pretty. Um. Shave. And...uh…do my hair up.” I was improving. I had only a semblance of a plan, but I didn’t have time to scheme.

His lips hovered over mine. “Don’t you know? You don’t need to do any of that for me, Laynie.” He pressed forward, about to kiss me again.

I pushed back on his chest as his mouth brushed over mine. “But I need to! I need to wash Hudson from my body. Like you said. He’s toxic. I need to get him off my skin.”

I hated myself. Hated every word I said. It was almost as terrible to say them as it was to imagine what could happen to me for not saying them.

Almost.

I somehow managed not to flinch as David nibbled on my bottom lip. “Okay,” he said, then kissed me anyway, like he couldn’t resist himself. He prodded my tongue with his until I moved it, and he could suck it in between his lips with a moan.

My ploy hadn’t worked. He was getting more invasive, more predatory. Another wave of sickening panic washed over me. If I threw up now, would he back off, or shoot me?

But then he broke away. “Okay. Washing Hudson off of you. That’s smart. That’s just like you. Always thinking.” His gaze drew down my body lasciviously. With a groan, he stood up, adjusting himself with one hand, tucking the gun under his belt with the other.

My entire body sighed with relief.

David glanced around the empty room. “I don’t have much here. I didn’t have time to prepare for you.”

That was my opportunity. “I know! You had to take me when you could. That’s fine. But maybe we could go to the store. Just to pick up a few things.” I held my breath and prayed.

He moved his head back and forth, seemingly torn. “I wish we could, Laynie. You can’t go anywhere though. Not in public. People are going to be looking for you. Remember?”

“I’ll be careful. I could wear a disguise.” He continued to shake his head. “Did you drive far enough from the city? We have to be in the middle of nowhere, right? No one is going to pay attention to the news out here. Not city news.”

I was reaching. Grasping at straws.

“Laynie,” the stern voice was back. “Something you need to learn now is that when I say no, you don’t argue with me. That’s another bad habit you’ve gotten into. Hudson must have let you walk all over him. With me, though, I’m the boss, and I don’t want to remind you of that over and over.”

“Okay,” I said quietly. Deflated. “I’m sorry,” I added, afraid he’d pull out the gun again.

“It’s all right. This time. It’s only your first day back with me, and you’ve been gone a long time. I understand you’re a bit disoriented.”

Disoriented, yes. Defeated, no.

I tried another angle. “Then can you go? I could give you a list.” Maybe I could figure a way out while he was gone. Another idea hit me. “I could type it into your phone!”

He bent down. “You know I can’t give you my phone, sweetheart. There’s no signal up here, anyway. But I can get you a pen and paper. I do have that.”

Then back to escaping while he was gone. I didn’t know where we were, and I didn’t have my cell, so it was going to be tricky. From the birds chirping outside, the trees I could see through the window, and the lack of traffic sounds, I had a feeling we were somewhere in the woods. Getting lost in the middle of the wilderness wasn’t the best of options, but anything was better than staying with David.

He walked over to the built-in desk and opened a couple of drawers, until he’d found a notepad and something to write with.

I threw my feet over the side of the cot and sat up all the way, resisting the urge to run or attack him while his back was turned. He’d move faster than I could, I told myself. And he had the gun. I’d wait until he left.

“It’s a bit of a trip to town,” he said when he handed me the items. “Will you be okay without me? Being sick and all?”

The pen could be a weapon, I thought as I took it from him. “Yes. I’m a bit better now. Thinking about us being together has me feeling better. All I need is some food, I think. It should settle my stomach.”

“That’s fantastic.” He rubbed my head again, like I was his dog. “I’m going to have to be with you tonight, and I want you to be able to enjoy it.”

My pen froze in the middle of the word I was writing. His greed was palpable. The way he wanted me, the weight of his lust pressing against me like an avalanche.

It would be fine. I’d be gone when he got back. He wouldn’t get to have me.

Hurriedly, I scrawled out as many items as I could think of, hoping the more that I added, the more time he’d take at the store. Bread, steaks, potatoes, green beans, wine, shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, bobby pins, hairspray, toothbrush, toothpaste, shaving cream. I wasn’t sure I could get away with it, but I also added a couple of items that could potentially be weapons if need be. In case. Razor. Curling iron.

I tore off the sheet to hand to him and suddenly thought of one more item, an item that I hoped to God wouldn’t be necessary. Condoms.

It felt like a betrayal to write it. The opening of a door. Like, by putting the item down, it was inviting it to be used.

I’m sorry, Hudson, I thought, as I handed the list to David. But if it was going to happen, I had to make sure it happened safely.

He scanned the list, and I held my breath, hoping he didn’t call me out for the razor. When he frowned at me, I was already prepared.

“Laynie,” he reprimanded. “You’re being naughty. I can’t buy everything you’ve asked for.”

“That’s okay. I just…” I’d get out while he was gone. I had to.

“I can’t buy the condoms,” he said.

My head jerked up in surprise. “What?”

He bent down in front of me and rubbed his palms along my bare thighs. “I’ve waited too too long to be with you,” he said, staring at my skin as his hands ran back and forth. “I need to feel you bare. There can’t be anything between us anymore. And how will we start our family if I’m wearing a rubber?”

“I… I…” I stammered. I hadn’t thought it could get worse, but he wanted to get me pregnant? God, I was on the pill now, too. I could be fertile after missing only a couple of days.

I didn’t want to think that I’d be there that long.

But...if I was...

I tried another tactic. “I was thinking about protecting you. From Hudson. He’s been inside me. He’s left all that… that toxin inside me. I don’t want to share that with you.”

His palms stilled, his expression turning unreadable. “So smart. I’m sure it won’t take very long before he’s out of you. Maybe with your period. It will clean you all out. When are you due for your next one?”

“In another week.”

He winked. “I’ll add maxipads to the list. I know you might like tampons instead, but from now on nothing goes in your cunt unless I put it in there.”

Gross.

And lewd and wrong and creepy and I was nauseated again and on the verge of a panic attack.

David, on the other hand, had a dazed look on his face, like he was imagining things I didn’t want to know about. Fantasizing. Smiling like a kid on Christmas, he rubbed his finger over my mouth, roughly tracing the line of my lips. “We’re going to have so much fun together, Laynie. So much fun. I can’t wait to show you.”

I couldn’t help it—I shuddered.

His face turned hard and mean, and he rose to his full height then stared down at me.

I frantically started to make up an apology about being cold, about having the chills—I was still sick, and all that. But it wasn’t my reaction that seemed to have him upset, I realized before I started speaking. It was what he was staring at.

I followed his gaze to my hands and realized I’d been playing with my wedding ring set. I did it all the time without noticing, a nervous habit.

I stilled. But it was too late.

“That needs to come off. He gave it to you. It needs to go.” His tone said no arguing. The gun was there too, right at eye level.

“I’m so used to it, though,” I said as casually as I could. “I like the feel of it. We can pretend you gave it to me.”

“I’ll get you a ring. That one needs to go, baby, so you can move on.”

He’d said I needed to obey him. But I was stubborn sometimes. Too stubborn for my own good.

“No. Please.” I couldn’t lose my wedding ring. I couldn’t. It was stupid, I knew that, to risk my life over a symbol, but it was all I had right then. All I had tying me to Hudson and I was sure that if David took it away, I’d lose all hope.

I could almost hear my husband, though, in my head, telling me to be reasonable. Telling me to do what I needed to do to survive. Telling me to come home to him in one piece. To come home to our children.

David went to reach for my hand, and I tried to let him take it, but as he started to tug on my ring set, I pulled it away from him again.

His anger was blazing hot, the heat of it burning me just in the way he stood, the way he stared. “He still has that hold on you,” he said. “I knew it wouldn’t be that easy.”

He turned away and started toward the door, and with him, I felt my chance at freedom slipping through my fingers.

“He doesn’t have a hold on me!” I protested, following after him. “I want to be with you! If you get those things for me, I’ll be able to show you how much I appreciate you. And...and… want you. I’m not thinking straight right now.”

He opened the door and went out, but I had to pause in the door frame, dizziness clouding over me and turning my vision black. When it cleared again, I saw that immediately outside the room were stairs going down. I was in some sort of loft.

I didn’t have a chance to look around more, because then David had returned, pushing at my sternum so that I stumbled backward into the room.

He caught my wrist roughly and dragged me across the room. “I’m still going to the store. You do need to clean yourself up before we’re together. I want you fresh and pure when I make love to you so I’m going to get the things you need to do that. I’ll give you another chance to take off that ring when I get back. If you don’t do it willingly, I’ll cut it off.”

He pushed me down hard to the cot. “I also think you might be trying to trick me.”

I bolted back up. “No, I’m not! I swear.”

He pushed me down again, this time kneeling over me so I couldn’t move. “I’ve decided it’s okay if you are. I know it’s going to take some time before you realize what Hudson has done to you. I know how you can get obsessed with someone. It’s what you do. He used that against you, it wasn’t your fault. But you’ll get over him. And, when you finally do…” He gathered my wrists in both of his fists. “I’ll be able to leave you here without having to do this, but for now, I’m going to have to make it so you can’t run away.”

I had been too focused on his face and what he was doing when he came back to notice the silver roll of tape he was wearing like a bracelet. Holding my hands with one of his, he took the tape and wrapped it around my wrists several times, then cutting the tape with his teeth.

Fuck, fuck. I couldn’t get away if I was bound.

“Please, no! I’ll be good! I’ll take off the rings! Leave me loose! Please!”

But he wasn’t listening. Or at least he wasn’t responding. He put my ankles together—I’d lost my shoes somewhere in the night—and taped them too.

Tugging me up to meet his lips, he kissed me once more, deep and slobbery and possessive, before dropping me on the cot.

Then he took off, shutting the door behind him. I heard a click, and I knew he’d left me bound in a locked loft somewhere that was a bit of a trip to any town.

I was fucked.

I was fucked.

I curled my knees up toward my chest, rolled to my side, and, holding thoughts of Hudson and my babies in my head—my babies!—my Brett, my Holden, my Mina—I cried harder than I had in my entire life.





20





Hudson





Celia and I spent all night around her dining room table re-reading the journals. I read the ones she had gone through before; she read the ones I had gone through. I even used her laptop to access my old digital records from before I started working with her. There was nothing there. Nothing. Or if there was, we were missing it.

Just after six AM, Edward came out from his bedroom, already dressed in a suit and tie. "Any luck?"

He'd addressed the question to his wife, so I let her answer. "No.” She looked genuinely downcast.

She stood to kiss him goodbye, and I couldn’t help but eavesdrop on their intimate moment.

"Please make sure you get some rest today,” he said, softly. “Let Elsa take one of the feedings for you." The concern for his wife was apparent, and I felt a stab of guilt.

"I apologize, Edward, for keeping her up all night. I know how precious sleep is with a little one." I was sincere, even though I simultaneously believed Celia and I deserved to never sleep again, if that was the required payment to get my wife back. I was well aware that every hour that passed increased her chances of suffering something irreversible.

Things I refused to give power to by naming.

Edward Fasbender looked at me with hard, unreadable eyes. "No apology needed. It's understandable. At times we have to push the limits for the ones we love."

"Yes. That." There was nothing I wouldn't do, no length I wouldn't go to in order to get Alayna back, to find who had taken her.

"I wish you the best of luck in your search," he said then went on his way.

When he was gone, Celia said cautiously, "Hudson… Maybe it's not here. Maybe this isn't—"

I didn't want to hear it. I needed to have control. I needed to have a path, a direction.

"Read me the letters again," I said cutting her off. Maybe if I heard them out loud, it would trigger something else in my head.

With a sigh, she picked up the first letter of the stack and started reading through them one by one. I listened carefully, with my eyes closed, as if I'd never heard them, as if I didn’t have them all memorized at this point. As if I were someone different listening.

"Wait a minute," I said, stopping her midway through the third letter. "Read the line again about playing at marriage."

It took her a second the find the place, her manicured finger trailing over the paper.

"’You played at marriage and think that makes you a husband.’ He sounds skeptical of your marriage, if you ask me," Celia said. "What kind of person would say that? Who would care that much about your marriage? Somebody's else’s marriage that we ruined?"

"No. Someone who doesn't think I deserve my marriage." Doesn’t think I deserve Alayna. Something was coming together and I couldn't quite see it, but it was almost there. "Is that a reference to the time that you and I pretended to be married?"

She scratched the back of her head while she thought about it. "I suppose it could be. Though it would be strange if someone would want to get revenge for that scheme. I don’t think that other couple ever realized they were being played."

I nodded, but not just because what she was saying was accurate, but because of where the train of thought had taken me.

"Where is that account recorded? It's not in any of the journals that we've read. Did you leave one out for some reason?" And then another piece of the puzzle fit in together. "And what about the mask reference—you said it might be referring to the masquerade party, but I don't remember reading about that in any of these journals either. Where are those stories?"

Celia’s expression seemed to indicate that something had clicked. Then she suddenly went pale.

"Is there a journal missing? Is there one that's not here?" My voice was getting louder with each new question. If all the answers had been somewhere else all along, how much time had we wasted?

"I forgot all about it. I'm sorry! Please don't be mad at me." She looked so uncomfortable and guilty that I was certain whatever was coming was something I was going to be mad at.

"Years ago… when I was trying to… when I was sure that Alayna wouldn't want you if she knew about the games of your past…" She trailed off, her face beginning to redden.

I'd been burning with rage since the moment that I realized for sure that Alayna was gone—rage at whoever took her, rage at myself.

It was easy to turn the rage now toward her. "What did you do, Celia?"

"I took one of the journals and planted it in the bookcase in the manager's office at The Sky Launch. I thought that if Alayna found it, she would understand who you were by reading it. That she'd—"

"That she'd read the horrible and terrible things we'd done together and leave me right away. I'm getting the picture. Fuck you, Celia." I ran my hand roughly through my hair.

I didn't really mean it, didn't really mean fuck you. She didn't have to tell me this. She could've said the journal had gotten lost, that she didn't know where it had gone. She'd been honest and vulnerable.

And God knew that we'd both made mistakes in the past.

"Well, she never found it," I said, calming down now that I’d put things in perspective "and she loves me anyway, that crazy woman. What we’re missing has to be in that volume."

I stood up from the table, eager to be on to the next clue. "I guess we’re done here, then. Thank you very much for helping me with all of this."

"Oh, don't you dare pull me into this and then dismiss me at your will." She stood up from the table as well. "Give me five minutes to put on some clothes and tell Elsa that I'm leaving, and I'll come with you."

I didn't argue with her, because I knew I still might need her help reading through the last journal, looking for the final missing clue. And besides, I was determined to find Alayna on my own if I had to, but that didn't mean I couldn't use a friend.





It was too early for the staff to have arrived, so I used my own key to get into the club and disarmed security while Celia headed up to the manager's office. When I got in there, she was walking around the room with a puzzled look on her face.

"There used to be a bookcase in here. I stuck it in with all the other books." She looked at me quizzically. "This is all different since I was last here."

"It was fully remodeled when Alayna was on maternity leave." The same time the letters started arriving...

Another piece of the picture was attempting to come into focus. "You left the journal for Alayna to find, but how did you expect her to know that it was me and you it was talking about? All the references to me just say him." Celia had thought it best to disguise our identities that way, not use any personal references to ourselves. Just in case.

"I put a picture of us from the masquerade ball it described inside." She shrugged, as if to say she knew she was guilty, what else could she do now but own up to it?

"Then anyone, really, who had their hands on the journal would have realized who the stories involved." I pulled out my phone and started dialing Gwen's number as I talked. "The person who has Alayna wasn't a victim from our past—he read our past."

Gwen answered, and I nearly tripped over my words in my haste to get them out. "I'm sorry it's early, I have a question that could be important. When you remodeled, where did all the books go that were on the shelves behind the desk?"

She already knew Alayna was still missing, since I'd called her again when I couldn't find her in the event space so she didn’t delay things by asking why I wanted to know.

"Um, the books were, well… Some of them we threw away. Some I think we probably donated." She paused for a minute thinking. "A lot of it was David’s stuff. Alayna had me call him to collect, and he came and picked up the box right before we did the remodel."

My heart started racing. "That's exactly what I needed to know. Thank you."

Before I hung up, she said, "Oh, and I don't know if this is important, but David was at the club yesterday. He came in for the job fair."

I looked at Celia, as if she could hear the whole conversation and was having the same aha moment that I was. "And he was still here when you left?"

"No. He left a couple of hours before I did. He stopped and said hi. Alayna invited him up to the office, and we all talked for a while, old-times chat and all that."

"Did you actually see him leave?" I asked her.

I knew her answer before she gave it, and when she did, I thanked her again and hung up. Immediately, I called Jordan. "It's David Lindt.”





Jordan called his team in to the security offices, located in the basement of the Pierce Industries building. I told him I’d meet him there, promising not to get into any accidents on the way.

I didn’t agree not to speed.

Knowing I was antsy to get to my destination, Celia offered to take a cab to her hotel. We parted on the sidewalk outside The Sky Launch, my mind so preoccupied, I didn’t even say goodbye.

“Good luck,” she called after me, when I was already halfway to where I’d parked my car.

I started to wave in acknowledgment, then realized I couldn’t leave on that note. I jogged back to her so that I wasn’t shouting, so that she’d know I wasn’t just throwing out niceties. “Thank you,” I told her earnestly.

I resisted the urge to qualify my gratitude—she hadn’t been willing to help in the beginning, and it hadn’t been lost on me that Alayna might be safe and in my arms right now if it hadn’t been for Celia and that damn book she’d planted years ago. None of that was productive. And in the end, if we were to play that game, I couldn’t forget that there would never have been a devious and scheming Celia if there hadn’t first been a Hudson.

I’d carefully groomed her to become exactly who she turned out to be.

I’d hatched the dragon egg.

She smiled, a genuine smile, rarely seen on this woman who I’d known so long. “I’m glad I could help,” she said.

I nodded, ready to leave.

But she stopped me, grabbing my hand. “Hudson, I mean that. Whatever else happens, know that I mean that.”

I studied her for a moment, trying to read her motivation. It dawned on me for the first time that I might trigger the same regret and shame in her that she did for me. I was as much a reminder of her past as she was of mine. Perhaps it was becoming as compulsory to her to make amends with her victims—with me—as it had been for me recently.

“All right.” I said in response, and that was all. Because there was nothing else that needed to be said, and I had somewhere else to be.

When I arrived at the security office, I walked into a room full of buzzing activity.

“He gave up his apartment in Atlantic City,” Jordan said, briefing me on the findings so far. “His forwarding address on file there led us to an extended stay here in the city. The front desk said he checked out over the phone last night. He still had items in the room that he asked to be kept and he’d return to pick them up at a later date. No forwarding information. I’ve sent a man to collect those items, and he should be back here shortly.

“Gwen Bruzzo’s account of seeing him at The Sky Launch has been corroborated with the video footage. We were able to spot him arriving at fourteen twenty-seven hours. He can be seen on footage for the next couple hours in the club, but he disappears around seventeen hundred hours after purchasing tequila shots at the bar. He paid cash. This is the same time Alayna left the floor, presumably to look at the space next door. We believe he followed her into the stairwell, unbeknownst to her.

“We’re unable to see that because the camera angled to record that area was taken offline in the previous hour. I believe he must have used the time between leaving the manager’s office and following Alayna upstairs to disable that camera. It’s not an easy task, but considering he’s worked at two Pierce clubs, he would be familiar with the software we use.”

“We should have had a completely new security system put in when he left,” I blared.

“And again when any manager leaves the club?” Jordan asked pointedly. “Not realistic and not something you need to get hung up on now. Concentrate on the task at hand, not the past. We can Monday morning quarterback later on.”

It wasn’t every day I let my staff talk to me like that.

But this wasn’t every day.

“Though he wasn’t seen again inside the club,” Jordan went on, “there is footage of his car driving past the club a little before eighteen hundred hours.”

He led me to a computer screen where an image was pulled up of David behind the wheel of a car. The camera also caught a woman in the passenger seat, reclined so her face wasn’t clear, but I knew it was Alayna. I’d recognize her anywhere.

“She looks...unconscious,” I said, my heart racing at the sight of my wife. I was simultaneously relieved to see her, to know we were on the right track, and devastated to realize we could be too late. But if he’d been stalking her, surely he wouldn’t have… gone too far.

“He’s likely drugged her,” Jordan said, confirming my thought process. “The testing we did on those shot glasses have traces of Rohypnol in one of them.”

A fucking date rape drug. That meant she couldn’t even fight. Alive, but at his mercy.

Jordan quickly moved on, not allowing me to dwell on the worst possibilities, but I silently vowed to murder that bastard Lindt when I had my hands on him. And I would have my hands on him.

“I have a friend at the FBI,” Jordan said, and I could tell he was wrapping up his briefing. “I’ve called and asked him to put an APB out on Lindt. My friend’s giving us five hours before he adds the case into the system as a courtesy.”

He hadn’t asked if I wanted him to use his contact, but I didn’t reprimand him. It was time. Jordan had made the right move. That was why he worked for me—because I knew I could trust him to keep his head about him when I couldn’t.

“What about credit cards? Are you tracing those?” I asked, wishing I could be helpful.

“I have something on that right now,” a woman on the team called out, flagging us over to her nearby computer terminal. “I’ve hacked into Lindt’s bank account and found an unusual transaction within the last month. Here, an amount of forty-eight thousand dollars was transferred out of his savings account.”

“Where the hell did Lindt get forty-eight thousand dollars?” I asked.

“That part’s easy, he rarely spends money on non-essentials. My bank statements are filled with charges to different retailers, but his are nearly all simple bills,” the woman answered. “The interesting thing isn’t that he had the money, it’s that it’s all of a sudden leaving his account in a lump sum.”

“Any idea where the money was transferred to?” Jordan asked.

“It looks like it was deposited directly into another account. Right here,” she said, pointing to the line on the screen.

“I’ll go over to interview her personally,” Jordan said. “This transaction may give us a lead on where to look next.”

“I’ll go with you,” I said as I stared at the familiar name in front of me, hardly believing the coincidence. “I’m going to want to hear from her own mouth how Judith Cleary is involved in all of this.”





We arrived at Judith Cleary's apartment building at exactly seven forty-seven AM. My body was flooded with so much adrenaline, it hardly registered that I hadn’t slept in twenty-four hours. Jordan distracted the doorman, while I slipped quietly by and took the elevator up to her unit. I pounded on the door relentlessly until she opened up.

"Hudson Pierce. I expected to see you at some point, but I must admit I didn't think it was going to be on my doorstep. If you'd like to discuss your daughter’s entrance to my school, you can make an appointment through the office. Though admissions have been finalized for next school year, so—"

I cut her off, unsure why I’d let her go on so long. "I'm not here about Mina. I don't care about your little school." As if it were her school alone, and she weren’t just a board member. "I'm here to discuss something far more urgent." I nodded at her door. “Well?”

She tapped her foot smugly while she considered, and it took everything I had in me not to push her against the wall and demand answers.

Finally, after what felt like forever, she stepped aside and allowed me into her apartment. "Very well. Because I'm dying to know what's so urgent that you would need to speak to me face to face. At my home. But make it quick—I have to be at a showing in an hour and it’s across town."

Oh yes, I'd forgotten she was a real estate agent. The classic rich housewive’s occupation. I pulled a copy of the bank records that Jordan had given me out of my pocket and showed them to her.

"I need to know about this transaction from a David Lindt in the amount of forty-eight thousand dollars that ended up in your account. Can you tell me why that transaction was made? What he was paying you for?"

"Oh, that's your angle. You're trying to find something to blackmail me on, bribe me?" She rocked back on the heel of one of her shoes. "Well, I can assure you that entire transaction was above board. Trying to use that information to get your daughter into the New Park School is not going to—"

"I told you, I am not interested in your fucking school." I lost my patience. "As soon as I learned you had anything to do with that foundation, I wanted to run a thousand miles away. I'm not putting my child into a place run by a board of bitches who use their elected positions to settle petty grievances. Now tell me why the fuck you accepted the payment from David Lindt!"

She stood up straighter, held her chin up high. "How dare you speak to me in that way!" she exclaimed haughtily. "You can leave now, Mr. Pierce. This conversation is concluded."

"I am not leaving until—"

"I will call security!" She already had her hand on the phone next to the door, and I didn't doubt that she would follow through.

I took a deep breath and let the oxygen clear my head. I knew how to handle a woman like Judith Cleary. The old Hudson knew exactly what to do, how to manipulate her, what tactics to use. She’d immediately assumed I was trying to blackmail her, which meant there was something that she could be blackmailed about. I could discover it. Could play that card once I knew what it was, and with Jordan’s team on the case, I imagined it could happen before security made it up to her floor.

I knew how to do that, and I'd promised myself that I could be that old Hudson again if I needed to be. To protect my family.

But I’d done that already, set fresh plans in motion to discover who was behind this, and Alayna was still gone.

I could practically hear her voice in the back of my head telling me it wasn't the direction she would choose for me. She would rather I be honest and transparent whenever possible. She would prefer I put scheming aside, leave it for a last resort. She would prefer I become vulnerable, as hard as that might be.

"I apologize," I said, forcing the words passed my lips. "I spoke rudely and inappropriately. I'm desperate, you see. My wife is missing."

Judith's hand fell from the phone and she moved it to her chest as she gasped. "Oh my God, Hudson, I am so sorry. But I don't understand what this has to do with me."

"We believe she's been taken by David Lindt. He’s a former employee who has been infatuated with her in the past. He was the last one to see her, but now we can’t find him."

I took a step toward her and hung my head immediately. "You have to know that you are the last person that I would ask a favor of. But right now this transaction from his account to yours is the only lead we have."

"I see. In that case, and I'm still not sure why you're here instead of a police officer, but okay. She’s a very rude woman herself, but her blood’s not going to be on my hands."

This is where I hated the vulnerable, honest approach—because transparency made it apparent how terrible other people were. But I refrained from saying anything.

"David Lindt came to me as a client. He was looking for a real estate purchase, something out of town. He was under the delusion that he could afford something much grander. Of course I couldn't find anything in his price range, but I felt sorry for him and I ended up selling him a piece of land that I've been holding on to for a while. There's nothing much on it, silly little hunting cabin up in the woods."

She considered for a moment. "He kept talking about how he wanted to make it special for his wife who was coming home soon… Are you sure he is the man you're looking for? He was quite sincere about the two of them having a quiet place to really focus on each other."

It felt like my chest was collapsing inward, each breath was difficult, sharp with icy pain. "David Lindt has never been married," I said gruffly. "I believe the woman he was preparing the cabin for was Alayna."

Judith’s expression turned to one of shock. "Let me write down the address for you, I’ll not be having a poor Yelp review for abetting a criminal," she said, as she left the room and returned a minute later with an address written legibly on stationary.

Just as I was thinking I'd been wrong about the woman, that she really wasn't as much of a bitch as I thought, she pulled the paper toward her chest and said, "Now, I do expect a good word at the country club for this."

Then she handed me the paper.

Her mistake was giving it to me before I'd agreed.

As soon as the thing was safely in my hands, I tucked it into my suit jacket and gave her my honest response. Alayna would appreciate that, too, I was certain. "Like fucking hell, Judith. You were a nasty piece of work when you kicked Mirabelle out of the girls club all those years ago, and it’s clear you’re still a conniving, selfish, mean girl. While I don't care who is a member of the club you’re still so keen to be part of, my mother cares deeply. She's a member there herself, as you might have known had you not been so hasty to punish my sister, and there is no room for two narcissistic witches of that caliber in one place. Thank you for the information. Have a nice day."

I left before she could call security, which she was no doubt doing, and called Jordan from the elevator, even though I would see him as soon as I arrived in the lobby. "I got the location. I know where he's taken her. We're going to need the helicopter fueled."

"I’ll get on it. Mind telling me where we’re going?"

"Lake Placid."





It was a ninety minute flight to Lake Placid, but it felt like ninety years. The address, it turned out, wasn’t in the village, but in the woods of the Adirondack Mountains nearby.

Of course. The quiet place he’d asked for.

We filled all eight seats of the helicopter with the pilot, Jordan, myself, and five men from the security team.

On the ride up, Jordan assigned me tasks to keep me busy and feeling useful. I knew what he was doing, and I was grateful.

First, he had me locate a field where we could land the copter. The nearest spot was seven miles from the log cabin, so the next assignment was arranging for a van to be delivered from Lake Placid to the field to meet us. When that was done, Jordan had me find a hospital in Manhattan that would allow us to arrive by helicopter.

“I’m not assuming that she will be injured or harmed,” he said, in an attempt to reassure me. “But since she’s been drugged, you’re going to want to have her checked out anyway. It’s good to be prepared.”

Finally, after everything else had been completed, he said, “Now call your house. Check on your kids. Talk to Mina. Alayna will want to know how they’re doing. And I think it would do you some good to hear your child’s voice.”

He was right. Listening to Mina’s sweet, floating voice brought a begrudging smile to my face. It was impossible to resist being lit up by her sunshine. She might have been a product of both of us, but she was her mother’s daughter in all the best ways.

As slow as the ride up had been, once we landed, it seemed like everything moved in double time. The van took us to the address Judith Cleary had given us. Jordan didn’t let us use the driveway, but rather had us park in a nearby cluster of trees, hidden from the main road. His plan was that we’d approach the house through the woods, reducing any chance of being seen before we made it to the house.

“You should stay—” he began when we started to pile out of the van.

I cut him off. “Like hell I’m staying behind.”

For the first time all morning, Jordan seemed to hesitate. “Fine, but you’re not going in the house until we’ve cleared it. You’ll hang back, understood?”

Again, I had to wrestle with my ego. I wasn’t used to taking orders. I reminded myself what could happen if this went down wrong, what was on the line.

“I’ll hang back,” I agreed, reluctantly. I wanted mine to be the first face my wife saw when this nightmare was over, but that was far less important than being able to see her face at all.

It wasn’t too far of a trek through the woods to get to the cabin, though it was one that would have been better made in outdoor wear. I still had on yesterday’s suit and dress shoes, and after sliding on loose dirt for the third time, I began to understand why Jordan thought I might have been better off in the van.

Finally we were outside the cabin, a dilapidated dwelling that looked like it’s best days had been half a century in the past. David’s car was parked outside, the doors left unlocked. I opened the door and looked inside, searching for some sign that Alayna was all right.

All I found were her shoes on the floor of the passenger side, a favorite pair of Jimmy Choos that she would never part with voluntarily. It made my stomach drop to see them abandoned like this, and I had to sit down inside the car to catch my breath.

Jordan and the team went ahead of me, and when I looked up again, they’d surrounded the cabin. On his signal, three of them burst through the front door, their guns aimed and ready.

I watched them from the car, holding onto Alayna’s shoes, praying like I’d never prayed in my life. Please, let her be safe. Please, God, bring her back to me.

The men had been inside for only a couple of minutes when movement caught my eye in the woods on the other side of the car, away from the cabin. I scanned the trees, my heart beating in my ears, looking for the source.

Then there he was—David Lindt, coming toward the car, bent over as though hoping to not be seen.

But I’d seen him.

And a second later, he saw me.

He took off running back to where he’d come from, but I was right behind him, sprinting at top speed. He might have had the lead and been wearing the right shoes, but I had the adrenaline and the will. I had the fury. There was nothing that was going to stop me from reaching him.

I caught up with him before he’d disappeared into the woods, tackling him to the ground with a heavy grunt. A handgun went flying across the ground, dislodged from where it had been tucked in his belt. He had a fucking gun? The sight of it, knowing he had likely threatened my wife with it, gave me the extra boost of energy I needed to wrestle the larger man’s wrists behind his back.

“If you touched her,” I threatened, crushing my knee forcefully into his tailbone and using my upper body to smash his head into the ground, “If you laid even a finger on her, I will break every bone in your body right now with my bare hands. Don’t think I won’t do it, you stupid motherfucker. I’ll do it, and I’ll do it in whatever way hurts the most, I swear on my fucking life!”

David’s response was muffled, apparently he was unable to speak clearly with his face in the dirt.

“The house is empty!” Jordan announced from the front step.

Empty?

The house was empty.

A volcano of rage burst from inside me. Vile hatred and venom spewed from my pores like lava. “Where is she!?” I screamed at the man held underneath me. “Where is she? Tell me now if you want to live another second! Tell me where my wife is!”

“I don’t know!” he squealed as he squirmed underneath me. “I was in the woods looking for her!”

He was fucking lying. There was no way he couldn’t know, and he would tell me if I had to torture it out of him.

Jordan must have spotted me right away, because all of a sudden he was pulling me off David while a few of his men took over handling our captive. They got him up to his feet, and immediately began asking him all the questions I was planning to ask him, just not using quite the level of violence I wanted to see.

“There’s a broken window and possible signs of a struggle,” Jordan told me, ever composed. “Some of the pieces of glass seem to have blood on them.”

David Lindt was a dead man.

I rushed at him, throwing him against a tree, my hands at his throat. While Jordan once again tried to pull me off, I squeezed until David’s face went red. Kept squeezing until it started to go blue. I intended to keep on squeezing until…

My phone rang. An unexpected sound here; I hadn’t had a signal when we landed.

I considered ignoring it. I was in the process of murdering a man with my bare hands, after all, but then, what if…?

I dropped my hold on David, stepped back as he desperately gasped for air, and pulled my phone out of my pocket. It was a number I didn’t recognize. I pushed Accept.

“Hudson, Hudson, is that you?” The call was faint and full of static, but it was Alayna’s voice. My darling, my precious.

“Alayna! Where are you?” I walked around, trying to get better reception. I was missing some of her words.

“Hudson, can you hear me?” she asked, apparently having as much trouble with the call as I was.

“Don’t hang up! I’m here. I’m at the cabin. Tell me where to find you!”

I didn’t seem to be getting through. “Hudson, I love you,” she said, as if I hadn’t said anything. “I’ve always loved you. Kiss the babies for me. Tell them...tell them I loved them...”

“Alayna?” She didn’t respond. “Alayna, precious, talk to me! Alayna!”

The call dropped. I’d lost her.

I’d lost her and, with her, my whole world was lost too.





21





Alayna





I was in pain. So much pain. Every breath I took was sharp, stabbing, blinding pain.

Dizzily, I staggered through the wilderness, looking for bars on the phone, looking for a place where my repeated call to Hudson's cell would go through.

And now I had finally gotten to him, finally heard his voice and told him the words I had to leave him with. I'd held out for this, fought against loss of consciousness so he would know before I went.

"Let them know I loved them.”





For the second time, I woke up not knowing where I was.

This room was much brighter than the last one, everything white and sterile. There was a steady bleep-bleep-bleep sound that matched the blip on the heart monitor next to me. Oxygen flowed through a tube inserted at my nose, and another tube connected my wrists to an IV drip.

I turned my head to look at the other side of me, and there was Hudson in a chair pulled up right next to the bed that I lay in, so close he'd fallen asleep leaning over on the mattress next to me.

The bleep-bleep sped up, an audible pronouncement of my exhilaration at seeing him again, seeing his face, covered with scruff as though he hadn't shaved in a couple of days, his features worn and tired even as he dozed.

I reached out to touch his prickly cheek with my fingertips, a movement that hurt more than it should have, and with my touch he jolted awake.

His face broke into the most glorious smile I'd ever seen him give.

"There you are," he said.

Here I was. And I was surprised as anyone about it.

"I thought I was dying," I told him sincerely.

He chuckled. "Not dying," he assured me. "You have a concussion, a laceration on your thigh which has already been stitched up, a dislocated shoulder, which has been set back into place, cuts on both your hands and feet, and a cracked rib on your right side."

“Oh.” It wasn’t a short list, but definitely none of it equated to death. “A cracked rib, huh? So that's why it hurts so much to breathe."

His brow creased in concern, and he stroked my arm. "I'll have them give you more pain medicine."

A wave of panic surged through me, and even though it was agony to do so, I grabbed on to him. "Hudson, don't leave me."

He took my hand in his and held it tight. "It’s okay. I'm here. It's just a button we have to push." Still holding my hand, he used his other arm to stretch up to the panel attached to the side of the bed above me, and pushed the icon that said nurse.

Yeah, I'd forgotten that's how you did things in hospitals.

It felt like I might've forgotten a lot of things, actually, and now that he'd mentioned it, I realized my head was throbbing, a dull pain next to the one that seized my rib cage, but significant nonetheless. It was different than the headaches I’d had in the past, a haze that somehow also put pressure on the inside of my skull.

For a few seconds, I tried to piece together the details from what I last remembered and what was happening now, but the effort was too great.

"What happened?" I asked Hudson instead.

"I was hoping you could tell me." He rubbed his thumb along my wrist soothingly. "David's been arrested. When we arrived at the log cabin, we found him, but not you. He insisted he didn’t know where you were, but then you called me. Do you remember that?"

“I do.” I remembered the sweet, distant sound of his voice, and David’s cell phone pressed to my ear, how the connection of the call felt like a lighthouse in a bay of fog.

Then I remembered before that, too. David. The cabin.

"I'd convinced David to go to the store, thinking I could escape while he was gone," I told Hudson. "But I hadn't counted on him binding me up before he left. He used duct tape around my ankles and my wrists. I thought it was hopeless. I was sure I’d still be there when he got back and then I'd… then he'd…"

The sickening words he'd said to me crept into my consciousness, washing me with recollected terror.

I shivered and shook my head. That wasn't important now. I'd escaped.

"Then I remembered this thing that Gwen told me about yesterday," I continued. "This trick of getting out of duct tape that she'd seen at her sex club party last weekend."

Hudson, who had listened patiently, interjected for the first time. "Sex club party?"

I shot him a warning look. "Don't get any ideas."

"I have absolutely zero interest," he promised. "Our sex life is adventurous enough."

Even under the worst of circumstances, the man knew how to make me blush.

"Anyway. The struggle was getting out of the room. David locked me in this loft at the top of the cabin. The door was not budging, no matter how many times I tried to slam my bodyweight against it. And all that was in the room was a cot and built-in desk and bookshelves. There was a stool too—that’s important. I rummaged through the drawers trying to find something to maybe pick the lock—not that I know how to pick a lock—and couldn’t find anything, but I did find he'd left his cell phone. It was locked so he’d probably thought I couldn’t get into it. But I figured out the password easily enough. Zero one zero two—my birthday. Turned out it didn’t matter if I had the password, because the phone wasn’t doing anything from that room. There was absolutely no reception. I tried over and over to make a call, and it wouldn't connect."

Hudson continued to stroke my wrist, giving me all his attention, careful not to let on how upsetting my tale was to him, which was impressive. While he could be a very patient man, he wasn’t always patient where I was concerned.

“That left the window. It was just glass in a frame, not the kind that opens, and it was high on the wall, but I had to figure a way to get out of it.”

"So you used the stool to break it," he guessed.

"I gave it away,” I feigned pouting. “Yes. I had to stand on the desk to get the right height, and throw the stool at the glass. It took a couple of tries but it finally hit in the right spot. I brushed out the glass pieces as best I could, then I hoisted myself up.” I looked down at the bandages wrapping my palms. “That’s what cut up my hands.

“I cut my leg then too, going through the window," I remembered suddenly. "But the biggest problem was the loft was so far off the ground that the fall was more than two stories. I hesitated. It was quite a fall, but then I went for it. I landed on my side and my whole right side blew up with pain. My shoulder, my side, my leg, all of it was throbbing agony. I swear, I almost passed out right then."

"But you didn't," Hudson said, this part of my story evident.

"No, I didn’t.” That was something I should be proud of, I realized. “I forced myself to get up and get away from the house. I knew we were deep enough in the woods that I wasn't going to be able to make it to town, especially in this condition, and I didn’t want to be near the roads in case David was the one who drove by and found me, but I thought if I could just get up the mountain enough to get reception on the phone, then I'd be able to call you, and you could come find me."

I’d been in such a daze, stopping frequently to take breaks and try the phone. The pain coursing through my body had been blinding. My only focus had been climbing upward, guessing at the direction by the feel of the incline as I stumbled along. It had felt like a decade before I’d finally heard the phone ringing at my ear followed by Hudson’s voice.

“I wasn’t sure if I really spoke to you or if it was some sort of dying mirage,” I admitted. “Though, seeing as how I wasn’t actually dying…”

“You talked to me,” he confirmed. “You called, and when I heard you…”

He choked up, a reaction I’d never seen from him before. His eyes had gotten teary on our wedding day and at the birth of each of the babies, but he’d never lost the ability to speak, and seeing him do so now made my heart squeeze and brought tears to my eyes.

He cleared his throat, which only helped mildly. “Then when you were saying your goodbyes...I can’t tell you what that did to me, precious. I was destroyed.”

“I know,” I said in a strangled voice. “Me too.”

We sat for a few seconds, staring at each other, saying nothing. Processing what didn’t happen, but came so close to being a possibility.

I was the one who finally broke the silence. “But you did find me. You traced the call?”

He nodded. “Jordan called a medic up to meet us before we even knew where you were. Then the team separated to search the area the trace said you’d be in. You’d managed to get almost a mile away from the cabin, even barefoot and in misery. You were passed out and ragged, but very much alive, thank God. It was a miracle you made it as long as you did before your body succumbed to shock. The medic put your shoulder back in place right there and gave you some morphine, and then we flew you back here to the city.”

“I sort of remember waking up for part of that,” I said, recalling the strange man who’d massaged my biceps and deltoids, trying to get them to relax so that my shoulder would pop in. I hadn’t been aware enough to realize what he’d been doing, but now that I was, it wasn’t at all like I’d seen doctors fix dislocated shoulders on TV.

“You were in and out a lot until the morphine kicked in. You were out cold after that. I’m sure you needed it.”

“That sounds about right.”

The nurse arrived then to check my vitals and give me more meds. When he left, Hudson told me how he’d discovered it was David who had taken me, the long night he’d had with Celia, and how she’d been helpful in putting the pieces together. He also told me about Judith Cleary and her involvement.

“I wish I’d been there when you told her off,” I grinned.

He returned the smile. “I thought you’d appreciate that.”

The morphine was kicking in, making me feel somber and sleepy. I was happy and grateful to have my husband by my side, but there was still a cloud lingering over me. I’d thought of David as a friend. How could he have done what he’d done to me? How could I not have seen it coming sooner? How would I ever be able to trust people after this? Would I ever feel truly safe?

“You really got him, right?” I asked. “The police arrested him?”

“Well, I almost choked him to death first, but yes. It was only your phone call that saved him from me. And after your call, when I thought you were...let’s just say Jordan managed to prevent me from being arrested as well.”

That was another scene I would have liked to have witnessed.

Still, I wasn’t completely reassured. “He won’t make bail or anything?”

“No bail. I have friends in the court who promised to see to that.”

It was what I’d needed to hear, yet the weight of everything still lingered. A tear spilled down my cheek. “I thought I’d never see you again,” I sniffed, sure I could turn this into a real sobfest if I didn’t contain myself.

“Hey, hey.” Hudson climbed into the bed next to me and gingerly put his arm around me. “You’ll always see me again. You can’t get rid of me. I stick, remember?”

I chuckled and immediately regretted it. Though it halted my tears, the laughing sent my side into spasming pain.

When I’d recovered, I said, “I’m gone for one day, and you’re already stealing my lines.”

“It was a day too long.” He kissed the top of my head. Quieter, he added, “Never leave me again. Promise.”

I was getting tired. I rested my head on his chest and closed my eyes. “I’m not going anywhere,” I said, and drifted off to sleep.





22





Hudson





They kept Alayna at the hospital overnight for observation, and the next day when they were ready to release her, I requested they keep her for one more night—just to be sure.

They agreed. It's hard to argue with a man who offers to donate a quarter million dollars to your research foundation.

The third day, I drove her home myself, no drivers, no bodyguards. I was tempted to give the security team orders to stay on maximum alert—after having lost her for even a moment, I only wanted to hunker down at home, keep her and hold tight to my precious family, ensure their safety through force of sheer will.

But she herself had told me before she wasn't a princess in a tower.

And even though I knew she would understand keeping a few extra bodyguards until our anxiety wore off, I thought maybe their presence was preventing us from getting to that point. Dismissing them meant we were past this. And we were past this, thank God.

"You don't have to carry me," Alayna said, as I picked her up out of the passenger seat and brought her into my arms.

I shut the door to the car with my hip. "Oh, Mrs. Pierce, but I do." I still felt so very responsible for not protecting her the way I should have, the way I’d promised I would, and to make it up to her I was determined to let her feel as little pain as possible. I'd insisted the hospital give her a localized anesthetic for her injured ribs, on top of the oral pain meds, and it only took a little bit of prodding to get them to wrap her torso for the ride home, significantly diminishing the agony of movement. I had to promise to remove it as soon as we got home, to encourage her to breathe deeply so she wouldn't contract pneumonia. And I would remove it.

Just, maybe not immediately.

I wanted to spare her every second of pain I could.

I continued to carry her as we rode up the elevator and exited into our penthouse, where a room full of our loved ones was waiting to welcome her home. I sat her gently in an armchair in the living room, while Gwen and Mirabelle and Alayna's brother and all of our family and friends doted on her as she told the story of her horrific adventure. Mina gave her a hand-drawn card and a bouquet of paper flowers she'd made herself, then ran off to the playroom to run around with her cousins.

I stood back, watching, keeping the twins from crawling all over their mother, in hopes that no one noticed how many times I teared up, so overwhelmed with gratitude. So much gratitude.

After only a couple of hours, I shooed everyone out, declaring that Alayna needed her rest, and I carried her into our bedroom, and tucked her into bed with a pain pill.

I brought my laptop in to work at her bedside, but mostly, I watched her sleep, amazed that I could watch her sleep, that she was in my bed when I truly thought for a moment that she never would be again.

How my world would have ended.

She woke up later, and I served her dinner in our room. Then, after the children were bathed and in their pajamas, I let them all come in and gather around her—carefully. As a family, we watched Beauty and the Beast, the animated version, and it was wonderful. Even Holden watched occasionally, when he wasn't too busy walking the edge of the bed, from my side to Alayna’s, over and over again.

Brett was content to lay in the crook of Alayna's arm on her uninjured side.

Yes, kid, I'm glad she's back too, I thought.

I may have watched them more than I did the show. Which frustrated Mina, who constantly asked, "Are you paying attention, Daddy?"

"Of course," I said, because I was paying attention to the Beauty and the Beast story, the better one. The real one. The one where Alayna was my beauty, an intelligent lover of books who somehow healed this beast.

I forced myself to take my time through tuck-in, though it was hard. I loved these moments with my children, loved being the last thing they saw at the end of the day. And I knew they needed a parent right now to reassure them and give them extra love and attention, even if they didn't understand what was going on. Children are much more aware than adults give them credit for—I'd learned in my few short years as a father.

But I did want to get back to my wife. Every minute away from her right now was agony.

"I'm surprised you're still awake," I said when I came back into the bedroom, and she was sitting there, propped up with a pillow against the headboard. Selfishly, I was glad she was. She had slept so much in the hospital, which was good because she needed the rest, but I also missed her. Missed talking to her.

Apparently she felt the same. "I was waiting for you. I wanted to be with you a little."

I crossed to her and stroked her face. "Okay. Give me a minute to get ready for bed, and I'll come join you. Help you get ready for bed, too." I kissed her on the head—I couldn't stop kissing her since I'd gotten her back, couldn't stop touching her as much she allowed. I slipped into my closet to change into a pair of boxer shorts, my preferred garment to sleep in—when I wasn't naked, of course. I also grabbed the few items I'd stashed in there earlier when Alayna wasn't looking, and brought them with me back to the bed. I dropped the small bag on the floor beside it and reclined next to her on my side, my head propped up with my elbow. Tenderly, I caressed her thigh.

"Have I told you today how much I love you?" I asked, staring into her deep brown eyes.

"Yes," she smiled. "About a million times."

"Here's a million and one. I love you, precious."

"I love you. More than I can ever say." She swept her fingers through my hair. "I'm sorry," she said.

"Whatever for? I’m the one who’s sorry. I didn't keep you safe. I didn’t figure out who was threatening us. I didn't have the security tight enough. I never told you about Adora." The words tumbled out, the apologies I'd been holding for days.

"I shouldn't have been at work, especially when there was a job fair."

"I told you to go to work."

"You wouldn't have told me if I hadn't been so catty and jealous."

"If I'd let you in all the way, you wouldn't have had a reason to be jealous." I pulled her hands down from my hair to my mouth and kissed the inside of her palm. Then, in unison we both said, "This isn't your fault."

I smiled and she laughed, immediately groaning afterward from the pain. "I forgot that would hurt."

I winced as if it were me who had the broken rib. I hated that she was in pain.

She kept her palm along my cheek. "H, did you hear me? This isn't your fault."

I'd heard her. "I'm going to have to work on believing that."

I reached behind me and grabbed the bag and pulled it between us. "I do know something that was my fault. And I'm going to fix it. I really didn't let you in, not all the way. Not because I didn't think you couldn't handle it, Alayna. You’re so strong, so unbreakable, you've proven it surviving everything you've been through. And because of everything you've been through I always want to keep you from ever feeling anything bad again."

She started to say something, probably to explain why that was impossible, how people have to feel pain as part of the human process, something wise and meta.

But I didn't need to hear it. I'd already learned my lesson. "I understand why I can't do that," I reassured her. "And to make sure that I don't do it again, to prove to you how very much I want you in my world—and I mean every part of my world—I have something for you." I pulled the keyring out of the bag and handed it to her.

"This is for you. A key to every door, every desk drawer, every filing cabinet that I own, both here and at the office." Every paper, every file, was hers. Every secret, every memory. Everything I owned, and everything I was. All hers.

She took the bundle of keys, more than thirty in all with labels on a large ring, and stared bewildered at the gift.

"I've also had you added to my security level. Jordan has sent you an invitation to the app that will give you access to all the passwords and links he would need to access any of my accounts or information."

It was more symbolic than anything else. She wouldn't ever really need to go through my things, though she might do it out of her own curiosity—she’d always been one to snoop. But the intention was genuine, and she seemed to understand as her eyes started to brim with tears.

"Oh, Hudson," her voice was tight. "I don't know what to say."

"There's more." I pulled up the last two items, another, smaller keyring and a paper folded up in thirds. "These are all the keys for the event space next door to The Sky Launch, and the deed, in your name. Lee Chong sold it to me, and I know I should've waited and you wanted to do this yourself, and I'm trying not to hover, but I really couldn't allow you to go back over there without installing our security cameras, and he wouldn't allow that without a purchase agreement."

She bit her lip, as though trying not to laugh. "How did you get him to sell so early? He wanted to wait until the new year, I thought."

"I had to raise my offer to get them to sell earlier. And pay cash. I’m sorry, but I'm not. I do hope that you're not upset."

"I'm not upset. I would've been too scared to go back over there if you didn’t put in cameras, honestly. And considering how Lee doesn't like to work with women, he probably gave you a better price than he would've given me even with the earlier buy." She hugged all the items to her chest. "I love them. All of them. They are so thoughtful and perfect and…"

She was getting emotional, but she held back her tears. "How did you even have time for all of this? You've been by my side for days."

"You don't realize how much you’ve slept. Besides, you'd be surprised how much you can do with a laptop and a phone when you're sitting in a hospital room next to a sleeping patient."

I leaned over to kiss her, gently. Then I kissed her again, because she tasted so good, and I loved kissing her.

I pulled away and leaned my forehead against hers, with great effort. If I didn't stop now, I'd never want to stop, and she was still recovering. "I'm glad you love the gifts," I told her.

I had not expected the response she gave.

"Alayna, what are you doing?" I asked as her hand fondled the outline of my cock.

"Can’t you tell?" she teased.

"Alayna, precious, we can't. It's too much pressure on your rib."

"I'm still wearing the wrap," she said, her hand continuing its stroking. "And I had the local anesthetic, and pain pills. The doctor didn't say that we couldn't. He said, when I'm ready. And I need you."

As ridiculous as it was to think that she would want sex right now, it was also understandable considering our relationship. The way we communicated had always been so very wrapped in the physical. Still, I said, "I don't like this."

"Really? It seems like you like this very much."

Damn cock. Thinking for itself rather than about what was best for her. I was already hard and aching under the manipulations of her caress.

Forcing myself to not give into pleasure, I put my hand on hers, holding it back from its divine massage. "Alayna, I always want you. You know that. But this would be too much activity for you right now."

Her expression grew somber. "Please," she pled. "I need you. I need to erase him."

Every inch of my body tensed. She’d sworn to me he hadn’t violated her. "Did he…"

"No," she answered quickly. "He didn't touch me. But he wanted to. And I need you to help me get that memory out of my head."

I wanted to know every detail of what he’d said to her, every sickening, crude comment so I could replay it in my head as many times as I knew she would. So I could replay it and feel the misery along with her.

But just because we had no more walls didn't mean we weren’t respecting boundaries. I'd given her all the keys to my life, because I wanted her in all those spaces, but if right now she didn't want to share this part of her nightmare, if that was a space that she needed to keep for herself, I had to let her. And I'd be here if she ever invited me in.

So carrying that weight for her, with her, was not possible.

But if she needed this—if she needed me—I could give her that.

I let go of her hand, letting her resume her touch. She understood the cue, and moved her hand inside the fly, her skin hot against my flesh as she wrapped her fingers around my bare cock.

"Gentle," I instructed her. "We will be gentle and slow." I kissed her, deeper than before, my tongue slipping inside her mouth. "And you should be on top, so you can control the pressure and there's less strain to your rib."

"Okay," she said, her mouth turning up again toward mine, eager for another taste of my lips. "Help me get undressed."

She lifted up her hips while I pulled the jersey dress up carefully over her torso and head, tossing it to the floor next to us. The keys jingled on her lap, falling from the dress as I took it off. I took those along with the deed and put them on the nightstand, then crawled over her to help her with her panties. She was already braless, having chosen not to wear one with her injury, and her nipples stood up in front of me begging to be sucked on, licked, and loved. I give them each a swirl of my tongue before returning to the task of ridding her of her underwear.

Again she lifted her hips, and I pulled the small bikini briefs down her legs and off one ankle then the other. When she was naked, her pussy glistening in front of me with arousal, I decided perhaps this was what she really needed—my mouth down here, giving her pleasure, overshadowing her pain.

I nestled between her legs, spreading her thighs around my head and licked up the length of her slit.

She shivered and I went to do it again, but she put her hand on my shoulder, stopping me. "I need you inside me, Hudson. Please."

I could never deny her anything when she sounded like that, all soft and whimpering and desperate.

I stripped my boxers off, then lay down on the bed next to her. Putting my hand at the base of her spine, I helped her sit forward and steadied her as she climbed over me. I almost called the whole thing off when she let out a yowl at the pain at turning, but then she was sinking down on me, and her entire face lit up with relief.

She began to move her hips, riding me with soft undulations.

"Slow," I reminded her when she started to speed up. But, oh God, she was gorgeous, rocking her body against mine. I slipped my hand up the side of her torso and palmed her breast, rubbing my thumb over her erect nipple. With my other hand, I tenderly brushed against her plump, swollen clit, my eyes never leaving her face, watching for any sign of weakness or pain. I was never going to come this way, so concerned about her, but I didn't care about me. This was all for her.

I saw the strain start in her features before she showed signs of it anywhere else in her body. I wasn't sure if I should slow down or speed up, rush her to her orgasm and be done with it, or continue to go at a snail’s pace.

I hadn't made a decision when she made it for us, sinking down across my chest with a frustrated moan. "I can't," she said. "You were right. It's too much."

I stroked her hair, and kissed the top of her head as I ran my hands along the landscape of her back, my cock still anchored inside her. "It's okay. We don't need to."

“I know.” She was quiet for a minute.

"He wanted to make babies with me," she said finally. "He wanted to be…" Her voice cracked. "Everywhere… inside me. And I thought if I could just be filled up with you, it would go away, and I would remember that I don’t belong to him. That I'm yours."

My chest felt like it was ripping apart, and I fought the urge to squeeze her tightly to me. To wrap her so tightly in my love that nothing bad could exist.

"Oh, precious. You are mine. Not just because I'm the man lucky enough to put my cock inside you, but because I’m the man who is lucky enough to be inside your heart."

She sniffled, and I felt a tear drop onto my bare chest.

"And you’re mine,” I went on, “because you fill every part of me. Every cell, every molecule. Every dark shadow within me, you are there, bringing light. No one can take that away from us, no matter what they want. You’re mine because I don't exist without you. How much more mine can you be than that?”

She cried softly and silently against me, and I let her stay like that, against my chest, still half buried inside her while I rubbed her back until she was done. Then I rolled out of bed, pulled my boxers back on and tended to her, removing her wrap, helping her put on a fresh pair of panties. I gave her another pain pill and made her as comfortable as possible with a pillow under her head and another under her knees.

We didn’t make love, but we had love. So much it blinded me sometimes, brilliant and white and perfect. It illuminated my once dark world and lit every room she walked into. It hummed with its brightness. It vibrated under my skin.

I curled up next to Alayna and wrapped my arm around hers, listening to the song of our love in the even rhythm of her breathing, a hypnotic, melodious sound that lulled me into a restful sleep where there were no more nightmares or terrors or dragons from the past, just us, living happy and whole, side by side, forever.





Epilogue





Alayna





In the middle of the night, I woke up to an empty bed. The way Hudson worked, his mind going at all hours, it wasn't unusual to find him in his office in the wee hours of the morning. Normally, I turned over and went back to sleep.

But the anxiety from everything that had happened was still fresh in my mind. I could still feel the tentacles of the nightmare, of David's grip on me, the fear that I would be taken from my family forever, and only my husband beside me could soothe those nerves.

I climbed out of bed, slowly, wincing at the injuries and the fresh stiffness, and eased on a robe before starting my search of the house. He wasn't in the library or the living room. Wasn't in the kitchen. I was about ready to go peek in on the children, when I noticed the door to the patio slightly ajar.

I slipped out onto the balcony, feeling the hot muggy air settle on me like a blanket. "Hudson?" I called to his dark figure sitting in the chair on the other side of the deck.

He turned sharply in my direction. He was immediately alert, sitting forward as though he were about to leap up from his chair and rush to me. "Alayna. Are you okay?"

"No," I said walking slowly toward him. He started to rise, but I stopped him with a gesture. It didn’t stop him from examining me all over once I reached him.

"What's wrong?"

"You're not in bed," I said. “I woke up and didn’t know where you were.”

His features relaxed instantly, lips turning up into a smile. "But you found me."

"That I did."

He tugged me gently into his lap, arranging me so that I wasn’t putting any weight on the side of me with the hurt rib, while being sure not to disturb the wound on my thigh.

He nuzzled his face into my neck, simultaneously slipping his hand inside my robe to gently cup my breast, an intimate caress more than a sexually charged one. As he kissed along my collarbone, his thumb grazed along my nipple until it stood up, pert and proud.

"What are you doing out here?" I asked, my voice vibrating on the edge of a moan.

"Dreaming," he said, continuing his kisses up my nape and to my jaw.

"This is not dreaming, Mr. Pierce. I assure you this is very real."

His mouth moved up to hover above mine, then he lifted his eyes to meet my gaze. He studied me for a moment, then chuckled to himself before leaning back into the chair.

"What?" I played my fingers through the back of his hair.

"Do you remember the other day when Mina woke up crying? And I went in to comfort her?"

I did. I'd been changing a diaper. Hudson and I hadn't even gone to bed for the night yet, and Mina had already padded out of her room with big crocodile tears running down her face. Her daddy went to her, picking her up and carrying her back to bed with soothing words.

"Did she have a nightmare? I never asked." She wasn't usually one to have bad dreams, but everyone did now and then.

"Actually, it was quite the opposite." He chuckled again, remembering. "She told me she'd been dreaming that she lived in a house made of candy—the floorboards were red licorice and she had a chocolate bar for door. There was more. She was very detailed in describing it to me. And she was devastated when she'd woken up and realized that the dream wasn't true."

"Oh my God, she's adorable." Having children with the man I loved was one of my favorite parts of spending my life with Hudson. We had this special thing that was just ours, these little humans that we created. No one on Earth would ever find stories about their antics as charming or magnificent as he and I, but it was something we would always have together that belonged to no one else.

"How did you get her to calm down? Promise to bribe her with candy the next day?"

"Yes. I did do that. I told her we’d take a trip to the candy store." He sobered. "But then I remembered something Jack used to say when I was really little. I'd forgotten all about it. Then with Mina’s dream, it all of a sudden came rushing back to me, this memory of a very similar situation when I was about her age, and my dad putting me on his knee and saying that I didn't need to cry. Because dreams don't come true from dreaming them—they come true from holding them."

In the distance a siren sounded, the regular whoosh of traffic passed by below, but for the most part, the night was silent around us. "Holding them? What does that mean?"

"You keep it in your heart. Think about it often. Cherish it, I guess."

Yep. That did sound like the romantic kind of nonsense Jack would spout. And it was sweet.

Sweet...

"Wait—you told our daughter to hold her dream so it would come true?" I looked at my husband incredulously. "You're encouraging Mina to cherish the goal of a house made out of candy?!"

He shrugged innocently. "We don't know enough about her yet. She might grow up to be one of those eccentric types."

"She might grow up to be one of those diabetic types."

"Oh come on. She's four. Who knows how the dream will change? Maybe she'll end up running a chocolate factory one day. My dreams obviously changed. I didn't grow up to be a train."

I giggled again. "A train? That's the dream you wanted to hold onto? Becoming a train?"

He scowled at me. "I told you—people change." He pulled me closer to him. "Anyway, that's why I was out here. I'd had a dream that woke me up. A good dream, and I wanted to hold onto it."

In all our time together, I couldn't remember a single time that Hudson had told me about his dreams—not his real literal dreams, the ones that occurred while he was sleeping.

I cocked my head and stared at him. "Tell me about it?"

He hesitated for a moment, his hand inside my robe, rubbing against the skin of my torso. "It wasn't really long. Just a brief snapshot of an afternoon. Sometime way in the future. We were at Stern and Brett was graduating with her MBA."

Brett following in my footsteps at my alma mater—it made my chest warm to imagine it.

"She looked just as beautiful as you did, the first night I saw you at that symposium. And she was just as smart and strong and fearless and enough."

God. Our future. I'd never thought that far into it, what life would look like when they grew up. I tried imagining it now, with him.

"How did you look?"

"I still had my hair."

I rolled my eyes. "Perfect, I bet. You probably aged better than me." He would always look perfect. I was sure of that.

"I still thought you were pretty goddamned sexy. I had wanted to pull you into another dark hallway so I could mess you up before the ceremony, but Bennett was with us."

I furrowed my brow. "Who's Bennett?"

"Our son. He's an oopsie."

I almost lost it at Hudson's use of the word oopsie, such an informal word from such a formal man.

And then I started to process what he'd said. Another kid. "I'm guessing this means you aren't getting that vasectomy."

"Bennett is your favorite child! I can't bear to go out of business now that I know about him."

Whether it was his way of saying he wasn't quite ready to close up shop—or that he'd prefer not to be the one to go under the knife—I wasn't sure. Either way, I could handle that revelation. That we weren't necessarily done. As long as it wasn't happening right away. "How much later does it—he—happen?"

Hudson squinted his eyes. "I guess he was ten years younger than the twins. Maybe more." Jesus, I’d be in my forties. He was definitely getting fixed after that one.

But maybe that would be the perfect time for an oopsie.

I nestled into him. "Who else was there? Tell me what else we’re like in the future."

"Like I said, it was only a snapshot of this moment. But I did gather a lot. Holden was there—he was already married. And his wife seemed really pregnant. About to burst pregnant. Mina got there late because she was running from work—she was managing The Sky Launch now, and there'd been some sort of crisis. Jack was there. Sophia… wasn't."

I was quiet, not sure what to say about a future without the woman who had made my husband's life hell, but had also still been his mother.

"That's okay," he said when I didn't say anything. "I don't know how to feel about that myself."

"I'm sure it was sad."

"It was sad." He let another beat go by before continuing. "Mirabelle and Adam were there. Oh, and Brett's boyfriend. She was dating one of the Bruzzos. It was pretty serious. He hinted he had a ring."

I sat up excitedly, ignoring the protest of my side. If Brett really married one of Gwen's kids, it would tie our families together in even more ways than we already were. I loved the idea.

"Which one was it?"

"Is there a difference? I don't know. One of them."

I shook my head. "You are terrible."

"I should've known his name. He was working at Pierce Industries. He kept trying to pitch me new ideas during the boring parts of the ceremony. Some of them were actually good."

"Man, wouldn’t that be amazing? Brett marrying Gwen’s son, and the two of them taking over your business when you retire. All of it, really. Sounds like an amazeballs future."

"I hope it’s our future. But whatever future I have with you will be perfect. The only required ingredient is that you’re in it with me.”

I tucked my head under his chin, and thought about what he’d said, holding his dream with him. His dream hadn’t included anything like, “And you didn’t have a breakdown after your next baby.” He didn’t even say, “Yeah, you went a little crazy again, but we all survived.” And it struck me that those things didn’t matter to him. That his vision didn’t have to include “fixing” me to be perfect. He accepted the two Alaynas, accepted that they both made me me.

And why shouldn’t he? Hudson still maneuvered and schemed and controlled. It was why he was so good at ruling his empire. Sometimes he crossed the line and tried to manipulate me and sent me into a fuss, but I didn’t want him any other way.

So maybe our whole relationship, when I’d thought we worked because we fixed each other’s broken parts, was wrong. Maybe we hadn’t fixed each other at all—because we didn’t need fixing. We needed healing and understanding. We needed patience and optimism. We needed dreams instead of nightmares and light instead of darkness. We needed trust.

And we’d given each other all of that.

We’d both just needed to be loved. For who we were and despite what we’d done. For our strengths and our weaknesses too. We’d needed someone to belong to, someone who filled our dark spaces, someone who moved heaven and Earth to make sure we’d always be together.

We’d needed love.

And we had enough of that to last us a lifetime and beyond.





Epilogue 2





Hudson





I took the rest of the week off to be with my family. To be there for Alayna when she woke from the nightmares, her heart racing, sweat pouring from her body. To make sure everyone felt safe and secure and whole before returning to work.

On my first day back, Patricia greeted me with a packed schedule and a handful of mail and interoffice items that only I could attend to. Slipped between a stack of standard contracts sent over from Accelecom, I found a single sealed white business sized envelope, my name scrawled in a masculine script on the front.

Inside was a page of hotel stationery, folded in thirds with a note handwritten in the same cursive.



I’m grateful to hear your wife is back in your arms.

You and I have unfinished business.



Edward Fasbender






