









The Billionaireâ€™s Ex-Wife
Jameson Brothers Book One








Leslie North







Contents



Jameson Brothers


The Billionaire’s Ex-wife


Mailing List


About Leslie


Blurb




Chapter One


Chapter Two


Chapter Three


Chapter Four


Chapter Five


Chapter Six


Chapter Seven


Chapter Eight


Chapter Nine


Chapter Ten


Chapter Eleven


Chapter Twelve




End of The Billionaire’s Ex-Wife


Thank you!


Want More?


Sneak Peek















Jameson Brothers






The Billionaire’s Ex-Wife

The Billionaire’s Pregnant Fling

The Billionaire’s Sexy Rival








This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales, is entirely coincidental.

RELAY PUBLISHING EDITION, OCTOBER 2017
Copyright Â© 2017 Relay Publishing Ltd.

All rights reserved. Published in the United Kingdom by Relay Publishing. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Cover Design by LJ Anderson of Mayhem Cover Creations.

www.relaypub.com






























Mailing List






Thank you for purchasing ‘The Billionaire’s Ex-Wife’
(Jameson Brothers Book One)

Get SIX full-length novellas by USA Today best-selling author Leslie North for FREE! Over 548 pages of best-selling romance with a combined 1091 FIVE STAR REVIEWS!

Sign-up to her mailing list and get your FREE books at:
http://leslienorthbooks.com/sign-up-for-free-books













About Leslie






Leslie North is the USA Today Bestselling pen name for a critically-acclaimed author of women's contemporary romance and fiction. The anonymity gives her the perfect opportunity to paint with her full artistic palette, especially in the romance and erotic fantasy genres.

To discover more about Leslie North visit:
LeslieNorthBooks.com
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Goodreads
Bookbub













Blurb





Sam Jameson always gets what he wants and what he wants is his ex-wife.
Sam views the world in black and white—a strong attitude that’s earned him billions in the business world and an ex-wife in the real world. What Sam wants is to choose his own future, but to do this he must pass a test set out by his older brother, and CEO: onboard his wayward brother, Eddie. Sam accepts the challenge but isn’t sure what to think when he learns that the woman he’d love and left is part of the test too.
Trinity Jameson is a fixer. It doesn’t matter if it’s ugly furniture or an ornery employee, Trinity has the touch and she’s spent most of her life helping others achieve their best potential. But when her ex-husband comes back to town to prove he’s got a heart, Trinity makes a decision: She’s not going to fix his problems for him—no matter what his smoldering blue eyes ask of her, she’s going to say “No.” She’s determined that he’ll fix his own mess this time.
Before Sam landed in New York, his goal was to leave the city just as fast. But when Trinity saunters into the room looking better than ever, his desire begins to shift. He realizes that what he really wants is what he can no longer have: Trinity. Sam has no trouble stoking their physical fire, but hot sex isn’t going to be enough to heal the hurt he’d caused long ago. Sam isn’t going to be dissuaded by her new found emotional wall. He helped her build it, and now he’s going to knock it down.












Chapter One

Sam




His favorite suit was wrinkled. It didn't matter if there was only one: the wrinkle was there, leering up at him like a lopsided, mocking smile.
Sam Jameson shook out his sleeve, but the minor imperfection remained. Minor, he thought to himself in consolation. A wrinkle that wouldn't smooth was the least of his problems today; still, it lingered in the back of his mind as much as it lingered on the otherwise crisp fabric of his suit.
Sam distracted himself by gazing about the familiar waiting room of the New York office. He missed the East Coast more than he could express, and he wasn't an expressive man by nature—but even he could appreciate the familiar, sanitized smell of the office, the classic wooden furnishings, and the precision of the New York City skyline just outside the high window. The L.A. office always smelled like someone was secretly giving manicures in the staff kitchen, and the West Coast skyline was…quirky. Slipshod. Obscured by a permanent haze and decidedly not up to code.
L.A. was to blame for Sam's current predicament, of that he had no doubt. Who the hell lodged a complaint about "annoying perfectionism" and took their business elsewhere? Apparently L.A. clients did. Sam blamed the strange holistic culture that had seized the West Coast—the culture of "mistakes are successes that haven't happened yet," or whatever inane philosophy Californians liked to paste on the bumpers of their hybrid cars—but his older brother William didn't see things the way he did. That was partly why William was CEO, and Sam was COO, of Jameson Advertising Agency: it wasn't just a matter of age, but perspective…or so their father had once explained it.
If only Sam could give William a momentary demotion and make him see things from his point of view. This move to onboard Eddie was a mistake. More than that, it was far below Sam's paygrade—but even he wasn't so callous as to say as much out loud. He had learned early on that when it came to family, talking in strictly business terms wasn't exactly smiled upon.
But surely even William could see, from his lofty vantage as CEO, that bringing Eddie any closer in the family business was a mistake. Their father had certainly thought so. The youngest Jameson simply wasn't cut out for more than wining and dining clients.
Inviting the family screw-up back into the fold didn't seem like a wise move to Sam—but who was he to protest it? He would get in, do the job to a more than acceptable degree, and get out, the same as he always did. William wouldn't be able to argue with the results, and then Sam could get the hell back to L.A. and move onto better things.
The door opened and Sam rose, applying one last swipe to the wrinkle. He raised his gaze, expecting to find Eddie's lopsided grin and ridiculous eyebrows waggling a greeting.
Instead, it was his own ex-wife he found staring back at him.
"Trinity." He hated how out of practice he suddenly sounded saying her name out loud. Not a day had passed since their separation that it didn't enter his head on a repeating loop, always in threes: Trinity. Trinity. Trinity. "What are you doing here?"
His ex-wife blinked her gorgeous doe eyes like he had her caught in a crosshairs. Obviously his presence in the room wasn't a surprise to her, but maybe seeing an estranged spouse in the flesh shook her as much as it shook him. His eyes dropped at once to take in the form-fitting pencil skirt and matching blazer. Only Trinity could make such an uninspired shade of gray look borderline sultry. Not a wrinkle in sight. He noticed she was parting her hair differently; the line combed into her scalp was off-center, and her honey-brown hair spilled in one thick wave down the left side of her face. The asymmetry should have bothered him more than it did, but all Sam could think in that moment was how strikingly well-suited she was to the style. The elegant curl hugged her cheekbone while exposing the other one, making them appear even more pronounced than usual.
"Where's Eddie?" He hadn't expected himself to be the one to break the silence. Trinity blinked again, and shook her head to dispel whatever thought it was that had frozen her in the first place.
"Hello, Samson. Your brother asked me to meet with you. Not Eddie," she qualified. "William."
"I see."
"He wants me to assist you in onboarding Eddie. William, that is. But I guess you knew which of your brothers I was referring to that time."
Sam nodded. Trinity's sudden appearance had thrown him into turmoil on the inside, but he was used to masking pressure indicators in high-stress situations. There was a reason his coworkers all called him a machine. "Where is Eddie these days?" he asked her.
"Barbados. Last I heard." Trinity swept her clipboard toward the conference hallway, and Sam rose at her invitation. He followed behind her, despite knowing the way, and watched her graceful balancing act. If she wore silk stockings with her heels, Sam couldn't perceive them at this distance. Only running a hand up one of those elegant calves would reveal the truth to him….
"In here." Trinity waved him on into one of the rooms. Her face looked a little flushed, and Sam wondered how loudly he had been broadcasting his thoughts…then again, maybe they were simply on the same wavelength, as they had so often been when they were married.
In those first years, anyway.
He would never show it, but Sam was still reeling from the divorce. It had been almost a year since he signed the papers Trinity wordlessly pushed across his desk, and he still didn't know what the hell had happened between the two of them. Hadn't they always shared ambitions? Work ethic? Not to mention great, great sex? He knew from all the divorce studies he had read that he should have at least started entertaining the idea of dating other women by now, but he couldn't even bring himself to set up a simple online dating profile…and the Millennials at the L.A. office had certainly volunteered to help.
Sam took a seat at the head of the table out of habit. He pulled out the chair beside him, and Trinity's mouth quirked a little in wry amusement. She bypassed Sam's offered chair to pull out her own. She sat down, and began to array her files as Sam studied her. Maybe having Trinity around to assist with the onboarding would be a good thing…professionally-speaking, of course. Surely he had no better ally in all this than his own ex-wife, who knew his preferred method of running things. Trinity was familiar with every nuance of his personality—hell, she was one of the few who would vouch for him even having one.
Right?
Trinity was the people-person. She understood the needs of others in a way Sam could never wrap his head around outside of the business boardroom. Corporations were straightforward, and most of them desired the same thing: damn good advertising. That he and his brothers could deliver. He had been raised to understand the cold, calculating terms of business minutiae; not the far less black-and-white terms of the people who stood behind the businesses.
"I figured we'd just take a few minutes to go over everything," Trinity said. "Sort of a pre-meeting meeting. Nothing about our approach needs to be set in stone just yet. In fact, I think we should leave ourselves plenty of room to be flexible throughout this entire process. Eddie's a special case."
"He certainly is," Sam allowed. He tried to ignore her use of the word "flexible". In business, he absolutely loathed the term—but when confronted with memories of his ex-wife's uncommon talents in the bedroom, it was even more distracting.
"I mean that he's not nearly as underqualified as you or your brother like to think," Trinity said sharply. "He may have made mistakes in the past, but Eddie's a good kid."
"He's only two years younger than you are," Sam pointed out, "so your use of the word 'kid' is revealing. Eddie's twenty-eight, Trinity —like it or not, he isn't a kid anymore. What he is is an immature adult who, when he isn't off partying on an island somewhere, likes to sleep around with high-powered clients' daughters."
"One daughter. So far as I'm aware." Sam thought even Trinity looked unconvinced of this, but she pressed her lips together to stifle anything else she might say on the matter. "Anyway, I know Eddie and I would both appreciate it if the past didn't come up in tomorrow's meeting. I'd like to focus on the future—his future with the company—if it's all the same to you."
"You have my word."
He'd only broken one vow in his life, and only because the woman sitting across from him had asked him to.
"Good." Trinity pushed a copy of the first meeting itinerary his way. "Like I said, nothing about the agenda for tomorrow is set in stone. I'd prefer to look at this sheet as more of a working checklist. If you have any idea of how you would like to begin…."
"Well, I can start by getting him up to speed on all the company directives he's been ignoring," Sam said.
Trinity nodded. "Good idea. I can handle the soft-skills stuff in the meantime. Shouldn't be that difficult, considering Eddie is Eddie…and not you, for example."
Sam took the jab in stride. He leaned back in his leather chair, and tried to suppress the smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he watched her. He couldn't remember the last time he had smiled—an admission he doubted would come as a surprise to anyone—but seeing Trinity thawed his heart. It always did. He wondered if William had orchestrated their project partnership with that goal in mind, and found that he simply didn't care. He could watch the way her sensuous lips shaped every corporate word all day long.
"Look, Sam." Trinity interrupted herself suddenly and sat back, crossing her arms. She always did that when she was about to shoot straight with him. "You've had one too many write-ups for being cold and distant with your division heads," she stated. Sam winced. He thought he detected an unvoiced accusation in her tone, but she carried on before he could unpack it. "Our H.R. department is at their wit's end. Onboarding your own brother isn't only good optics for the company, but it shouldn't be that hard for you to muster up a little familial warmth in the process. Everyone wins."
"And I'm back in L.A. in time for a work thing," he agreed. "Everyone wins."
He had meant to sound casual—calling an advertising launch party a "work thing" was something he would never dream of doing outside of Trinity's presence. But he could see immediately that it had been a mistake. The animation in her eyes, the light, went abruptly dark; her energized posture stiffened. Too late, he recalled what he had said to her on the night of their five year anniversary, after he had sent his secretary in his stead to explain his absence from dinner.  The night—and his failed marriage, it had turned out—imploded as soon as he got back to the apartment, and uttered those dismissive, fatal words:
I had a work thing.
He wondered if she would throw the memory back in his face now. It was the least he deserved for being careless. He had been caught up in the moment—caught up in the feeling of being partners again, and working together toward a solution. Instead, Trinity offered a smile as matte as a magazine ad. She gathered all her documents back together and straightened them briskly. "Wonderful. William will be delighted to know we're on the same page. Thanks for meeting with me today, Samson. I'll be seeing you at our official first meeting with Eddie tomorrow. Same time, same room."
When she rose, Sam reached for her out of habit. He was a creature of order, not routine, but somehow in the five years they had been married he had managed to develop a compulsion. He liked to hold onto Trinity, just a moment more, before they broke to pursue their separate tasks.
His fingers encircled her wrist, and she didn't pull away immediately. Sam felt encouraged. He stood and took a step nearer to her, letting his fingers slide from the delicate bones of her wrist to her open palm. They were almost holding hands.
"Trinity." He kept his voice low, almost afraid they would be overheard. "It's good to see you again. I've…missed you." He took another chance. He squeezed her hand. He thought he felt the faintest reciprocating pressure, and forged on quickly. "When are you off tonight? We should grab a drink and catch up."
Trinity yanked her hand from his suddenly as if he'd scalded her. "I have a date tonight." The words tumbled from her lips; Sam couldn't decide if they were improvised or rehearsed. If it was a lie, he couldn't read it in her face. He had always been able to in the past. "And I think…the onboarding process is what's most important right now. Getting Eddie situated in his role is my number one priority. I consider anything else a distraction that neither of us can afford."
Trinity turned and walked briskly from the room. As she passed back by the conference room window, Sam could clearly see the stormy look on her face: her eyebrows were furrowed in anger, and her eyes sparked like there was lightning behind them just waiting to be unbottled.
"Shit," Sam swore below his breath. What the hell had possessed him? He took a moment to compose himself. He straightened his cuffs. He tried to smooth the persistent wrinkle from his sleeve and came away with half a dozen more.
"Shit," he said again.












Chapter Two

Trinity




The infuriatingly gorgeous face at the head of the table looked gorgeously infuriated, and Trinity was loving every second of it.
She rearranged her space at the conference room table for the third time in the past twenty minutes, and politely pretended not to notice when Sam lurched out of his chair to take another turn around the room. He paced like a Siberian tiger, his blue eyes flashing, but Trinity found herself more amused than afraid of his display. It was good to see that the Ice King's patience could still steam away on occasion.
"A half hour," Sam said. "He's a full half hour late. Make a note of it. I want William to know."
"I'm not your personal secretary," Trinity reminded him. "Or your watch. And you're exaggerating. Eddie's only twenty minutes late."
Sam rounded on her like she had just suggested the New York Yankees were underfunded hacks. His palms hit the table. "You see?" he demanded. "This is exactly the indulgent approach Eddie's used to receiving! The fact that he'll be forgiven is the reason he thinks it's acceptable to be late to a meeting in the first place!"
"Why don't you just say what you mean?" Trinity's voice was all sweetness.  "You don't mean 'indulgence'; you mean 'coddling bullshit'." She let the words hang between them, enjoying the way their roughness stung Sam enough to momentarily pull him out of his self-righteous rant. "If anyone's had an unfair shake in this family, it's Eddie. There's never been a moment when he's been 'indulged' or 'coddled' any more than you or William has. He's been trying for years to claw his way back into favor, and what does your father do? He passes away without letting Eddie know his sins are forgiven."
Sam compressed his lips into a tight, bloodless line, and turned away.
Privately, Trinity wondered if Sam ever showed this side of himself to anyone but her. How did his feelings manifest when she wasn't around? Did he give into them at all? Or did he just bottle them up and place them on whatever dusty shelf housed his compassion; his humanity; his failing marriage?
It was also worth wondering if she might have crossed a line by mentioning his father. Even in death, the ghost of Richard Jameson ruled his family with an iron fist. Sam was more like him than he would readily admit—and the worst of it was, he knew it. He couldn't eradicate that side of himself as easily as he could a bad deal brought to the table. Trinity still found plenty of reasons to adore that side of Sam: she loved his focus, his unyielding ability to negotiate, his strength. She just wished he knew how to turn it off every once in a while.
"Speaking of unforgivable sins," Trinity said off-hand, trying her best to segue out of rocky Jameson family territory, "you should have seen the specimen that took me out last night. Didn't hold the door for me, but he certainly fell all over himself trying to order for me. I thought we were going to get into an actual brawl when the waiter finally brought us the check—after I asked for it fifteen minutes into our date."
Should have been five minutes max, Trinity thought sourly, although she didn't regret being able to tell the story now. She had even left out the part where her date—whose name was either Darius or Marcus, she couldn't remember which—had suggested she go to the "powder room" while he took a call from his bookie.
She pressed her lips together and toyed with her pen as she watched Sam's face. They had always taken turns ordering for one another as a sort of game. It was something she had started when it became clear to her that Sam always ordered one thing at any given restaurant, and one thing only. She had forced him to branch out, and it had become an inside joke of theirs. The waiter always looked appalled when Trinity took the lead; Sam only ever looked amused.
"So I'm guessing the date was a bust?"
Trinity's hands stilled above the folder she was leafing through. Sam stood by the tall window, but for once his eyes weren't on the skyline. His gaze was trained solely on her, awaiting an answer. And her mouth was suddenly dry and unresponsive.
God, Sam was a handsome man. He had struck her the same way yesterday. Five plus years of marriage, and all the time they had dated in college before that, and she still wasn't inoculated against it. The dark, wavy hair; the chiseled, immaculately shaved jawline; the skin as pale as a tragic Greek hero carved in alabaster. He knew how to dress himself, too, which is more than she could say for her ill-fated date in the ill-fitting slacks.
"Well…a lot of dates are a bust when you're a thirty year old divorcée," she replied.
"You told him you were married?"
Before she could respond, the door to the conference room blew open, and Eddie Jameson strolled in. His eyes searched the room, passing over his brother's presence completely until he found Trinity. "Hey, Trini!" He grinned and held out his arms for a hug.
Sam looked absolutely nothing like his brother. Eddie was just as well-manicured, but that's where any sibling similarity ended. Whereas Sam was always buttoned-up, his hair always carefully reined-in, Eddie pulled off his open collar and less expensive suit effortlessly. Eddie was like a fresh breath of perpetual summer: his auburn hair was always just the slightest bit tousled, and his skin always glowed with a healthy natural tan.
"Eddie." Trinity laid on a little extra warmth as she rose and stepped into his offered embrace. "How are you? You look great."
"So do you." Eddie withdrew and glanced over her shoulder. The charming lines that always fanned around his eyes when he smiled smoothed immediately. "Sam."
"Eddie."
Well, she didn't know what she had been expecting. She had certainly never seen Eddie greet his brother with the same enthusiasm he had just shown her—not even as a guest at their wedding.
The two brothers squared off across the table, their postures rigid.
"All right…welcome, everybody." Trinity cleared her throat and gestured for Eddie to take the seat beside her, and the three of them sat down. "It's good to have us all finally able to meet in the same room."
"Is it?" Eddie leveled the question at Sam, who just stared impassively back at him.
"You've both already received copies of the agenda for the first official sit-down," Trinity said as she passed out the schedule for good measure, "but I'd prefer it if we kept things a little more informal for today's meeting. Please consider these as guidelines more than a checklist. And if anyone has any suggestions for how to start us off, I'm all ears."
"Well, he can start by completing the online sexual harassment course," Sam stated.
Trinity winced. "That's…." Where did she even begin to parse the callousness of that statement? Every word of it was problematic, even down to Sam's refusal to acknowledge his brother's presence in the room. "…while I agree that will be necessary—as it is for every Jameson hire, and the last thing we want to do is make you appear to be a special exception—I was thinking something more along the lines of the in-person workshop." Trinity slid the pamphlet out of her folder and passed it to Eddie.
"You mean there will be roleplaying?" Eddie's grin returned immediately, despite Sam's apparent best efforts to dampen it. "You can count me in for that. Sounds fun."
"Good. But maybe don't tell the person moderating the class that you intend to enjoy it," Trinity mentioned. Eddie's enthusiasm for her ideas was a welcome change, though.
A welcome change that didn't last. Sam leaned forward and pinned the pamphlet to the table with his fingers; Trinity thought he was going to commandeer it, but he simply left it on the table between the three of them. "The online course exists for a reason," he said. "The less room for error and embarrassment in this instance, the better. Eddie fails the course, he makes another attempt at it and no one's the wiser."
"Almost sounds like you expect me to fail, big brother." Eddie's eyes flashed, but it wasn't with his usual good grace and humor.
"Nobody expects you to fail, Eddie." Trinity hadn't meant to emphasize the word, but it just so happened to fall on the moment she yanked the pamphlet back from beneath Sam's uncompromising fingers. "We've had great results with the in-person training. It puts a human face on everything."
"Sam knows all about human faces, considering he has to put his on every morning," Eddie volunteered.
"All right, settle down." Trinity commanded. If the two brothers were going to regress to immature sibling jibes this early in the process, then she at least needed to keep a clear head. "William approves of the in-person training, so it stays. Next item."
"I want Eddie to sign off on a list of requirements for using company funds—specifically for client entertainment," Sam said. "And I want to start him off with the minimum allowance and see how well he does."
Eddie threw up his hands. "An allowance? Are you kidding? You see what I have to deal with, Trini? I'm already being set up to fail. Fine. Whatever you say, Dad."
The temperature in the room chilled to subzero. Trinity was surprised when her breath didn't fog.
"I have an even better idea," Trinity interrupted, gracefully ignoring the annoyed look Sam shot her. "Why don't we have you complete a trial entertainment session with a client, and your budget going forward can be based on that? Getting you out there ASAP is in the company's best interest, and totally in your wheelhouse anyway, Eddie. You're good at entertaining those hard-to-impress customers." She avoided looking at Sam as she said this. No sense calling attention to the big exception.
Eddie laughed. "I love it! It'll be just like that time in Mykonos. You remember those backpacker chicks we met at the bar?"
Trinity shook her head and tried to suppress her smile at the memory…or at least, what memory she still had intact of that wild weekend spent abroad. "I think a few less flimsy bikini strings will go a long way in this instance."
"Where's the entertainment in that?" Eddie argued gamely.
"Mykonos?" Sam repeated. "The two of you went to Mykonos?"
Oh, shit.
Trinity kept her expression smooth. "Yes. Mykonos. It was a lovely trip."
"You went to Mykonos with Eddie."
"Hell yeah. It was awesome!" Eddie said. After glancing between the two of them, he quickly put up his hands. "Wait, I didn't mean it like that, Sam! It's not like…me and Trinity, we're like….
"Siblings," Trinity provided for him. Eddie nodded his head rapidly.
"You were supposed to go to Mykonos with me," Sam said.
"That's right." Trinity sat back. "But once I knew you were never going to stop working long enough to take me, I made other plans."
Both of Eddie's eyebrows ascended his forehead in sudden comprehension. "Oh…oh." He had the grace to look, if not at all repentant, then at least a little uncomfortable to be a third party to their argument. Trinity loved Eddie, but she really didn't need any more commentary from his end of the table.
Eddie seemed to sense as much, and rose—with a totally manufactured stretch of his arms—and casually gathered his coat. "You know, this has been great. Like, really great. I'm glad I have you guys on my team. It's just that…if nobody objects, I think I'm going to take five. Head down the block and grab a coffee from the store on the corner.  You want anything Sam? Trinity?" Eddie didn't wait for a response, just gave them a hearty thumbs-up and grinned. "You know what? I'll surprise you. Be right back."
No sooner had the door to the meeting room closed behind him then Trinity was out of her chair. Sam rose, steadying himself in immediate defense of whatever assault she had planned. Normally, she would have loved the fact that she could get such a literal rise out of him, but nothing about the circumstances surrounding their forced partnership was normal. She was determined to take full advantage of Eddie being out of the room to give Sam a complete and unfiltered piece of her mind.
"You know, I used to back down so easily to you. Not anymore," she hissed. She stepped up to him to emphasize her point, aligning her assertive posture with the crisp, perfect front of his suit. "Those days have ended. You don't get to throw your weight around this conference room on this coast. I may not have your title or your paycheck, but I better damn well have your respect."
"You have my respect," Sam said in a low voice. "And my attention. Even if I don't have yours on either account."
Trinity met his eyes evenly, but felt a little chastened by his words despite herself. She wondered if this was Sam's way of trying to bring up Mykonos again, but she wasn't having it. Her personal life was just that: personal.
"The question is: what are you going to do with me, now that you have me so thoroughly at your disposal?" Sam asked her.
"I'm going to do my job," Trinity stated. "And so are you. We're going to have to learn to compromise to get Eddie situated. The onboarding procedure at the upper levels encourages creativity, and improvisation—not only in our employees, but in the transitional process. That means we both have to be flexible, Sam."
"I don't recall that being a problem between us in the past."
Trinity's face heated, and she was suddenly aware of just how close they stood to one another. She would never admit it out loud, but Sam's height was impressive—especially in a confrontation. He towered over her, an unscalable fortress unto himself, but his words kindled memories of every time she had successfully brought those defenses down.
She hadn't thought there was room left between them for him to step any closer, but he did. She couldn't afford to give ground now…but how could she successfully continue to stand up against such an imposing, conquering presence? Sam Jameson always got his way in the boardroom—the same way he did in the bedroom.
"Your heart is racing, Trinity," Sam murmured.
"And your suit is wrinkled, Sam."
If he could feel how fast her heart was beating through her breastbone, then there's no way he didn't also feel the points of her nipples pressing into his chest. Her breasts ached for more than just that fleeting, accidental touch, and a sudden wave of longing hit Trinity so hard it almost rocked her forward into his arms. Almost. She wasn't sure if Sam would take her. She wasn't sure she wanted to be taken.
That was a lie. Ever since she had first laid eyes on him yesterday, his eyes, his arms, his body, was all she could think about. If she asked him to rip her clothes off and fuck her right there in the conference room, would he? There was unmistakable movement behind the icy veil of his eyes, and she thought she had her answer.
Sam took a deep, seemingly deliberate breath, and his chest brushed hers again. The hot gust he released from between his lips was so close it stirred her hair. Then he turned away, his shoulder grazing hers as he walked toward the door. The tension between them released, and Trinity mourned its too-sudden withdrawal.
"You win this round," Sam conceded. "Eddie can bypass the digital course and attend whatever class the two of you want. But you haven't won the war."
I never wanted to go to war to begin with, Trinity thought as she watched him go.












Chapter Three

Sam




The bar was packed wall-to-wall ten minutes after he sat down. Sam counted himself lucky for securing a stool at all; most of New York's up-and-coming elite stood arrayed around what had once served as a dance floor.
Funny, he thought. I don't remember it ever being this busy before. He nursed his Manhattan and gazed around in dim curiosity. This had been an old haunt of his, back when he still had a permanent office in New York.
What he found less funny was Eddie's insistence on keeping his own schedule. Sam had agreed to meet his brother here two days ago, after the initial meeting with Trinity. He wasn't sure why Eddie wanted to speak to him alone; a part of him guessed his brother had seen reason in regard to the online sexual harassment course, but he wasn't going to hold out hope.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder. Sam turned, his annoyance at Eddie's lateness already rising to his lips, when he was once again surprised to find Trinity standing where he had expected his younger brother to be.
His ex-wife looked even more stunning standing in the bar than she had when they were first reunited. Her tawny hair was swept back, exposing the elegant curve of her neck, and her earrings were shimmering strands of diamond that revolved and winked every time they caught the light off one of the flickering candles. She was otherwise dressed conservatively in a black skirt and blazer; the shirt that peeked out from beneath her ensemble appeared to be the same bold red as her lipstick, but Sam couldn't be certain of it in this low light. He craved a closer examination to be sure. When Trinity got to coordinating, she never just stopped at matching her outerwear.
"Eddie's still in a meeting with a client. William's there." He could tell by the way her face pulled slightly inward that she hadn't liked how the order of her words came out. "He still intends to meet you here tonight. Eddie, not William. Boy, it's hard keeping track of you Jamesons now that you've finally decided to start working together."
Sam nodded. He wasn't really listening. He was just summoning the courage to prod at her a little—maybe to ask her why she was always forced to play errand girl for his errant brother—when the crowd suddenly made a collective and unexpected surge toward the bar. Trinity gasped as she was pushed into Sam. She threw her arms out instinctively, snaking them around his neck for balance. Sam brought his shoulder up to deflect anyone else who might attempt to shove forward.
"Shit," Trinity muttered.
"Forgot how crowded it gets here," Sam said in the same moment. Their eyes locked, and her arms constricted almost imperceptibly—but it might have only been a muscle spasm. He shouldn't read anything into it. His track record reading emotions in others was historically poor.
But maybe—with Trinity—it wasn't as poor as he assumed.
Sam slid down off the stool, enjoying the familiar feel of her body pressed in close. He knew he shouldn't deliberately steal moments like this, but he couldn't bring himself to hold back. He let his hands slip down the tight, familiar curves of her ribcage and waist. Before Trinity could pull away, or open her mouth to form a protest, he lifted her up onto his vacated barstool.
"Sam…" she murmured. She glanced around the bar, looking fervent, almost guilty. It didn't come as any surprise when the bartender immediately returned to take her order. When a woman like Trinity alighted at your establishment, you paid attention.
"A gin greyhound for my…friend, please." Sam placed the order, and the bartender nodded as he turned to start pouring. Trinity arched an incredulous eyebrow at him, and he wondered if he had made the right choice by falling back on old habits. Their habit of ordering for one another suddenly didn't feel like the innocent game it had once been.
"Confident as always. How do you know I still even drink greyhounds?" she asked him.
"If the amount you put down after our wedding reception couldn't turn you off them, nothing can," Sam replied. Trinity's smile pulled against whatever restrictive measures she had put in place, and a flood of sudden warmth swept through him, warmth that had nothing to do with the alcohol he’d been served.
Speaking of servings, Sam tracked a movement over Trinity's left shoulder. "No," he instructed the bartender. "Not that one. That glass, please." He indicated the rack of highballs. The bartender nodded and traded out the martini glass he had been about to use. Trinity burst out laughing.
"Speaking of things that don't change! I see you're still obsessed with proper drinkware."
She grinned and rolled her eyes at him, and Sam felt vaguely annoyed. "There's a standard for every drink," he said. Launching into his time-honored monologue only increased the playful grimace on Trinity's face. "If I had ordered you a martini…"
"It can be both, you know." Trinity tossed her head and accepted her drink from the bartender, dropping him a conspiratorial 'thank you' that didn't escape Sam's notice. She was always making peace treaties for him before he was even aware he had started conflict. "There's no agreed-upon right or wrong way to drink a greyhound. Hell, sometimes at home I drink them out of a little Mason jar."
"Please don't say things like that," Sam groaned.
"Sometimes I even like it."
"I'm sure you do." Sam plucked up his Manhattan and raised it to her in toast. "To accepting each other's quirks," he said.
Trinity toasted him back. "To glassware—whatever shape it may take."
His eyes lingered on her as they both drank. He loved watching her throat work as she swallowed. It was one of the things he had immediately noticed about her when he first met her in college: her ability to put away drinks while making it look like the most sensuously feminine pursuit imaginable.
"You know I still don't have a favorite bar in L.A. Speaking of preferences," He drained his glass and set it down. "I always liked the atmosphere here. I like it even more now that I realize it can't be easily replicated. Most things worth having in your life are one in a million."
Trinity set her glass down and swiped at her lips meditatively. Sam didn't know for sure if it was her finger, or his words, that had suddenly banished the smile from her face. "You're romanticizing the past, Sam. Everything looks rose-hued when you know you can't get back to it. I'm sure the Manhattans aren't helping."
"I don't need their help to tell you how I feel."
Trinity blew her lips apart with a heavy sigh and scowled. "We fought here all the time too, or don't you remember?" she demanded. "Used to be that no establishment was safe."
"You make it sound like I lost my temper," Sam said. "I never lost my temper."
The bartender had returned to hover across from them; he retreated quickly now, taking their glasses with him.
Trinity's eyes sparked. "Maybe that was part of the problem, Sam. It was like nothing ever touched you. Like you thought emotions were for mortals. I wish just once you would have lost your temper." Her face softened suddenly, which was the last thing Sam expected to see. "I loved it when you would express your feelings to me," she murmured, "but the worse it got, the more you froze over, until I was in the cold, too."
Sam's tongue swept his suddenly dry mouth, hunting for the words that had come so easily to him before, but they left him hanging now. Trinity held his eyes a moment longer, before pushing back from the bar and grabbing her purse. "Charge my drink to the company card," she said. "I consider this a work meeting. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a singles' night to get to."
Trinity glanced at her watch, and Sam's eyes fell to her wrist. He didn't recognize it. It certainly wasn't the one he had given her. Before he could remark on it, or even offer up a word of goodbye, Trinity turned and tunneled her way back into the crowd.
"Damn," a voice commented behind him. Sam turned, expecting to find the bartender, and instead found Eddie sitting in the stool Trinity had abandoned seconds before. Eddie arched a signature thick eyebrow at him. "You guys break up again?"
"Actually, I'm encouraged." He couldn't stop replaying the moment that Trinity's face had softened in his head. "Not that it's any of your business." Sam leaned his elbow against the bar and signaled for a water. "Speaking of business, try to be on time from now on. This is twice now you've been late, or sent Trinity in your stead to meet me. It's unseemly."
"What's unseemly is that drink you just had the bartender pull from the tap," Eddie said. "Excuse me, miss? Do you work here?"
Eddie waved to an attractive female bartender, one who was clearly stationed further down. She caught sight of Eddie's gesture and immediately sauntered over—completely dropping the task she’d been attending to, Sam suspected, in favor of taking Eddie's order.
"Yes? Can I help you?" she inquired. Her eyelashes batted as if she was conveying a different question entirely in Morse code.
Eddie leaned in. "I couldn't help but notice the expert way you were pouring those gentlemen's shots earlier." He nodded toward a group of sour-looking young execs further down the bar. Clearly they had posted up at the far end of the bar for a reason, and now that their reason had been called away, they didn't quite know what to do with themselves. "How much would it cost to get me one of those?
"For you?" The pretty bartender appeared to consider his request, although Sam had the distinct feeling she had already priced it out—and the math she had used wasn't taught inside any schoolroom. "Why don't I just refill your drink, and throw the shot in for free?"
"Sounds like a deal to me." Eddie glanced at Sam as the bartender trotted off, which made Sam wonder which of them the show had really been for. "You want to do a shot with me, Sam?"
"Please tell me you don't intend to drink like this in front of clients."
"What? No, of course not!" Eddie scoffed, but he couldn't hide the way his face fell at the comment. "I thought…look, I know we're working together more closely than ever now, so talking business is unavoidable. But I thought tonight was more about you and me getting to know one another again."
"You thought so, huh?" Sam stared at Eddie's paired drinks dubiously as they appeared. "I'm not…." The word interested came to mind, but he held it back at the last moment. Maybe it was better to tread lightly with Eddie's feelings now that they would be working so closely together. In truth, his youngest brother was a stranger to him. Every motivation and subsequent action that drove Eddie to make the decisions he did was completely foreign to Sam.
"…I'm not available to discuss anything other than the onboarding at the moment," he concluded. "That I'm more than happy to talk to you about."
"Jesus. No wonder you piss everybody off." Eddie knocked his shot back as if there was nothing he needed more in that moment. Sam watched him, feeling equal parts puzzled and annoyed. What was Eddie talking about? He was the brother who pissed everybody off, not Sam.
"If you're referring to William," he said, "I've already spoken to him about the complaints to H.R. I've made my case that it's all just a misunderstanding. Our clients out west don't always get my concise brand of professionalism."
"I'm talking about Trinity, bro!" Eddie exclaimed. "Just having you around again is stressing her out big-time. Don't you think you could dial it back a little for once?"
"I don't get what you mean." Sam leaned harder into the bar, suddenly wishing he had ordered more than just a tall glass of water. "Trinity and I are finally talking again. She even stayed to have a drink with me. Would she have done that if I stressed her out? In fact, I think I might ask her out after the next meeting." He felt confident that Trinity's date tonight would go about as well as the last one. There was no man in the world, much less New York City, who knew her as well as he did. He thought it was something even Trinity suspected to be true.
Eddie groaned, his head dropping down between his hunched shoulder blades. "Christ, please don't. Spare us both your humiliation."
"We divorced because we drifted apart," Sam argued. He realized that despite his best efforts to keep things superficial between himself and Eddie, his youngest brother had succeeded in worming his way into Sam's personal life anyway. "Believe me, I won't make the same mistakes this time. I've spent a lot of time thinking about Tri…I've thought a lot about it. I know that I fucked things up in the past. I didn't appreciate what we had until it was gone. Now that we've both achieved success in our careers apart from one another, I'm hopeful we'll be able to pick back up where we left off."
"Fuck, you are too much sometimes," Eddie said. Then he laughed and grabbed a hold of his drink, spinning on the barstool to face Sam fully. "Listen, don't you ever wonder how Trinity and I got to be such good friends? It's because she used to call me all the time, sometimes in the middle of the night, when you guys were still married. Do you want to know what our main topic of conversation was?"
"No," Sam replied, knowing the answer was probably unavoidable at this point.
"We talked about you, Sam. Specifically you and your career, and the happy marriage you were sharing with it while your bride was calling me to cry on my proverbial shoulder. Case in point: I was the first person Trini called when she had to take the cat to the vet and put her down without you. You were supposed to be home early that night, but you got pulled into a meeting you claimed you couldn't get out of. You were unreachable."
"Cat? What cat?" Sam stared at Eddie for a long moment, trying to gauge whether or not his brother was pulling his leg. What did he have to gain from lying about a pet?
Eddie returned his stare incredulously. "Are you kidding me? The cat! Your cat!"
"Trinity and I never had a cat."
"It was the stray Trinity found in the alleyway behind the agency! She brought it back home with her! You resisted initially, but eventually caved and agreed to let her keep it. Are you seriously telling me you don't remember your own pet?"
The memory was fuzzy to Sam, but he thought he recalled something orange and vaguely feline-shaped. "Trinity has a big heart," he said finally. "But I think you're exaggerating. There's no way the death of a cat was enough to dissolve our marriage."
Eddie heaved a heavy sigh and picked up his drink. "Trini's right. You're a total lost cause."
Sam almost spat up his water. "Trinity said that?" he demanded. "When?"
Eddie smiled sadly and shook his head. "I'm afraid I'm not available to discuss anything other than the onboarding at the moment. Oh, is that the check?" he asked as the female bartender returned to slip him a piece of paper. She sashayed away, and Eddie held up the receipt to look. "Nope. Something better." He grinned and presented the handwritten digits for Sam's inspection. "Her number. Looks like you're the only one going home alone tonight, brother."
Eddie downed the remainder of his drink, slapped Sam on the back, and strolled off down the bar. As always, he left a sticky mess behind him for someone else to clean up.
Sam stared at his water, and tried not to think how out of place, and completely inadequate, it really was.












Chapter Four

Trinity




Days after her little tête-à-tête with Sam at the old bar—and days after another failed singles' night—Trinity found herself back in the same compromising position. This time, there was a booth and table involved, which meant she sat in close proximity to Sam regardless of her feelings on the matter.
And she was having a lot of feelings.
Sam leaned into her, almost as if he could read her thoughts and knew she was already unbalanced by his proximity. "I know it was you who approved this karaoke bar for Eddie," he murmured, "instead of Eddie taking the time to actually call them and setting it up himself. Well done."
Trinity shook her head, even though she knew there was no use denying it. What she was really trying to do was disguise the fact that Sam's whispered accusation, and the hot breath that it came to her on, had raised the hair on the back of her neck in aroused anticipation. Did he mean to talk directly into her sweet spot? He knew she was sensitive there.
Bastard.
"I may have gotten it approved for him, but Eddie did his research," she whispered back. Her gaze flickered across the table to where Eddie and Mr. Hikamori were laughing and commiserating as they pointed toward the stage. "It just so happens that our guy likes to belt out 80s hits with abandon. Eddie did some snooping around his more private social media pages."
"Above and beyond," Sam muttered as he sat back.
Trinity's eyes narrowed. Eddie was going above and beyond, but he wasn't likely to keep with it if he didn't get some positive encouragement soon from someone other than her. "You're just grumpy because the song bucket's stopped in front of you," she said. Sam's bright blue eyes, normally so quick to fix on an object of interest and squeeze out every scrap of information, downright refused to alight on the pail full of paper slips.
"C'mon! While we're young!" someone called from the booth over.
"Well, Sam?" Eddie prompted. He was the one sitting closest to their potential client, his arm casually draped over the back of the booth. Their client, the Japanese CEO of a tech start-up, glanced between the two brothers, obviously picking up on the current of tension that ran between them. It wasn't the first time that night that Trinity wondered what they had talked about at the bar after she left.
"Pull one," Sam said.
The straw in Trinity's (incorrectly made) greyhound nearly shot down her throat. She pulled back quickly with a spluttering cough, drawing three pairs of concerned eyes as she fought to regain her composure. "I'm sorry?" she asked as she scrambled for a napkin. "You want me to...you want me to pull a song for you?"
"Yes." Sam's eyes on her were unblinking, and their familiar icy-blue hue sent a shiver of longing through her. She still fell asleep every night thinking about those eyes. "I trust you," he added.
"It's not really a matter of trust, but thanks for the vote of confidence," Trinity muttered as she dipped her hand inside the bucket. And I think you might be needing that vote of confidence more than I do, she mused as she drew her hand back. "'This Kiss.' Faith Hill." She showed the slip of paper just in case there was any doubt. Eddie rocked forward with a startled bark of laughter; Hikamori looked less certain of the pop country standard, but grinned as he took in their expressions. He must have known he was in for something good.
"He's going to sing?" Hikamori asked in surprise. Trinity glanced sidelong at Sam. She was also wondering the same thing.
"I'll sing it," Sam said. "If you accompany me."
His eyes locked on Trinity, and she could barely believe what she was hearing. Did she really just watch Samson Jameson not only agree to, but personally suggest, a karaoke duet? "You're on," she said. She nodded toward the stage. "And it also looks like you're up."
"We're up. Come on."
Sam grabbed her and pulled her out of the booth. Trinity slid after him, still too unnerved by his sudden change in behavior to focus on their linked hands. What on earth had come over him? It's not like he had all that much to drink. Sam never overindulged, and tended to thumb his nose at the people who did.
Which was why Trinity received her second surprise of the evening when they arrived at the stage. She handed the DJ their slip of paper; the DJ took one look at Sam's rigid posture and poured him a heavy, complimentary shot into a rocks glass, courtesy of the bar's fireball overstock. He passed the drink to Sam and urged him on with a nod toward the stage.
"Wrong glass," Sam muttered as he downed the fireball in one swig.
Trinity forked her fingers. "We'll need two mics, please," she said. The DJ handed her a second one, and she climbed up onto the stage after Sam.
The music started up almost immediately. Trinity glanced wildly between screens, still trying to get her bearings. It had been a long time since she sang karaoke—which, compared to Sam's never, she supposed wasn't that bad. She heard Eddie hoot from the VIP booth, and could only hope Mr. Hikamori was equally enjoying himself in the moment.
Maybe there was no hope for Sam. He looked even paler than usual, and the shadows beneath his chiseled cheeks seemed to deepen the closer the lyrics came to lighting up. His tongue darted out to wet his lips, and he raised the mic to his mouth.
"I don't want another heartbreak, I don't need another turn to cry…"
Trinity's jaw fell open. She had never heard Sam's singing voice before—hell, she hadn't been certain he even had one. He never sang to himself in the shower, and he never hummed along to the radio, not even when a song they had danced to at their wedding came on. The deep baritone that came out of him now was better than she could have possibly imagined. How had he hid this side of himself from her all these years?
Sam wasn't even looking at the words on the screen. He was gazing around the room, tracking the delighted expressions he saw and appearing to gain confidence with each sweep. Trinity caught his eye and grinned encouragingly. She started swaying to the beat, even going so far as to put her arms up reverentially as Sam's rich voice massaged Faith Hill's lyrics. Someone in the VIP booth started clapping—her money was on Eddie—and soon the whole bar was joining in. An older man wearing a cowboy hat got up and pulled the woman he was with to her feet. She followed along beside him in a line dance, laughing gaily. Trinity noticed the matching rings that glimmered on their hands every time they clapped in sync.
Something inside her clenched at the sight, something she had thought long-buried and forgotten. Sam nudged her, and for a wild moment she thought he meant to call attention to the same couple—but he was only cueing her to start in on the next verse. Trinity shook out her shoulders and started in.
"Cinderella said to Snow White: 'how does love get so off-course?'"
She powered through to the chorus; when Sam's voice joined in with hers unexpectedly, a pleasant shiver of surprise raced through her body. Their voices blended so well together, it sounded like they had been rehearsing this moment for their entire lives.
The background singers on the recording took over and started chanting: "this kiss, this kiss". Trinity let her mic fall to her side. She gazed around, suddenly unsure what to do with herself during the lull, but such was the risk one took when singing live. She glanced at Sam, grinning, to see what he would do to fill the time before their big finish.
The big finish came earlier than expected. Sam, who had replaced his own microphone on the stand, suddenly seized her around the waist and pulled her tightly into him. The bar erupted in a frenzy of ecstatic cheers as he pushed the hair back from her face and swooped in.
Their lips collided in a stunningly well-timed kiss. All the old instincts came tumbling back: Trinity melted against the strong circle of his arms, letting Sam take charge of her completely as she succumbed to a moment of pure bliss. He wasn't always the one calling the shots when they kissed, but when the mood took hold of him, and he took hold of her….
Trinity sighed into Sam's lips as the barroom seemed to fuzz and go out of focus around her. The music, even the cheering that accompanied their unexpected merger, was soon drowned out by the frenzied beating of her heart. Her blood pumped, sending a sweet rush all through her as Sam caught her next breath and deepened the kiss. The hand at her cheek swept into her hair, his fingers plunging through the gentle waves she had chosen to wear down for the evening. He tightened his grip on her scalp in the same instant his tongue pushed its way past her lips. She moaned as she received him, and had the sense to be glad Sam's mouth stifled that, too. They had never locked lips like this in front of so many people, not even at their own wedding. She definitely didn't need anyone else knowing just how vulnerable she was in that moment.
When Sam finally pulled back, Trinity clung onto his shoulders to keep her knees from buckling. She stared up at him, and saw her own stricken expression mirrored in his breathtaking blue eyes. The cheering all around them slowly bled back into her awareness of the moment.
Oh God. Not only had she just kissed her ex-husband, but they had an audience.
She pulled away with a sheepish grin for show, and even went so far as to give a little bow. All a part of the act, folks. She was good at putting out fires back at the agency, and she was confident she could snuff this one before it even started…
...until Sam stepped to her again, and Trinity knew he wanted that second kiss the crowd was calling for. She wanted an encore, but she couldn't let herself have it. She smiled for show and playfully pushed against his chest, before stepping down off the stage and passing the DJ her mic. She didn't look for Sam as she wound her way between the tables back to the VIP booth.
She had let Sam get too close, and now look what she had to show for it. She was haunted by the lingering pressure of his mouth against hers, and now there was a room full of witnesses to her weakness. She had warned herself about staying firm now that they were no longer married. Thankfully, nobody but Eddie knew the full story, and she intended to keep it that way. She intended to not let it happen again.
"Wooo!" Eddie hollered, half-rising out of the booth as soon as she was within fist-bumping distance. "You guys killed it, Trinity! I had no idea you could sing like that!"
"I had no idea Sam could sing like that," Trinity replied as she slid back into the booth. It wasn't long before the heat of Sam's body joined her again. She smiled, broad and all-encompassing, and looked everywhere but at her ex-husband. Did she imagine it, or was he sitting a lot closer than before? Maybe it was the lights from the stage that had heated him up, but his presence beside her radiated like a furnace.
"Mr. Jameson—" Mr. Hikamori's cheeks were flushed, and his eyes sparkled as he basked in the afterglow of their performance. "I was just telling Eddie that you have totally blown me away this evening. I'll admit I had my reservations about signing on with you initially."
"Is that so?" Sam picked up his abandoned Manhattan, before setting it back down again when it became apparent Eddie had refreshed it for him. "I'm sorry to hear that."
"No! No! I'm the one who's sorry," Hikamori persisted. "I had heard rumors that you were uptight. Unadaptable to ideas and inflexible to change."
Trinity took a loud sip of her drink and tried to ignore the way Sam's body increasingly gave over to petrification beside her.
"All unsubstantiated shit talk," Eddie quickly jumped in.
Hikamori nodded vigorously in agreement. "You have really impressed me tonight, Mr. Jameson. This is why I love going to the karaoke bars—you never know what unexpected things you're going to find out about the people you are with. That's what I want to bring to our ad campaign: unpredictability. Courage. I want our customers to cheer our boldness and our competitors to tremble at our hidden reserves of strength."
"I'll drink to that!" Eddie said. "Congrats, Mr. Hikamori. I think we've just established ourselves as partners."
"Congratulations, Eddie. Sam." Trinity raised her glass, and the four of them leaned in to toast together. "I'll see that a contract's drawn up tomorrow. Shall I fax it over to your office, Mr. Hikamori?"
"That will be fine. Thank you, Miss Patterson."
The use of her maiden name shouldn't have startled her as much as it did now. She'd had more than enough time to get used to it—still, she could tell it startled Sam as well. Eddie glanced between them, before starting in casually: "You know, Mr. Hikamori, for a guy who claims to love the Great American Eighties, I have yet to see you prove it. What do you say to a duet?"
"You're on." Mr. Hikamori laughed and followed Eddie out of their booth. He clapped a hand to Sam's shoulder, before moving off after Eddie to hunt for the bucket.
"Thank you," Sam said quietly once Hikamori was out of earshot.
His gratitude surprised Trinity. She set her drink down and turned into him "For what?" she asked.
"For going up there with me. For being more than just a cheerleader tonight." Sam's hand found her knee beneath the table and squeezed it. She didn't draw back. "No, that's not right. I'm not giving you enough credit. You've always been more than just a cheerleader, Trinity. You...thank you. We couldn't have locked in this client without you."
What could she say to that? How could she tell Sam that his gratitude meant more to her than even the unexpected kiss they shared? He was seeing her—really seeing her—when so often in their marriage she had felt overlooked and unappreciated.
Trinity's hands hovered indecisively in her lap. She longed to slide her fingers over Sam's, to fit them in between his knuckles and lace their hands together on her knee. A more physical, needy part of her ached for the hand on her knee to ascend up her skirt, without any permission or guidance. She wanted Sam to take advantage of their sudden privacy the same way he had taken advantage of his time on stage. She wanted to see a side of him he had never shown her before. She wanted him to blow her away.
"Oh, and Sam?"
Trinity jumped, and Sam's hand withdrew as Eddie unexpectedly returned to the table. He swooped in and snatched Sam's Manhattan for himself, raising his eyebrows as he leaned in. "I've been thinking more about that sexual harassment seminar. Maybe I'm not the one that would benefit the most from it, you know?"
"Eddie." Sam hissed the warning between his teeth. Trinity turned away to hide her amused smile. She pretended to admire the bar's reproduction of "Dogs Playing Poker" hanging overhead.
"I'm just saying." Eddie clapped his brother on the shoulder, a lot harder than Mr. Hikamori's earlier pat of approval. "I'm not the one kissing Jameson Agency employees."












Chapter Five

Sam




The cool kiss of the frosted beer in his hand, unlike other kisses experienced this past week, was grounding. The shape of the pint glass perfectly complemented the American Imperial Stout he drank, and Sam took another sip to make sure every detail still tied together the way he wanted.
Eddie's brownstone was as expansive as it was expensive; still, Sam preferred to work from the solitary table by the window rather than take over Eddie's (admittedly unused) office space. The sun was just beginning to set below the New York City skyline, its filtered rays throwing an inconvenient glare across his laptop screen. He shook out his sleeve and checked his watch. He'd been at it for a cumulative four hours, with only occasional pauses to stand and stretch and top off his stout. Anyone else would be satisfied in calling it a day, but Sam was determined to work out the rest of his plan for networking the L.A. event. The sooner he completed the brainstorming stage, the sooner he could get to work on solidifying every detail of the important evening. He liked to know far in advance what he was heading into.
A knock at the door roused him from contemplation. Sam blinked and glanced across the room, unsure if he had heard right and disinterested in investigating.
"You forget your key again? It's open," he called out to his brother. His gaze returned to his computer screen, but snapped back up the next instant when he saw the long-legged figure folding itself through the doorway.
"Sam!” Trinity exclaimed in bewilderment. "I thought I recognized your voice! I mean, not that I wouldn't…anyway. What are you doing here?"
Sam sat back, any thoughts of completing his networking plan now out the window. "I'm staying with Eddie while I'm in town."
Trinity raised an eyebrow. "What? The two of you are staying here together?"
"Our schedules rarely allow us to cross paths," Sam replied. "In fact, I'm not sure why he even pays rent on this place. He may as well have never left Barbados for all the time he spends here."
"You’d like that, wouldn't you?" Trinity mused as she set her bag down by the door. Sam watched her body bend in a graceful, unselfconscious arc, and couldn't find the words to argue for or against her statement. Would he have liked to have avoided being called across the country to be put in charge of onboarding his idiot brother? Of course. Would he have resisted the assignment as strongly, knowing she would be around every corner? He found it increasingly doubtful.
He decided to ignore Trinity's bait. He didn't want to start a fight, at least not this early in the evening. Perhaps an argument was unavoidable, but that didn't mean he couldn't attempt to table it for now. "I assume Eddie's the one you're here to see," he said as he rose. He closed his laptop and pushed it aside.
Trinity nodded, her loose hair falling over one shoulder. She was dressed casually, but she looked no less beautiful for it: her hair was damp from a recent shower, and her makeup was minimal, but her natural radiance was undeniable. "I just wanted to swing by and congratulate him personally," she explained as she toed off her shoes. Sam raised an eyebrow, but didn't comment on her clear intention to stay. He was afraid of spooking her. "I just got an e-mail that Eddie's landed a meeting with Goldfinch. They want to sign with us."
"Goldfinch? As in Adrianna Goldfinch?" Sam stared at Trinity as he tried to assess whether she was joking. He decided it was more efficient to just come out and voice his doubts. "You've got to be kidding me."
"Nope." She was suppressing a smile, that much he could see, but it didn't look to be at his expense. Her eyes shone with her own excitement at the news. "Eddie did what the rest of us couldn't. All it took was a phone call and Goldfinch is snared. They don't want anyone else to represent them."
"I must be dreaming," Sam muttered. "Nobody can get on the phone with Adrianna, much less get her to sign."
"I'd all but given up on them," Trinity agreed. She returned his smile with an ecstatic one of her own, finally acknowledging her own excitement. The expression was enchanting. If there hadn't already been a history between them, Sam would have been intent on making some tonight after a smile like that.
She continued to hover in the doorway, and seemed suddenly uncertain about whether she should enter. Sam rose and crossed decisively to the liquor cabinet. "Let's celebrate," he said as he pulled open the tiny glass door. "What will you be drinking? The usual?"
"Look at you," Trinity said approvingly as she alighted on a stool at the kitchen's bar to watch him work. "Drinking? 'Celebrating'? Don't tell me you've actually learned to cut loose a little out there on the West Coast."
"You just like to pretend I'm a monster who doesn't know how to have fun."
"Who's pretending?" Trinity inquired. She batted her eyes, and Sam snorted. He was in too good a mood to dispute the point further. He pulled the freezer open, but Trinity held her hand out before he could go for the gin.
"I'll have a Manhattan, actually."
"Look at you," Sam echoed, but he couldn't ignore the way his stomach flipped at Trinity's sudden change in preference. A Manhattan was his favorite drink. He closed the freezer and went for the whiskey instead. "Is bourbon okay?"
"As long as it's in the proper glass."
Sam snorted. "Can we joke about something else other than my…proclivities this evening?"
"I don't mind staying on the subject of proclivities." Trinity leaned on her elbows and rested her chin in her hands. Sam tried not to let on that he watched her watch him as he went about measuring out her drink. "I've missed this. Watching you make drinks. If you weren't—you know, a zillionaire—you'd be a killer bartender, Sam."
"I can be both," Sam replied. "Although I don't think you give yourself enough credit for being my biggest fan. Then again, maybe that's purposeful."
"I am your biggest fan," Trinity said earnestly—so earnestly that he knew it couldn't be anything other than a joke. "I'm serious, Sam. If you wanted to forget all this ad agency nonsense and open up a bar somewhere, I'd be first in line."
"No you wouldn't," he said, "because I'd never make you wait. I'd have the bouncer maintain a long queue for appearance's sake, but there are no lines where you're concerned."
"That's no way to run a business," Trinity mused as he slid the Manhattan her way. "I'd be your only customer if you kept everyone else out."
"It'd be the only way I could get you alone." The words were out of his mouth before he could think of a way to terminate the fantasy. This sudden segue back into reality wasn't one he had planned on, but Trinity didn't look affronted by the turn. If anything, she was looking at him with an expression of cautious optimism.
"You've got me alone now," she murmured.
As if Sam wasn't aware. As if every time he looked at Trinity, sitting there with her legs crossed, he wasn't as blown away by her as the first time he ever laid eyes on her. He stayed in the kitchen, keeping the breakfast bar between them for her sake. He didn't know what he might be tempted to do without a physical boundary.
"But I haven't got you," he insisted.
"No," Trinity agreed. "You haven't got…me."
"And maybe…" He leaned his hip into the counter in the quest to be nearer to her. "…that's too much to ask right now. You've always known I was a shrewd negotiator. I'm used to coming out on top."
"All or nothing," she volunteered in a whisper.
"But I'm willing to revisit my original offer," he persisted. "I want to take you out on a date. Please, Trinity. I'm asking you to give us a second chance."
He waited with bated breath for her response. Trinity fingered the stem of the cherry garnishing her Manhattan, sliding it around and around. No clear acceptance of his offer came, but no ready rejection either.
Maybe she just needed that extra push.
Sam came around the side of the bar. Trinity sat back in her stool, and lifted her eyes to study him. He was close enough that he could see the gorgeous starbursts of brown in her otherwise green eyes; as he watched, her pupils expanded a little. He had read somewhere once that dilating pupils gave away unvoiced attraction.
He decided it was more than enough to work with.
Sam slid his hand along her cheekbone, and watched as Trinity's eyes fluttered closed at his touch. Did she know how her gaze had betrayed her? Did she care? This was finally happening. It was a homecoming, yet Sam felt as if he was allowing himself to touch Trinity for the first time. She was the same woman he had married, and yet she was also all-new. There were depths to her, experiences, that they hadn't shared—that he needed to know.
And anyway, the karaoke kiss was too good not to repeat.
Sam leaned in. Trinity parted her lips at the last moment to receive him, and his mouth collided with hers. She had yet to taste the Manhattan he had made for her, but her essence was sweet all the same: she tasted like spearmint, and he leaned in to sample her further. His tongue swept the seam of her lips and she parted for him obediently, instinctively. It was the old signal, and she couldn't help but respond now with an invitation. Sam thrust his tongue past her teeth into the warm satin of her mouth, and Trinity moaned at the intrusion. Her tongue rose to greet his, and in his eagerness to savor every inch of her, Sam nearly pushed her off the stool.
Trinity's hands came up to cling onto his shoulders as his fingers threaded down to the roots of her hair. He made a fist; she gasped. She let him tug her head back, exposing the exquisite column of her throat, and his lips returned to relish the region that had been denied him so long. He nipped and kissed his way along her neck until she was practically trembling to pieces beneath him.
"Sam…" His name escaped her quivering lips. Sam groaned his response and shifted closer. His free hand found the curve of Trinity's waist, and he dragged her off of the stool before she could form a real protest. Her gasp of surprise cut off whatever defense she had been ready to mount.
Not this time, Sam thought as he pushed her back against the wall. He pinned her wrists together above her head as she squirmed half-heartedly. Not again. You can't deny this thing between us anymore. I won't let you.
"I have to have you, Trinity." His fingers glided down to her cleavage and began to push their way beneath her collar. The top button on her blouse worked itself loose, then another, until his hand disappeared completely beneath her shirt. "Come back to me," he murmured. His lips were so close he tasted the aroused little catch in her breath. His cock stirred to life between his legs. His invading fingers pushed past the stiff scalloped fabric of an unfamiliar bra, but he knew too well what lay beneath it. Trinity's nipple was already taut by the time he overtook it.
He felt like a climber rediscovering a well-loved peak. He pinched and rolled the flesh, and lost himself in the keening noises she made. His mouth found the curve of her neck again, and he flicked his tongue out to catch a bead of perspiration that trickled down from her temple. He palmed the entirety of her breast, giving it a gentle, but no less possessive squeeze; her answering moan was winded, wanton. Sam pulled his hand back to start undressing her in earnest. He was confident she would let him.
The front door handle jiggled. The two of them leapt apart like guilty children caught with their hands in the cookie jar. Sam turned, shielding Trinity from view as she hastily buttoned her blouse. He heard the telltale sound of a key being twisted inside an already disengaged lock. By the time Eddie figured out how to admit himself into his own apartment, Sam was back in the kitchen, and Trinity was perched on her stool as if nothing untoward had ever passed between them. As if Sam hadn't just been fondling her naked breast seconds before, and as if her nipples weren't still rigid with the memory.
"Hey, Trinity! You made it!" Eddie called out happily. Sam had to turn away and pretend to busy himself with mixing another Manhattan to buy himself time to cool down. His half-drained stout still sat on the table by the window.
"Hey Eddie." If Trinity's voice sounded less enthused than it should have given the circumstances, Eddie was beyond noticing. He tossed his coat down on the couch and loosened his tie as he joined them.
"You guys celebrating without me?" He clapped Sam on the back and leaned over his shoulder. "That drink for me? It better be. Today I pulled off the impossible."
"So I heard." Sam passed Eddie the Manhattan, and watched him drain it in a single appreciative gulp. "That's not a shot," he noted darkly as Eddie passed him the glass back for a refill.
"You haven't even let us toast you yet!" Trinity manufactured a laugh—it sounded forced to Sam's ears, anyway—and raised her own untouched drink. "To Eddie! The rising star of Jameson Ad Agency! Here's hoping there are many more incredible conquests in your future."
"To Eddie," Sam repeated.
"To me," Eddie said gleefully. He pointed to a far corner of the room like he was Babe Ruth calling a home run. "And to the babelicious burlesque girls that are going to help me win a continuing contract!"
"Burlesque girls?" Sam echoed. Though he had never patronized a club personally, an immediate image of jouncing breasts and helicoptering tassels came into his head. Trinity turned to him with a sharp look, clearly not liking his tone, but the more Sam registered what he had just heard, the more he couldn't believe it. "You've got to be fucking kidding me."
"No joke," Eddie said. "I've already set up the dinner meeting for…"
"You're setting us up for scandal. Again!" Sam interrupted him fiercely. "The contract with Goldfinch is practically signed, in your hands, and you decide to, what—surprise Adrianna Finch by taking her out to see a bunch of naked girls gyrate in tearaway bikinis? Why is it so hard for you to follow the God damn company rules?"
"Easy, Sam." Eddie looked legitimately confused by Sam's words: his expressive eyebrows pulled together, and his mouth formed a puzzled half-smile that Sam had seen get him out of plenty of uncomfortable confrontations (usually with women) before. "It's just The Bombshell Factory down on New Brooklyn. Everyone's talking about it."
"And you're okay with this?" He threw his question pointedly toward Trinity.
"I'm sorry, but why wouldn't I be?" she demanded. She crossed her arms over her breasts, as if she already suspected the direction he was heading, but intended to make him say it anyway.
It had all the signs of a trap, but Sam was all too happy to oblige. "Do you really want prospective clients to think our agency subscribes to this crass party boy culture? Promotes it, even? Do you really think that's an acceptable image for us? Don't you find it the least bit degrading?"
"I assure you that I personally find nothing misogynistic about this arrangement," she replied. "And that there is nothing that would be publicly scandalous about the placement of this meeting. The Bombshell Factory is hands-down the new 'it' club, and the fact that Eddie even secured a reservation is something of a miracle. Most people I know find burlesque shows fun and empowering—including myself. He's not taking them to a strip club, Sam."
"And frankly, I find your own presumption sexist," Eddie interjected self-righteously. "Trinity, with your permission, I'd like to revisit the idea that Sam is the one in dire need of that live workshop course you—"
"Eddie," Trinity said. "Shut up." Eddie complied with an immediate click of his jaw. Trinity's hazel eyes lit on Sam. "But he has a point. All this focus on Eddie's behavior is ignoring a bigger problem, Sam: your behavior. Your inflexibility is more than just an adherence to the rules—it's actively threatening to set us back in our process."
"What are you talking about?" he demanded. An inner part of him broke off to watch the exchange, viewing their argument from a dejected distance. "If you want to accuse me of anything, you should focus on the fact that I am the only person in this room fighting to make sure Eddie fulfills every requirement so he can succeed!"
"You jumped to conclusions, and let your obsession with the rules get in the way of appreciating a creative win!" she retorted. "Sam, can't you see it? This is what always happens with you! I thought you were getting better. The other night at karaoke you…" She cut herself off abruptly and shook her head, as if she was already trying to shed her memories of that night. Sam's gut twisted. "But now I can see that I was wrong. You're farther from being able to compromise than ever before!"
The room lapsed into an uncomfortable silence. Eddie glanced between them, and Sam realized that every party to the argument knew what it was really about.
Trinity was the one to break the stillness first. She averted her eyes to the floor, smoothed her already impeccable hair and turned to leave. "I'll be in touch," she muttered as she put her shoes on and snatched up her purse. "Congrats, Eddie. William counts this as a win."
Her words left a sting that lasted long after the door had slammed shut behind her. Sam stood, staring at the door, willing Trinity to return and willing himself to make that impossible change that everyone else seemed to be calling for. How was he supposed to learn to rework his standards...and maybe not have so many to start with? How was it so easy for everyone around him to just go with the flow?
The silence was broken again, this time by a resounding snap! as an ice cube fractured and sank lower in Trinity’s untouched Manhattan.
"Anyone going to drink that?" Eddie asked in the tone of a rhetorical question.












Chapter Six

Split




"Are you serious?" Trinity demanded.
"Yeah." Eddie was quick to pile onto her incredulity. "Is that even really you, Sam? Because I never thought I'd hear the word 'compromise' come out of your mouth. Who are you and what have you done with my brother?"
Sam sat at the kitchen table in the brownstone, alone, with his laptop folded open in front of him. Eddie's image occupied one side of the group chat, Trinity's the other. Sam had been up all night brainstorming a way to get back into their (mainly Trinity's) good graces, and now that he was pitching it to them, he couldn't stop trying to read every little detail of his ex-wife's expression. He tried to forget about their more intimate encounter the other night and just focus on the work to be done, but every time she shifted her shoulder, and he saw the bra strap peeking out from underneath the wide collar of her T-shirt, his concentration flew out the window.
"If you jesters are finished throwing my olive branch back in my face, I'd like you to seriously consider my offer," he replied. "A communication workshop would not only occupy an unfilled slot in the agency's workshop series, but it will also showcase Eddie and help dispel any rumors that he's unfit and ill-equipped. We can explain our...differing strategies in a professional environment with a panel discussion followed by a Q&A. And we can make 'compromise' one of the main themes of the workshop: why it's important, when to look for it, and how to achieve it. William has already signed off on my idea."
Eddie and Trinity exchanged looks; or at least, they did as well as they could considering they were confined to little boxes on a computer screen.
"He may have signed off on it, but what about scheduling?" Trinity asked. "Do we have a room? A time? The workshop series is right around the corner. It might be too late to get attendees on board."
"We'll make attendance mandatory for employees," Sam said.
"Of course we will," she responded.
"I mean, I think this might actually be a good idea, Trini," Eddie said. "You know I'm good on my feet. And I can get more facetime with agency employees this way. It might be a good way to get ahead of any gossip that would surround the onboarding and let everyone see firsthand that I'm a competent professional." Eddie craned closer to his screen and nearly connected with his camera nose-first. Sam sighed as he watched his brother battle with his newly-issued company laptop; the picture pitched horizontal, and a splash could be heard in the background as Eddie lunged for his computer. "Holy shit! That was a close one!" Eddie laughed as the picture righted.
"Eddie, are you in the bathtub?" Trinity exclaimed shrilly.
"Not a bathtub. Jacuzzi!" Eddie lifted his laptop to give them all a better look at the roiling jets and rooftop view. "Want to guess where I am tonight? Better yet, want to guess what color trunks I'm wearing?" He waggled his eyebrows. To call the expression 'suggestive' would be to misunderstand the very concept of subtlety.
"Ugh! Just...try not to kill yourself before the workshop," Trinity ordered him. "I don't need any more messes to clean up. What I do need is coffee. Excuse me, Eddie. Sam. I'll see you at our next meeting." Sam could have sworn he saw a flash of approval in her eyes as she nodded to him. Her screen went black and minimized as she hung up the call.
"That sound like a 'yes' to you?" Sam inquired.
"That sounded like a 'yes' to me," Eddie agreed. "You're in, bro. As far as I'm concerned the panel's on. And it's probably a good thing she didn't guess about my swim trunks, because I'm not wearing any." Eddie grinned, and Sam massaged his forehead with his fingertips. "Not a great segue, but want to come over? I'll text you the address. I'm housesitting for Greg and his place is cush. He puked at your wedding, remember?"
"I remember," Sam replied. "Have a good afternoon, Eddie."
He ended the call and sat back. He flung his arms wide, stretching, and found there was less tension in his shoulders than there had been previously. He decided he'd go for a run...in a bit. Right now, he wanted to bask in his success. He had finally brainstormed an idea that Trinity seemed willing to get behind—and it was an idea that would also thrust Eddie into a favorable light within the company culture. There was no way his brother could fuck up something so straightforward on his watch.
So long as he convinced William to put him fully in charge, he didn't see how anything could possibly go wrong.
* * *
"...and you just know Sam's going to find a way to control everything about the workshop!" Trinity groused. "I'm not even sure he knows what 'compromise' means. And now he wants to make that the overarching theme of the talk? He'll beat his own fucked-up definition of the word into the minds of our attendees like a square peg into a round hole!"
"Hmmm. Haven't heard that one in a while." Jessica, her best friend—and once maid of honor—sat across from her at their usual coffee table and blew the steam off her Americano. "All I know is that's the third metaphor I've heard you use this morning that's involved trying to fit something into a hole. Sounds like someone needs to get laid."
Trinity bristled. "I'm not...I don't...look, don't you think I've been trying to get laid?"
"No," Jessica deadpanned. "I don't."
Trinity wanted to rise and storm out to exemplify the injustice of Jessica's claim, but she couldn't retreat. This relationship-talk terrain was too precious to lose. "I've been going to all these singles' functions, haven't I?" she pointed out. "I'm going to ballroom dancing tonight. I'm actually enjoying my life, unlike Sam!"
"Mhmmm." Jessica pushed her blond curls back and took a stab at the chocolate muffin they shared.
"I just wish he'd acknowledged the other night," Trinity muttered. "Considering it's Sam, I guess this whole workshop scheme is the best resolution I can hope for. Obviously our...meeting at the brownstone has been on his mind, it's just…" She shook her head in exasperation. She wanted to discuss the moment she had shared with Sam, but she wanted to do it with him.
She could still feel the wet heat of his mouth on her neck, and the warm imprint of his hand beneath her shirt. She had let her own touch linger over her breast in the shower that morning; she had even let herself imagine for a moment that he was there.
"What happened the other night?" Jessica's prompting drew her out of her daydream. She leaned in, and Trinity retreated by pretending to check her phone. "Oh, come on, Trinity! Spill!"
"He's just...always around now," Trinity said. "We have a lot of things to discuss between us. In general. Work things."
Jessica sat back and pursed her lips. She didn't look convinced, and Trinity didn't blame her—it was a weak cover. "All right. I'm going to run with what you just said, since it's obviously all I'm going to get out of you for now. Why do you want to work with Sam again?"
Trinity blinked. "I'm not...we're partners in onboarding Eddie. William's the one who set it up."
"And William only agreed to this workshop after Sam pitched it to him," Jessica pointed out. "You could have said no. Sounds to me like you're taking your partnership extracurricular."
Trinity opened her mouth to protest, before biting down on her tongue when she realized she had no good defense. Instead, she took a defiant sip of her coffee, even though she knew it was still too hot, and she wound up singeing off every taste bud in one fell swig. She tried to conceal her wince.
"Don't you want Sam to go?" Jessica asked her. "The sooner the onboarding's over, the sooner he's back in L.A., right? So why fill every hour of every day with whatever emotionally-stunted attempts to win you back he can come up with?"
"Jessica!" Trinity didn't know why she leapt to Sam's defense now, after using the term herself. "I'm not...he's not...give me that." She reached across the table for the muffin, but Jessica pinned the plate with her finger.
"Quit trying to distract me. You're the one who invited me out this morning insisting you wanted my advice. Well, I'm going to give it to you: don't let Sam back in."
Jessica levelled her sharp blue eyes at Trinity, but all Trinity could think about in that moment was Sam's eyes, and how—when you looked close enough—you could see that they had a little black ring around the outside that only made them glow more brightly by contrast....
"Are you still in love with him?" Jessica asked skeptically.
Trinity opened her mouth for easy denial, but suddenly found her throat was too dry to cooperate. She would take another sip of her Americano to work the words loose if it wasn't so damn hot. She pressed her lips together, swallowed, and tried again.
Silence.
"Oh my God," Jessica said.
"I have to go." Trinity shoved her chair out and rose. "This was supposed to be my day off, but now I have to call William about the workshop. The muffin's all yours."
"Who gives a shit about the muffin?" Jessica interrupted. "Trinity, I'm serious! Are you really considering giving Sam a second chance? This is so not a good idea!"
"If Sam can't prove to me that he's changed...if he can't even bring himself to acknowledge why our marriage failed in the first place...then I'll be done with him," Trinity promised her.
Jessica folded her arms and sat back in her chair. "Are you telling me that, or are you just telling yourself that?"
I wish I knew anymore, Trinity thought as she navigated through the tables toward the exit. "I'll call you after my class!" she called over her shoulder.
"You need to get laid!" Jessica shouted back. Trinity doubled her pace to avoid the alarmed glances she was suddenly getting from strangers on all sides of the room.
God damn you Jessica...the last thing I need is for you to be right about that too.












Chapter Seven

Trinity




Dance class was meant to be an exercise in stress reduction for Trinity. She worked hard all day for the whip-cracking Jameson brothers, and she deserved a break to pursue some physical release...because she sure as hell wasn't getting laid.
"Damn you, Jessica," Trinity muttered as she scrolled through her texts. Cursing her best friend had become the day's mantra. Sometimes Jessica was too perceptive when it came to knowing the more intimate details of Trinity's nonexistent love life. What the hell was that about, anyway? Did she wear it on her face?
Would Sam know all her attempts to find a date since their divorce had ended in abject failure?
Trinity shook her head to dispel the thought. When had Sam ever noticed anything in the past? Moreover, why did she care now? She sighed as she pocketed her phone, and glanced around at the rest of her class. She had arrived early, and was now stuck waiting out on the sidewalk until the last class got out. It was important for her to attend these sorts of activities—at least, if the post-divorce blog her mother had forwarded her was to be believed. It wasn't healthy to throw herself wholesale into work and work alone.
Especially not when her ex-husband was also an employee of the same company.
For a moment, Trinity blamed her drifting thoughts for making her see Sam in the figure jogging toward her down the sidewalk. She had always known Sam to be a morning runner, so there was no chance of her seeing him out in the New York evening, no matter how she might—
"Trinity?"
"Fuck," she whispered under her breath. The jogger was Sam. He had stalled upon spotting her, but now trotted forward to join her.
He pulled his headphones from his ears and glanced around. She watched him take in the couples milling about, and saw his usual stony expression take hold. She pressed her lips together to keep from smiling too obviously at his clear disapproval. He was sure to voice what was bothering him any second now.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you," he said stiffly. She felt certain he would have bowed himself out were this a more antiquated era. "This looks like...well, it doesn't matter what it looks like. I assume you're meeting someone here."
"You assume wrong, Sam." She offered a quick correction before she could think to stop herself. "I always come to this class solo. I'm used to dancing as a single. Sometimes the partnered men even dance with me out of pity."
"I doubt it’s pity," Sam said. His eyes lingered appreciatively on the way her tights hugged her legs beneath the translucent fabric of her flower print skirt. Trinity didn't bother offering another correction to set him straight. The truth was plenty of men had offered themselves up to be her partner in the past. It was the permanence of the potential arrangement that scared her, and her fear of committing herself to letting a man take the lead had everything to do with her failed marriage to Sam. It was something she had been working to get over, but she was finding it a little hard to progress when the reason for her isolation stood in front of her looking as if he'd just walked off the cover shoot for a men's fitness magazine.
"I'll dance with you," Sam offered.
For a moment, Trinity wasn't sure if she had heard him right. The old Sam—which she was fairly certain was the same Sam she was talking to—would have never agreed to something like this, much less volunteered himself. She blinked a few times just to make sure she wasn't hallucinating the uncharacteristic offer.
Sam started to replace his earbuds. "Sorry. That was forward of me. Just if you find yourself in need of a partner…"
"I do have needs, Sam!" she exclaimed abruptly. Several nearby couples turned their heads, and their sudden rapt attention made Trinity wish she could walk right out into the street and disappear down an open manhole. "I mean...I'd hate to interrupt your run."
There was an obvious smile tugging at the edges of Sam's lips, but he kept a careful mastery of it. Trinity was both relieved and perplexed that he wouldn't just let it go. She had made an obvious Freudian slip: why didn't he just let himself laugh? Was he afraid she would shout him off the sidewalk?
Was his fear justified?
This last thought jolted her. Sam had seized every opportunity to reconnect with her since returning to New York, and she had consistently shut the door on him...except for all those times she hadn't. Forget stolen glances: she had let her ex-husband kiss her, caress her, and she hadn't done a damn thing about it except push each dalliance further, until some interruption inevitably brought her back to her senses.
Oh God. Was Jessica right about me needing to get laid?
"I can finish my run later," Sam said as he stowed his headphones in his pocket. "But is this okay to wear? I'd hate for you to invite me in only to watch me get kicked out immediately."
Trinity blushed. "Yes. That will be fine. All the men wear athletic clothes, only…"
"Only what?"
"Only none make them look as good as you do. Oh hey, they're opening the doors." She snagged hold of Sam's arm and steered him up the steps alongside the other couples.
Sam dipped his head down to whisper in her ear: "Don't think I didn't hear you compliment me."
Trinity gave him a little shove toward the sign-in table. "I hope you have your wallet, because I'm not paying for you."
"I wouldn't dream of asking," Sam deflected as he pulled his wallet out of his pocket. Trinity saw the flash of credit cards and crisp mint-green bills as he paid, and something more...a flash of gold in the form of a wrinkled square of plastic.
It was a Magnum condom. She read the label before Sam closed his wallet and returned it to his pocket. When he turned back to her and saw her expression, he raised an eyebrow. "Everything all right?" he asked her.
Trinity flushed. "Yes. I just need to stretch. Come on." She took his hand and led him through the nearest doorway. The classroom was already full of couples wandering about; some of the more serious among them were already taking turns in one another's arms to stretch their legs up and scissor them at improbable angles.
"I take back some of the shit I used to talk about ballroom dance. Stretch away," Sam invited as soon as they found a corner to occupy. "I'll do anything I can to help."
Trinity flushed. "I'm nowhere near that flexible," she muttered as she braced herself on his shoulders. She swept her right leg out behind her and leaned a little, until she felt the pleasurable tug of muscles being pulled.
"I beg to differ." Sam's hands hovered near her shoulders in case she pitched sideways. She could feel their heat radiating near her skin. At his words, Trinity quickly stepped back and continued stretching on her own...but there was no avoiding the reality of Sam's arms once the instructor started up the music. He was her partner now, after all. It's not as if they could execute even the most minor ballroom moves without touching.
Maybe this had been a mistake.
Sam glanced around as the other couples flowed into position with each other, summoned by the slow, gentle melody. It was a familiar routine, and the easiest for beginners to master.
"We don't have to worry about the steps if you don't want to," she mentioned. He was clearly analyzing the movements of the couple beside them. She had made the same mistake when she first started out, and her personal quest for perfection had only gotten in the way of her enjoying herself. "Just do it like we did on our wedding day. You can follow my lead if you want."
"Then it wouldn't be like it was on our wedding day," Sam said. He surprised her by reaching for her hand and tugging her to him decisively; she stumbled into his chest, and privately chastised herself for letting her hands linger on his pectorals. Had they always been that tight?
"Are you...seeing anybody while you're in New York?" The question had sounded more discreet when she thought it up originally. Sam gazed down at her curiously as he took her in his arms. He obviously detected an undercurrent to her question. Trinity sighed. "I noticed the condom in your wallet," she admitted as they began to move to the music.
"Oh. That." Sam chuckled. "I've had it since we broke up. Never found an occasion to use it."
Trinity nearly sighed aloud with relief, but managed to master the impulse. Thankfully, Sam appeared to be so focused on where to put his feet that he didn't notice her expression. He half-hopped to avoid a sweep of her toe, and threw himself off-balance as a result. When his heel came down to catch his weight, it was on the lip of her shoe.
"Ow!" Trinity exclaimed. The male half of a couple beside them quickly redirected his partner away from the unfolding catastrophe.
"Sorry," Sam said. "I didn't mean to catch you unawares."
"You just made a mistake, Sam," she muttered. "It happens."
"I don't think I did."
Trinity couldn't help but give a short laugh at the absurdity of his claim. "Everyone makes mistakes when they're first starting out! Are you telling me you've perfected the moves already, and I'm the one tripping you up?"
"There was a skip in the music," he said stubbornly. "It's to be expected when you use an old stereo like that." He tried to nod over her shoulder, and his forehead collided with hers.
"Ow, Sam!" Trinity broke from him and took a staggered step back, clutching her forehead. "Did you actually just head butt me?"
"Everything all right over there?" The instructor called from the sidelines. "Do you need assistance?"
"No!" they both chorused back. The instructor put up his hands and backed off.
Trinity cut Sam a quick look of disapproval. "Why is it so hard for you to just admit when you need help?" she demanded.
His grip on her waist tightened. "I could ask you the same question."
"Don't try and turn this around on me. I'm the one with the relevant experience here! Just because you aren't perfect right out of the gate doesn't mean you can't listen and accept outside assistance to improve."
"I can listen, Trinity," Sam stressed. "I can accept." He yanked her close, but didn't resume dancing. It was like he was suddenly petrified of making the wrong move.
"Then prove it," she said softly. "Follow my lead. Imitate the steps I'm taking. See?" She began swaying her body in time to the music, and Sam's body soon mirrored her rhythm. When she took a step back, she urged Sam to take a step forward to keep their hips aligned. It took several more tries before he seemed to get the hang of it. "I want you to know I'm a safe person to screw up in front of, Sam. Maybe I never made it clear before." They turned together, and Trinity laid her head against his shoulder. "I'm not going to judge you, or think less of you, just because you're not always perfect at everything right out of the gate. That sounds exhausting, if you ask me."
The hand that held hers tightened a little. She reciprocated.
"One person may have to take the lead, but you can't sustain a real partnership without accepting input from your partner," she said. "Here now: I'll follow you."
They revolved together slowly in silence in the aftermath of her claim. Sam's steps were still halting, but Trinity thought she felt him finally loosening his stranglehold on their positioning. He stared past her shoulder at the far wall; she wondered if he was listening to her words on mental replay, over and over, trying to dissect their meaning and apply them to every argument they had ever had in the past. Trinity dropped her head against his shoulder.
God, he smelled good. Even after his interrupted jog, he still smelled like the same body wash she had always known him to wear: slightly astringent with a kick of cinnamon. Trinity inhaled again.
They swayed more gracefully together with each turn around the dance floor. She didn't have to glance around at the other couples to know they were making up the steps, but she didn't care; they had finally fallen into a rhythm that enabled them to work in unison without literally stepping on each other's toes. What's more, she found herself starting to enjoy just how closely they were dancing together.
Sam dropped his head and breathed against her neck. Trinity closed her mouth over a startled moan; when she attempted to straighten in his arms, Sam's hand pressed against the small of her back and pulled her closer. She could feel the swell of his erection steadily growing against her inner thigh.
"Sam…"
"Is there a bathroom around here?" he rumbled in her ear. Trinity shivered at the seemingly innocuous question; there was nothing innocent about his tone of voice.
"Down the hallway and to the right."
"Show me."
She took his hand and pulled him obediently after her. She didn't stop to question what she was doing, or what awaited her once they were out of view of the others. All she could think about was Sam's hand constricting around hers, and the little encouraging pulse it gave when he sensed her momentary hesitation by the door.
They didn't make it down the hallway and to the right. They made it five steps and to the left, where Sam discovered a storage closet; he shoved the door handle down, and when it gave, pulled her after him. She came all too willingly, her skirt only narrowly avoiding getting caught in the door as it swung shut behind them.
Sam didn't need a light to see by. His hot mouth found her in the darkness before she could get a word out, and Trinity was completely content to leave what they were about to do unvoiced. She kicked off her heels as Sam forced her back into the recesses of the closet. She hopped once, twice, and her legs came up to wrap themselves around his waist as his powerful arms cemented her against him. The maneuver was effortless, their choreography off the dance floor more than memorized by now. The instructions were written into their bloodstreams.
"Sam!" His name burst from her lips as her back connected with a low shelf. She arched herself into him and winced, and Sam grunted. He pulled her away from the shelf in a shower of falling cleaning supplies and pressed her back into the bare wall.
"I need you," he panted into her neck. His voice was ragged, his eyes downcast and hidden by his mussed hair. Trinity shuddered. She had never known him to give over so recklessly to his own desire before. She didn't doubt his need. How could she? She could feel his erection through the massive tent he had pitched in his shorts.
And her need was equal to his.
She stripped his shorts from him as best she could manage, but he kept dragging her up to plant wet, fervent kisses all along her lips and face and neck. By the time she managed to get them both halfway undressed, she was out of her mind with need. She only barely remembered the condom in time. Almost as soon as she'd rolled it over Sam's jutting need, he had her pinned back beneath him against the wall.
"Hike your leg up," he whispered. Taking the lead as always, but Trinity didn't need his instruction to know what to do now with her body. She lifted her left leg and hooked it around his hip as he kissed her senseless. She had already shed her underwear and tights; there were no more obstacles between them.
"Is this really what you want?" His quiet question ghosted against the curve of her neck.
Trinity sighed in blissful response, and let her eyes fall shut. "More than anything, Sam."
The moment he entered her was pure, unadulterated paradise. His cock slid past her slick folds easily—she had been wet in his arms since before they got off the dance floor—and Trinity arched to accept him. It had been so long that she had forgotten just how full Sam made her, and how complete.
She glanced down between them, and a low hiss of pleasure escaped past her teeth at the sight of their joining. She hiked her leg a little higher so she could get a better view. Sam's cock was completely buried inside her. A nest of tight black corkscrew curls was all she could see pressing up against her entrance from the outside.
Heat bloomed in her belly at the erotic sight, and her head fell back. Sam was too much to take in—physically and visually—and she couldn't remember the last time she had felt as turned-on as she did in that moment.
"What are you thinking about?" Sam leaned in, and his hot breath gusted along her ear. Trinity shivered in response.
"How good we are together," she replied. "Despite ourselves. Always despite ourselves. We work well together...we live well together...and we almost dance well together."
"I couldn't agree more."
He began to move against her in a slow rhythm. His pacing off the dance floor, under the cover of illicit darkness and gripped by a desire he had no hope to easily define or control, was excruciatingly perfect—although Trinity would never tell him as much. The moment she diverted Sam's attention to his performance was the moment he got in his own way with his need to polish and execute the best possible plan.
And God, what he was doing to her now was perfect. He ground his hips against her own, withdrawing and pumping himself forward into her. His movements were a steady, methodical pulse that had nothing to do with perfection, and all to do with pleasure.
There was that element of the forbidden, too, which couldn't be denied. Sam was filling the void he had left, satisfying an itch that Trinity had nursed and never scratched in all their time apart. She shouldn't have ever let him get this far, and yet...she just couldn't help herself. She had been addicted from the moment they first started dating. Nobody could ever make her feel the way he could.
"Ah! Ah!" She had a peripheral awareness of where they were, but she couldn't keep herself from crying out in wordless ecstasy. Her ass bumped the wall, its natural swell cushioning her as Sam's hips pumped into her. He changed it up suddenly and began to thrust upward, his momentum carrying her up the wall a few inches each time. His thrusts became longer, deeper, and he moaned into her ear. Holy shit, he was so hot when he let himself get carried away like this. Was there anyone else on earth who could bring down his walls with their body alone?
Trinity tightened her thighs around him, and this time Sam gave an audible gasp as his cock slid up into her. She felt the thick head of him strike her inner trigger, and fireworks exploded behind her eyes that seemed bright enough to light up the dark broom closet. She cried out and strained against him. He groaned and knocked his forehead against her neck. Sweat-soaked strands of his hair curled and stuck to the perspiration on her skin. His hand groped its way up between them and closed gently over her mouth. It was meant to serve more as a reminder than a show of force, but the thought of him stifling her cries was almost too erotic for words.
"Shhh," he bid her. Trinity cried feebly into the palm of his hand. He had withdrawn his cock halfway, and she could feel it dripping between her legs with the slick evidence of her need. He pulled out fully and rubbed it up against her clit. She moaned against the cage of his fingers at each steady push. "You like that," he noticed. It wasn't a question. "I was married to you for five years and I didn't know that."
"Neither did I." It was all she could do from keep her voice from descending into a primal growl. Sam's steady, teasing thrusts against her were divine, but the need building in her belly wasn't going to release without him. She hopped up, using the wall at her back to brace herself as she wrapped her legs around his waist and pinned his cock between them. Before he could protest, she raised herself up and descended back down onto him.
"Oh, fuck." His hand fell away from her mouth, and he buried his lips in the crook of her neck to stifle his own groan. "You're going to make me come just by doing that." His fingers dug into her hips as if he needed to steady himself, even though he was the one with both feet planted solidly on the floor.
But she couldn't hold off any longer. Trinity revolved her hips and shoved down on him. The pressure building inside her was exactly what she needed to push herself over the edge, and she wasn't going to let Sam withhold it now. She orgasmed with a surprised cry and tightened her legs around him when she thought she would fragment in the wake of the burst. Pleasure coursed through her in pulsing waves. She continued to ride his cock in an effort to claim every little sensation it would give her. Her small, fluttering moans and undulating hips were the cause for Sam's own climax. He surged forward and pressed her hard into the wall as he came; Trinity barely noticed the cold, unyielding surface of it anymore. There was too much to relish in the fever-hot reality of Sam's body pressed up against her, coming to completion inside her.
"Mmm." Trinity sagged against the wall. Sam took her in his arms and overturned them so that his back was to the wall, and she was cradled in the tight ring of his embrace.
"Yeah." His murmur of agreement stirred the hair on her forehead, and he reached up to push it back behind her ear. Trinity burrowed in against him, enjoying the warmth of his embrace and relaxing despite herself. She had just let her ex-husband thoroughly fuck her in an unlocked closet in a very public space, but she couldn't remember the last time she had felt so safe and taken care of. Scratch that, she could remember: it was when they had still been married to one another.
"We'd better get back to the class...if it's even still going on," Trinity mentioned as she pulled back with a breathless laugh. Sam didn't let the circle of his arms break; he held her for a moment longer, as if reluctant to let the outside world back in. He released her only when his phone buzzed a notification from somewhere in the darkness. Trinity stepped back as Sam yanked his shorts up and found his cell in one of the pockets.
"Shit!" he muttered.
Trinity dropped to grope around in the darkness for her own phone. She always kept it in the side pocket of her exercise leggings...which wasn't exactly something she encouraged other agency employees to do on their days off, but she liked to be prepared in case of weekend work emergencies. She thumbed her e-mail open and studied the reminder. "Sam, it's just that networking event we told Eddie we'd go with him to. I called him earlier to let him know it conflicted with my class and he told me not to worry about it. He can handle it on his own."
The event had never been anything necessary or urgent, but the desperately unhappy expression on Sam's face was like a splash of frigid water. Trinity recognized his look; what's more, she had come to hate this response more than anything else in the entire world. Sam's mask didn't crack easily, but a scheduling mishap always brought out the worst in him. She had never seen someone so obviously broadcast their disappointment with an expression alone.
"You would have left me." It wasn't a question. Sam raised his eyes from his phone screen, and Trinity met his gaze with unflinching conviction. He ran a hand through his mussed hair as if he half-expected to step out of the closet and already be at the work function. "You would have left me, and you wouldn't have thought twice about it," she accused. "Well?"
"Trinity…"
"No, Sam. I'm done. This time I'm really done." She felt vaguely ridiculous yanking her tights on as she told him off, but maybe some of the boiling anger she radiated would make up for it. "You know what? You and your phone deserve each other. If you're going to make it—if you're going to make work—the priority over spending time with me, then go right ahead. Don't let me stop you. But don't think for a second I want to start anything with you if that's how it's going to be. My priority has always been…"
Her throat constricted around the truth and cut it off before she could speak the word: you. What a miserable confession that would be. Only a completely masochistic idiot would bare their soul like that to their workaholic ex-husband.
Sam watched her dress with a helpless expression on his face. "Trinity, what the hell did I do wrong here?" he demanded as he passed her shirt to her. Trinity snatched it from him and yanked it on over her crookedly-hanging bra; she didn't care if it was inside out or backwards or whatever. Let Sam watch how she didn't dress by the rules and suffer internally. Let every wrinkle that disrupted her appearance haunt his memory long after she had walked out of this closet.
"You can't seriously be asking me that question," she said. "Sam, we just had sex for the first time in over a year, and you look like someone poisoned the cat you didn't even know you had!"
"I see you've been talking to Eddie." His eyes narrowed. "The cat has nothing to do with this, but Eddie does. I needed to be there tonight to put out fires. To mitigate."
"To micromanage!"
"And even if I was to discount Eddie, and the onboarding, and everything else, I have perfect attendance when it comes to work functions. Had. That's completely out the window now, and it's my fault, Trinity. My oversight. I shouldn't have improvised to go along with this...this…"
Sam faltered suddenly, and Trinity turned away. She was so angry she didn't trust herself not to strangle him with his own headphone cords. "I have to go." She wasn't certain her dismissal even made sense in the context of their closet haven, but she didn't care. "Don't call me unless whatever you have to say pertains to work. That way you'll at least enjoy the conversation."
She pulled the door open and stormed out. She brushed by a few couples milling about on the staircase, but couldn't care less if they suspected where she had been or what she had done.
All that mattered was that Sam see her leave angry. She didn't want him to know that the heart she had worked so hard to mend was in very real danger of breaking again.












Chapter Eight

Sam




If Trinity was only going to respond to work memos, then she was forcing Sam's hand. There were only so many unreturned texts and unanswered voicemail messages he was willing to leave in her inbox before resorting to using the company letterhead.

Miss Jameson:
As per our discussion last week re: the application of perfectionism, I wanted you to know that you were both right and wrong in your estimation. While it's true I pursue excellence in every aspect of my life, the area where you perceive continuous oversight is where I previously devoted the most attention (with mixed results).
Your contributions to our previous "collaboration" are to be lauded. I only ever wanted to emulate your example.
Your compassion, and ability to analyze the needs of those around you, is something I have always admired. I understand now that allowing our collaboration to be so frequently interrupted in the past might have given you the impression that I lacked focus, but I want you to know I have always understood deep down what is most important. I'm sorry that I failed to convey this understanding, despite being given repeated opportunities to do so.
They were more opportunities than I deserved.
You are an exceptional partner, and I can only hope moving forward that I prove as well-suited and worthy.

The language was overdoing it, even for him, but he figured the extra formality would call her attention to the real meaning behind it. He hit 'send' and sat back in his borrowed office chair, drumming his fingers on his borrowed office desk. He gazed out the window and wondered if he should consider the New York City skyline borrowed as well.
The office he presently sat in used to belong to him before he made the decision to move out west. Now it doubled as an unofficial, and more private, conference room. Taking it over today after working out of Eddie's brownstone had been something of a bittersweet homecoming. He ran his hand along the familiar polished surface of his cherry wood desk. Everything was transparent and minimalistic in the L.A. office—even the plants, to some extent. There was a certain gravitas to old, expensive furniture.
His e-mail window flashed, and Sam craned himself forward so fast he nearly banged his knees on the desk he had just been admiring. Sure enough, the response to his memo was from Trinity.

Mr. Jameson:
Thank you for your earlier memo. I think I understand what you were attempting to say. All the same, I will have to ruminate on it.
In the meantime, I would appreciate it if you could avoid calling me 'Miss Jameson' moving forward. I have never been 'Miss Jameson'. I do note that an attempt was made re: "Miss", and admit the easiness of the error. Still, I thought I would bring it to your attention.
I will see you at the communication workshop this Thursday. I trust these memos are good practice in the meantime.

"Damn it, Trinity." It felt good to breathe life into her name after the stiffness of his memo, even with a curse.
Sam drummed his fingers again. He debated calling down to see if Trinity had come into the office today. Hell, he could call her up to him if he really wanted to...but some self-preserving instinct stayed his hand. Better not to pull rank to try and get her to talk to him. He had tried it before toward the end of their marriage, and it only succeeded in pushing her further away.
He would have to wait until the communication workshop. It was the only avenue left to him.
After that, the day of the workshop couldn't come soon enough. He woke every night leading up to it in a cold sweat, clutching the sheets and aching for the phantom body of the woman who had once been his. She would be his again; he was determined to learn from his mistakes and win her back for good.
And this time, he wouldn't let his commitment to the agency get in the way. He could have his career, and Trinity, too. Other people in his line of work found a balance.
Why couldn't he?
"Yo! Sam!" Eddie was the first to greet him the day of the workshop as Sam's limo pulled up outside the conference center. Sam got out and brushed a wrinkle from his suit, taking his time to correct his appearance
"Eddie." He gave his usual stony greeting. "Where's Trinity?"
"Here."
Both brothers turned as Trinity strolled to them. She looked stunning in a red pant suit, with bright candy-red lipstick to match and a pair of heels that were six inches of sin. She reminded Sam of the luxurious maraschino cherries he used to garnish his homemade Manhattans; he never spared any expense, and they always tasted like a small drop of heaven after the initial alcoholic rush. That was what it was like to drink in Trinity in that moment.
"I would have driven you," Sam murmured, holding the door as an excuse to whisper in her ear as they walked into the center.
"That wasn’t necessary," Trinity said breezily as she strode past him, "but I appreciate the thought."
It had been more than thought; Sam hadn't been able to resist texting her the invitation, but as with his other texts, it had gone unanswered.
They found their room and settled in behind the long table. Sam took the middle seat, and neither Trinity nor Eddie argued with the placement. He read this as a good sign. There were no early challenges to his authority, so he was hopeful yet that he would have the opportunity to split their time evenly and make sure all three of them had an equal chance to speak. He was certain that was what Trinity wanted.
"Welcome, everyone." He made the usual introductions following his greeting, and was just about to pass the baton to Trinity to start them off when Eddie spoke up unexpectedly.
"Hey guys." Eddie's dark eyes surveyed the room. "I just need to find something out. Real quick. And that is: how much does a polar bear weigh? Does anybody know?"
The front few rows exchanged looks of confusion. Several people appeared to pull out their phones to do a quick web search.
"Enough to break the ice," Eddie concluded with a crooked grin. A collective groan rose up at the terrible joke. Sam bristled; his suit suddenly felt hot and overstarched. What the hell was Eddie thinking?
"No, but seriously. Welcome everyone. I'm Eddie Jameson, and that was a bad example of an icebreaker—a very important negotiation tactic. Anyway, I assume my reputation within the company already precedes me." Eddie threw a general wink to those occupying the front row, and some quiet laughs of agreement followed.
"Maybe we had better not bring up the subject of your reputation. And I'm sure they didn't come all the way out here to listen to your poor attempts at stand-up," Sam muttered, and the laughter in the room resonated harder. He hadn't been joking, but the audience appeared to think his comment a continuation. His eyes narrowed, and he wet his lips with the intention of silencing them.
"Sam," Trinity said. She pitched her voice below what the audience could hear, and when she touched his elbow, it was below the table and out of sight. Sam turned to her, confused, until she aimed a significant look back toward Eddie. Trinity wanted him to let Eddie continue. Sam bit his tongue.
"My brother brings up a good point," Eddie continued. "In a roundabout way. At the end of the day, the important thing is to listen to your client. Offer them your expertise when they ask for it. And then, when they're ready, you offer them a solution. Clients are people, too. They have marketing goals for their products, sure, but they also have fears. They have quirks. They have preferences, and let me tell you from experience...most of the time, those preferences aren't for my dumb jokes."
The room laughed at his self-deprecation, and even Sam could appreciate Eddie admitting for a moment that his antics were vapid.
"But when our senses of humor do line up?" Eddie made to fist bump himself, but at the last second he released his fingers and laced them together. "That's where the magic happens, baby."
A few female associates in the front row giggled nervously at this. Sam suppressed a groan...or at least, he thought he did.
"Sam?" Trinity inquired. "Do you have anything to add to Eddie's statement?"
"No matter your communication style, it's important to stay within agency guidelines when engaging with a client," he began. "Although I don't always admit it out loud, I admire my brother's easy way with clients. They genuinely like him, not just for what he can do for them, but as a person. That's a rare trait in this business."
Eddie straightened a little in his chair.
"Those interpersonal relationships are important," Sam continued. "Sometimes it's the difference between keeping a client and watching that client walk away. But regardless of your communication style, you can't always pursue that connection without thinking of the consequences. Each and every one of you is a Jameson Agency representative first and foremost. You're more than just people. You're the face of this company."
"What about when client needs fall outside of standard lines?" Trinity piped in. Eddie kicked back beside Sam and grinned from ear-to-ear. He only ever smiled that broadly when he thought Sam was cornered. Sam turned his gaze on Trinity, hoping she could feel the weight of his annoyance; she just blinked her Bambi eyes innocently and waited.
They all waited.
"When client needs fall outside the—as you put it, standard line—then one way or another, the standards aren't being met." He was floundering. How could he be expected to wrap clear, concise words around a concept that he barely understood himself? "I would caution against straying into any gray areas."
"So you see things as black or white," Trinity provided. "Right or wrong. All or nothing."
"My firsthand experience tells me it's often impossible to have both." As his gaze remained trained on hers, it felt as if the room started to recede around him. Trinity's expression, as sharp as a steel trap he had just fallen victim to, began to open up. Her eyes flickered between his. Sam wondered what private admission she read there, or what it was she looked for.
"But that shouldn't stop you from trying anyway," Eddie put in. "Maybe you want one thing, and your client wants another. Build a bridge and establish a connection outside of what you both want. At the end of the day, the business communication channel benefits from opening up those other lines."
"Agreed." Trinity turned away from Sam hastily to face the audience once more.
"I agree as well," Sam said. "Eddie makes a good point. Maybe the most important point yet. If you take anything away from our panel today, then take Eddie's advice. No matter your style, it's the communication aspect that matters the most...and however you communicate with your client, you're more likely to reach a compromise if you make a continuing effort to listen to them."
Trinity was looking at him again, almost as if she couldn't quite believe he was real...or the philosophy she was now hearing. Sam tried to keep his own attention trained steadily forward. He was the middle seat, the anchor point, but the three of them were running the show together. He felt a strange surge of exhilaration at the thought of being part of such a well-oiled team. Usually he was the one expected to run things; he had never relied on anyone else in the room before.
"Any questions so far?" he asked the room.
A wave of hands went up.
* * *
"Sam!"
Sam turned where he stood on the curb outside the conference center. He watched Trinity take the steps two at a time to join him, admiring the easy way she navigated the landscape in her high heels.
"Trinity." He held up his cell. "Poor reception inside. I was just about to text William and tell him how the panel went." And send you another memo, he thought privately.
Trinity just shook her head. "You don't have to bother. I already fired off the good news myself. Besides that, the employees were buzzing after you stepped out. You can bet he'll be hearing about our success here today. Sam, did you really mean what you said in there? About compromise? And about...working as a team?"
"Every word," he agreed. Trinity stared at him for a long moment. As the seconds ticked by, Sam found himself growing increasingly uncomfortable beneath her scrutiny. There were few people who could stare him in the eyes like Trinity did. "Why? Did I say something you didn't like?"
"Hardly. That's the problem."
Sam grinned to himself, and watched as Trinity turned to continue down the sidewalk. He suddenly couldn't remember how to follow. Hell, he couldn't remember how to breathe. He was completely transfixed by her figure from behind. The red pants sheathed every twitch of her hips, and hugged the mouthwatering curves of her voluptuous ass. He couldn't identify a panty line with his eyes alone, and wondered if Trinity wore any underwear at all.
There was one easy way to answer his question.
The valet pulled his car around. Trinity raised her hand to hail a cab, and Sam snatched her wrist out of the air. He pulled the door to his own vehicle open and dragged her in the backseat after him.
"Sam!" She laughed her protestation. "What on earth—"
Much as he loved her laugh, he couldn't listen to it and kiss her at the same time. And right now, his immediate need to taste her lips trumped everything else. Sam pulled the door closed behind them and carried her down into the backseat. "Sam!" she cried out again, but his lips closed over hers and she hummed into the kiss with frustrated appreciation. His knee came up between her legs, and his hands roamed everywhere as she dragged her fingers through a few buttons of his shirt.
"Are you ballroom dancing tonight?" he asked breathlessly as he pulled away.
Trinity chuckled. "Did you come up with a new code word I'm not aware of?"
"I thought I could drop you off." Sam deliberated. "No. That's a lie. I thought I could join you."
Trinity sat up on her elbows and appeared to consider him. A shock of her dark blond hair had sprung loose from her style and fallen into her eyes. "...I don't think it's a good idea, Sam," she said finally.
"You don't sound convinced of it."
"Work might get in the way again."
"Work won't get in the way again. I promise."
"You really hurt me the other night," she insisted. "And I can't keep getting my hopes up like that. Spending all this time together outside of our professional lives...I'm just not sure it's a good idea. I think I do want it to work. I just…"
Trinity trailed off uncertainly, but in the wake of her words Sam's heart soared. She wanted to make it work. She, Trinity, the woman of his dreams who he had once had and let go. He didn't have much of an imagination when it came to a lot of things, but he had lost track of the number of times he had conceived of her saying those words since he'd come back to New York. It had gotten to the point where he had been afraid of returning home without hearing them.
"Come to L.A. with me," he said abruptly.
Trinity blinked beneath her tousled hair. "...what?"












Chapter Nine

Trinity




"I can't believe I'm doing this," Trinity muttered under her breath.
"That's the third time you've said that since you stepped off the plane," Sam mused. "I'd say you're allowed to believe it by now."
Trinity glanced across the convertible’s passenger seat at Sam. How could he look so natural, so poised and cool, sitting behind the wheel in this heat with his sunglasses on and his hair slicked back? He didn't even have his sleeves rolled up! Probably terrified of wrinkles, Trinity mused as she shaded her eyes against the glare of the sun. "Jessica's going to kill me," she said under her breath. So far she had successfully ignored the slew of texts pouring in from her best friend by being on the plane.
"I don't remember which one of your friends that is," Sam commented.
Trinity sighed and melted back into the seat. "Of course you don't."
"I'm kidding. I remember Jessica. I also seem to remember she no longer approves of me."
"Got that right." Trinity crossed her arms over her chest and smiled with satisfaction. "I took her in the divorce."
"I'm glad you have such close friends," Sam said seriously. "But now that I have you to myself for the weekend, let's talk about us. If you like, we'll do what we discussed on the flight over and check out the office before we check you into your hotel.”
"Not really the 'us' talk I was hoping to have, but fine." For now, Trinity was content to bask in the sun, and to watch him drive. She couldn't get over just how utterly captivating her brooding old lover looked in these cheerful California conditions. She could swear the extra Vitamin D had already relaxed them both more than the New York rat race ever could, but a thought continued to niggle around in the back of her mind:
Who do you have, Sam?
Surely he had friends. And if not friends, coworkers—right?
If he did, he certainly didn't appear happy at the prospect of seeing them. The grimace on his face an hour later as they strolled into the office lobby broadcast his feelings loud and clear. Thankfully, no one was around to witness the lapse in his usually perfect composure.
Trinity nudged him. "Hey. Why so grumpy all of a sudden? I thought you'd be glad to be home. Getting back has been almost all you can talk about."
"Home?" Sam echoed the word dubiously. "I don't consider any one place home. And even if I did, just look how they rearranged everything while I was gone!" He indicated the lobby with a broad sweep of his hand. Trinity pressed her lips together in an indulgent smile and looked, despite the fact that she had never known the West Coast office to be laid out otherwise. The color scheme screamed feng shui, although she wasn't certain Sam would be familiar with the concept. She reached out to caress a palm plant in passing as they continued on the tour.
"My...general approach to things doesn't always gel with my surroundings here," Sam admitted. "You know me better than anyone. I demand rigidity. Structure. I demand it of myself, and I demand it of those around me. It's less a philosophy and more a requirement."
"And the West Coast loves philosophy," Trinity guessed. "Or so you've told me."
"Exactly."
Despite Sam's best efforts to convert her to his way of thinking, she simply couldn’t enjoy the tour he gave. The offices were bright and airy; almost every room sported an open window, and the revivifying air from the nearby beach wafted in through delicate, translucent curtains. Every hallway was lit with warm, natural light. She couldn't imagine walking into an ad agency on the East Coast that boasted as much charm and character as this one.
Seeing Sam in this new context was almost funny. He looked so stiff, so wholly out of his element, that she couldn't stifle the genuine affection that rose up every time she looked at him. She watched as he tugged on his tie, barely listening to his explanation of New York's superior elevators (and the general West Coast embracing daily steps and stairs). She wanted to raise herself up and kiss the naked patch of skin his rumpled collar exposed, but she tamped down the instinct quickly.
"You know," she began as they looped back around to his office. "I think the lighting might actually contribute to your office's heightened productivity. As much as I would love to credit your methods and your methods alone," she added quickly when Sam raised an eyebrow, "I think we could replicate this sort of atmosphere in New York. We can change the lighting fixtures, for one, and bring in a lot more tropical plants. At the very least I'd love to replace the plastic ones we have in the lobby. They aren't fooling anybody."
"And the standing desks," Sam mentioned. "As silly as they look, they've been proven to be healthier long-term alternatives to sitting in cubicles."
"Yes!" Trinity enthused. "Yes. We've been so focused on onboarding Eddie lately, and going after those high-profile, hard-to-win New York clients, that I think we on the East Coast have momentarily lost sight of how important atmosphere and overall employee health can be to the company."
"People rarely take sick days around here," Sam mentioned as he glanced around. He seemed to be gaining new eyes, and a new perspective, on his surroundings. Trinity grinned, and thought: to hell with it. She raised herself up to plant a quick kiss on his cheek.
Before he could think to seize the moment, a knock at the door drew their attention away from one another to a thick-rimmed, deeply scowling face. Trinity thought she had never seen a hipster quite so serious as the twenty-something that leaned in the doorway.
"Sam. You're back. Can we do something about the coffee situation?" The intern rattled the bag of beans he held. "Whoever's in charge of stocking the cabinet should really get on the free trade train already."
Trinity burst out laughing, and quickly covered her mouth when the intern's flat gaze fell to her. "I don't see what's so funny," he said.
"Just something I said earlier." Sam quickly jumped to her rescue.
"Oh. You tell jokes now?" The intern seemed genuinely surprised. Now Trinity really did laugh, a full-on belt with her head thrown back; after a moment, she heard Sam's reluctant chuckle join in.
* * *
"Oh God, Sam," she moaned. Twenty-four hours later in the hotel room and he had her singing a completely different tune.
Sam thrust into her leisurely. Trinity's leg was thrown back over his hip, and his every resolute movement jostled her on the bed. The silky sheets bunched beneath her, as cool and insubstantial as water. Trinity arched her back, relishing the stretch it gave almost as much as she relished Sam's engorged cock sliding into her from behind.
"Why did we never...fuck with the lights on...before?" she gasped. The smack of his hips driving into her was its own aphrodisiac. Every time he thrust a little harder, she would glance down, open-mouthed and halfway startled to see the full length of him driving into her. Watching him bury himself to the hilt every time was doing more for her than she ever would have dreamed.
"Ah!" The startled, breathy noise escaped her as he hit that sweet spot deep inside her. Trinity grabbed a fistful of the sheet and twisted the material around and around her fingers, hissing with pleasure as Sam redoubled his efforts. He grabbed the underside of her thigh and elevated her leg even higher, until her toe was practically pointed at the ceiling. "Oh, Jesus, Sam! Oh, fuck…!"
"How come you never swore this much before?" Sam groaned. "I had no idea you were so dirty, Trinity."
"Because maybe...I thought that...you wouldn't appreciate the filthy things I had to say!" Trinity ground out. She clenched her teeth so hard to hold back her shouts that her ears rang with the effort. The window to the balcony was thrown wide open; even though her room was facing the window, she didn't trust that their privacy was complete enough to risk giving herself over completely.
Then again, she might not have a choice in the matter. As Sam picked up the pace, bucking into her and forcing her leg even higher, she felt electric currents of bliss racing to the furthest corners of her quivering body. She couldn't remember ever feeling so divorced from her mind, so completely physical—no matter how hard they had railed in the past, work obligations never seemed far enough away from the bedroom. Now, Sam fucked her so soundly she could barely remember which coast she was on.
"I'm going to cum!" she moaned. "I can feel it. Sam…"
"I'm not done with you yet." His hand slid down her thigh, and she sighed with disappointment when he pulled it back. In the next moment, he delivered a light and unexpected swat to her rear. Trinity arched harder with a cry, and he took advantage of her position to maneuver her fully onto her stomach. One arm slid beneath her, tightening over her breasts and propping her up slightly above the mattress. His other hand clenched hard over her ass; he filled his palm with her, lifting and separating her cheek, and then…
Another stinging swat. Trinity cried out in wordless outrage. Sam had never spanked her before...she could barely convince him to use his teeth when she wanted that spark of pain with her pleasure. So what the hell was this? Was he always holding back before, the same way she had refrained from talking dirty in the sack?
And why did she like it so much?
His cock sank into her and curved upward. His hips collided with her ass, nearly sending her face-first off the bed; she again scrambled for something to grab onto, and settled for reaching back behind herself to hang onto his waist. "Sam!" His name had devolved to a shout on her lips.
"You like that?" His rough taunt was as unexpected as everything else he had surprised her with.
"No!" She wished she hadn't emitted the protest alongside a moan.
"I think you do." He stroked his hand along the curve of her rear. His gentler touch both tickled and eased some of the sting; he drew it back, and Trinity braced herself, heart racing with anticipation. When the third swat came, it was timed with a purposeful thrust. The force of Sam's entry drove her head down into the sheets, which was a good thing in hindsight—the shout that left her lips was probably loud enough to be heard all the way back in her home office on the opposite coast. Orgasm ripped through her; there had been no tell-tale build-up this time. One minute Sam was fucking her senseless, and the next thing she knew, the waves were crashing down around her, as high and wild as the California surf.
Trinity cried out into the mattress, muffling as much as she could of the involuntary sound as her body shook all over. For a moment she really couldn't remember where she was. All she knew was who she was with, and what he was making her feel…
Sam came in the next instant with an explosive groan. He rutted into her as he rode it out, and she eased back into each thrust as best she could. Even though she had already reached climax, she found herself still craving every last inch of him...and Sam was all too happy to oblige.
When he had finished, he slumped down onto her back with a sigh of contentment. Trinity stared out toward the open balcony. Her head spun, as if she had just been out partying after closing a massive deal. It had been a long time since she had let herself have such a fun, filthy romp with Sam.
Sam's head inched up her neck, and his blue eyes flickered up through a stray lock of sweat-soaked black hair. Trinity laughed at his expression and stroked it aside. "What?"
"I almost forgot the champagne."
Trinity laughed as he rose up from the tousled bedsheets to fetch the room service they had ordered hours ago. "I did forget the champagne," she admitted as he returned to her. She accepted the glass—an incorrect wineglass, Sam had noted to her before she silenced him with a kiss once the door closed.
She watched him take a satisfied sip. Even though his drink was lukewarm rather than chilled—even though the glassware was wrong and the bedsheets were wrinkled and they had yet to shower properly since touring L.A. for the better part of the day—he looked more content than Trinity could ever remember seeing him. L.A. was magic; she had no doubt about that now. Leave it to Sam to leave it to her to figure it out for herself. He probably had no idea how beautiful, how like paradise, the place he now hailed from was.
Still...when Sam looked at her the way he was looking at her now, Trinity thought he was capable of seeing beauty. She almost couldn't take the way his eyes traveled across her, dragging over her every curve with near adulation. It wasn't something he could express out loud easily, and Trinity wondered if he even needed to at this point. She knew what his look meant.
She knew what she was to him. And she knew what he had always been to her, despite her best efforts to forget and move on. Maybe seeing Sam now, in the extraordinary context of Los Angeles, was the new chapter she had been so desperately looking for.
"I love...I've loved the last few days we've spent together here," Trinity mentioned as they clinked their glasses together. Sam eased down beside her, and she inched closer in the sheets to be nearer to him.
"I've loved being together again too. Having you here, it's like I'm seeing everything again for the first time." Smile lines fanned out around his eyes, and Trinity realized he knew what she had really been about to say. Before she could summon the courage to try again, his phone buzzed on the mantle. Sam shot her a look of apology, and she shook her head. She wasn't threatened by the work interruptions anymore. Sam knew where she stood—the fact that he was even quietly asking her permission now was a huge leap forward. She watched as he set his champagne aside and thumbed his phone open. His contemplative expression bloomed quickly into one of sheer astonishment.
"What is it?" She trained closer to look, but Sam wasn't content to read the e-mail on his phone screen. He got up again to fetch his laptop. He flipped it open and clicked through a few Jameson security measures as she sipped her champagne and watched over his shoulder.
"William just announced two major expansion projects." Sam double-clicked the window to widen it for her to read. "I had no idea he was planning something like this."
Trinity craned forward. "Where?"
"In both the L.A. and Europe offices." Sam sounded out of breath. The news really had hit him out of left field.
She pointed to the recipients. "Look. This hasn't gone out to hardly anyone yet. This isn't an announcement...it's more like an invitation to interview. Hey, even I'm on the e-mail list." She grinned. "I wonder who they'll choose to run the Europe project? Can you imagine if William gave it to Eddie?" She laughed. "It would be the one big Eurotrip sequel nobody ever asked for!"
"No way in hell Eddie's going to get it," Sam replied. "Not if I want it."
Trinity's heart skipped a beat, and then another. She set her own glass down. She looked at Sam for a long moment, but Sam was gazing off somewhere else. She wasn't sure he even knew they occupied the same bed anymore. "Do you want it?" she asked eventually. She wished she could muster more than a whisper to convey her surprise.
Her terrible, awful surprise.
"I'm going after it. And I'm going to get it," Sam said with certainty as he rose from the bed. "This is what I've been working toward. I thought the onboarding project set me back, but this must be William's way of letting me know he's forgiven me for losing that client. He knows how badly I want out of L.A."
"I didn't know you were considering leaving the country, Sam," she said.
"It's better than I could have imagined." Sam closed the balcony doors and drew the curtain to block out the natural light. The room plunged into claustrophobic darkness as he crossed to the desk and yanked the lamp on. "Can you believe it? Europe, Trinity! No way I'm not jumping on this."
Trinity watched forlornly as Sam reopened his laptop and immersed himself in studying William's e-mail. Her heart clenched in an agony she couldn't express out loud. She had just been about to tell him that she loved him. The words had been right there.
And now Sam was a million miles away from her, and about to be what felt like a million more. Did he even see her sitting across from him now, screaming at him silently to look at her? How could he make her feel so big one moment, and as insignificant as a grain of sand caught between coasts the next?
No. She needed to give Sam a chance. He deserved to revel in his excitement over the opportunity. Hell, she was proud of him. Really. No one else at the agency worked as hard as Sam did.
She just needed time to process this latest turn.
Trinity rose and padded into the bathroom. As she closed the door, she heard Sam muttering to himself,“This is our ticket. It's finally arrived."












Chapter Ten

Sam




"It was an excellent meeting, and everything's pretty much in place. Next time I call you it will probably be from Europe."
Sam could barely contain his enthusiasm as he breezed through the hotel lobby. For once, the California sun felt as if it radiated from within him, rather than through the lobby's enormous windows.
"I'm glad it went so well." William's voice came across the Bluetooth in his ear. He was keeping the usual careful check on his approval, but Sam was too elated to feel as if he required it to enjoy the moment. "You guys have been out there for almost a week now, but it sounds like things are moving fast. Was Trinity at the final meeting?"
"No." Sam punched the number in for their room and watched the numbers count down the floors. "It was just between me and the director. I might lose you in a minute, William, I'm about to get in the elevator."
"Understood. What did the director say about your condition?"
"That Trinity come with me?" The doors slid open and Sam stepped inside. "He said there isn't a position for her in the office, but I told him that wasn't a problem. I'll find something for her. The Europe office only stands to benefit from having her there."
"What did Trinity say?"
His floor dinged, and the elevator doors retreated. Sam stepped out into the hall, heart hammering like he had just run all the way up the stairs to deliver the news. "I haven't told her yet. I'm about to."
"Good luck with that." There was a note of something in William's voice that Sam couldn't read, but he chalked it up to the fuzzed reception. "And don't forget I need you back in New York this week to finish up the onboarding."
"I haven't forgotten." Sam swiped his key and pushed the room door open. "See you soon."
He pulled his Bluetooth off his ear and tossed it down onto the bed. He spied Trinity out on the balcony; she turned as the door closed. She looked as radiant on the outside as Sam felt, and for a moment he hung back just to take her in.
Three strides carried him across the room, and he stepped out into the balcony to join her. She opened her mouth to speak, and he swooped in before she could ask the question; he caught her face between his hands and delivered the news with a kiss.
"It went well." She almost sounded in disbelief as he drew back.
"More than well." Sam couldn't resist pulling her into his arms. He wanted to make love to her right there on the balcony in that moment, but he knew he had to get the details off his chest first before he could convince Trinity to get on. "I've accepted the job in Europe. I'm going to lead their expansion project. And you've got to start packing." He grinned. "I figured we could fly back to New York together tomorrow. I'll see about finishing up with Eddie while you get any affairs in order. It's happening, Trinity. This is happening."
He wondered what she would think about his newfound ability to improvise. He was finally becoming the man she wanted; best of all, he found he was actually starting to enjoy the change. Europe would be a new adventure for them both, but he had no doubt it would enable them to pick up exactly where they left off before the divorce.
"And what would my position be?" Trinity asked.
"Whatever we want to make it." He brushed a lock of dark blonde hair behind her ear and planted a tender kiss on the jut of her cheekbone.
"Sam. I also went to a meeting today," she said.
"Great!" He whirled away and crossed to the little kitchen. He pulled open the liquor cabinet and studied its lacking contents quizzically. He had almost forgotten they weren't at home. "I'm sure they told you what I already told them," he called over his shoulder. "We're a package deal when it comes to the Europe project. You should consider anything they said nothing less than a green light. Come on, we'll go down to the bar to celebrate...before I bring you back up here to really celebrate."
"They offered me the expansion project in L.A.," Trinity said. "And I decided to accept it."
Sam turned, momentarily stunned by her news. Trinity had left the light of the balcony and now stood in the threshold, her arms wrapped around her chest. He couldn't distinguish her expression in the sudden shadow.
"It had been on my mind before...for a while before," she continued. "I think before I even consciously knew I was thinking it. Because I thought L.A. would be where you were."
Sam blinked. "I had no idea you had even been entertaining the idea of moving west," he said. "But I fail to see the problem. We'll just go to them today and let them know your plans have changed. It was an oversight on our part; just a lack of communication, that's all."
"You're right about the lack of communication," Trinity replied. "Because I had absolutely no idea you were going to bring me up in your meeting today, Sam. Did it occur to you to invite me to advocate for myself in this process? Did it even occur to you for a minute to ask me if I even wanted to go to Europe?"
"But you just said that you were considering L.A.," he said. "And that I was a major part of that consideration."
"You're right: you were a part of that consideration," Trinity said. "But there is also a definite position for me here, a promotion, and this is where I want to be. Not Europe. Not waiting on the sidelines for you to negotiate an opportunity for me. This is my life, Sam. I'm done letting you put your career needs before mine...and before me."
"Trinity." He hated the way his voice broke, and knew that his expression in that moment must have been equally broken. "I don't know how to change your mind. I don't know what the rules for negotiating are here."
He wanted to take her in his arms. He wanted to hold her and kiss and negotiate as only lovers could with their bodies, but if he couldn't find the words to convince her, then he feared what he might risk—what he might lose—by trying to convey his longing for her in terms that weren't negotiable. He didn't know how to take Europe off the table, not when it symbolized the payoff he had worked so hard for.
So he hung back. He restrained. And in the time it took him to try and find the perfect answer, Trinity walked past him, wordless, and disappeared out the door beyond his reach.
* * *
He flew back to New York the next day.
William's driver picked him up at the airport and took him directly to the East Coast office. On the ride over, Sam straightened his tie; buffed a spot out of his left shoe; hunted for wrinkles in his suit and found none. He had shaved on the plane, and even the thick locks of his raven-black hair were lying flatter than usual. He looked as sleek as the limousine he rode in. His appearance was impeccable; outwardly, he was the same Sam Jameson whose competence was renowned and revered within the agency on both coasts.
Then why did being Sam Jameson suddenly feel so empty?
It was more important than ever to keep up a stable front. He had flown back to New York for the express purpose of meeting with William and giving him his final decision on Eddie. It would be the first time in years the three brothers all found themselves in the same room together.
When Sam entered the board room ten minutes before noon, the circumstances were as surreal as he had expected. William sat at the head of the table, tall and statuesque in repose, yet still more relaxed in his authority than Sam ever managed to look himself. His face was wide, high-boned and symmetrical, the perfect blend of their mother and father, and he was only becoming more distinguished with age. William must be something like thirty-six by now. Sam had never been good at keeping track of birthdays, not even his own.
That was something Trinity had always excelled at.
"What up, Sam?" Eddie leaned back in his chair on William's left, bringing himself dangerously parallel with the floor, and threw up two peace signs.
Sam nodded curtly. He didn't sit himself, but moved to stand by the window. He folded his hands behind his back and looked out at the overcast cityscape. He needed to summon his focus for the meeting. He should have been preparing on the ride over. Instead, all he had been able to think about was the jewel-like beauty of the view out the window back at the L.A. hotel. How had he missed the opportunity to take Trinity to the beach? At least she would have plenty of chances to go now that she had decided to relocate.
"Well." William's voice was the same commanding rumble it was on the phone. Distance and poor connections never seemed to diminish it the way it did others. "The Jameson brothers together again at last."
"We should start a family band," Eddie joked. "Dad would turn over in his grave. Sam could be the front man," he added.
Sam turned, but didn't rise to the bait. He watched Eddie elbow William; the strangeness of their familiarity registered, but only distantly. When had Eddie and William grown close? "He totally slayed at karaoke," Eddie volunteered.
"So I heard." William's glimmering eyes were on Sam and Sam only. "Well? Shall we get down to it?"
"He's cleared," Sam said. "I'll sign off on Eddie. He'll be a great asset to the company in his new position."
"What?" It was Eddie of all people who seemed most surprised by his affirmation. "Just like that?"
"I'm clearing you conditionally," Sam clarified.
Eddie sagged back in his chair, still grinning expansively. "Why am I not surprised?"
"Your methods are unorthodox," Sam said. "It's no secret that I don't approve of most of them. But…" Sam hesitated for a moment, his tongue sweeping his teeth in an effort to locate the right words. "...but that doesn't mean they don't work. At the end of the day, the results I've seen you produce this month have been beyond impressive. All I would require is that you keep the company abreast of your decisions moving forward so that we can clear them before you act without us."
"Interesting." William turned to Eddie. "And you? What do you think? Did Sam past his test?"
"My test?" There was no disguising the naked confusion in his voice. His hands unwound themselves from their stiff posture behind his back as he looked from William to Eddie and back again. "I wasn't aware that I was being tested."
"Of course not," William said. "I wanted real world results in real-time."
"I was being judged this whole time?" Sam still had trouble wrapping his head around his brother's assertion. "I thought onboarding Eddie was supposed to be a punishment for losing the client out west."
Eddie winced. "Ouch." He turned to William. "That's one thing he's still going to have to work on: his bedside manner."
"I agree," William said. "Nevertheless, what you've reported back to me so far is promising, Eddie. Learning to compromise, learning to admit when he's wrong…" William rose and joined Sam by the window, clapping a hand on his shoulder. "I'm impressed. Very, very impressed."
"Did Trinity know?" The question was out of Sam's mouth before he could rationalize asking it.
"Trinity was not informed of my ulterior motives, no," William replied. "I'm sure she wouldn't have approved."
"I'm not so sure," Sam murmured. He couldn't help reliving now every moment he had spent with her in the past months in excruciating detail. Rapid-fire moments of their exchanges, the anticipation and inevitable anguish that came when he failed her. How could he have been so blind?
"You've burned a lot of bridges striving for perfection, Sam," William said quietly. "It's time to start forging them again. I hope that by passing my test, you feel like you've been given a new lease on more than just your work at the agency."
More than just my work. There was so much more to life than just his work. There was family. There was learning to look around himself and realize that happiness could be seized at any moment regardless of coast.
And there was Trinity. What was a new lease on anything without her? Any promotion that came his way—any client or congratulatory clap on the back from William—meant nothing without her there to share it with him. And he wanted to be there for her, to share her own triumphs and pitfalls. His successes were meaningless without hers.
And his life was meaningless without Trinity.
"But I haven't passed the test." Sam moved out from beneath William's hand. His mind was spinning, and he barely felt like he was in the same room as them. "Not yet. For years I've been putting my needs above hers with barely a passing thought to what Trinity might want. I always justified, never compromised. And Trinity…"
"Who said anything about Trinity?" Eddie's question was wry, but Sam didn't give himself time to wonder—wonder if this had been part of Williams' motivation all along. He had left a mess behind him in L.A. He had left the woman he loved behind him in L.A. He was doing the same thing all over again.
But not anymore.
"Excuse me." Sam moved around the table quickly, banging his shins on a chair on his way to the door. The pain barely registered.
"Something urgent?" William called after him. He could hear Eddie's laugh, full and rich and bright, and for once he understood that it wasn't annoying at all, but infectious. Sam turned back to them in the threshold and grinned with determination.
"I have a plane to catch."












Chapter Eleven

Trinity




Mr. Jameson:
I hope this memo finds you well. Pertaining to our last face-to-face conversation before your trip, I just wanted to say that I am adapting well to my recent move to Los Angeles.
But there are certain...things...that have required more adaptation than I initially expected. Even though I find the atmosphere of the West Coast office enjoyable, and certainly as productive as our office in New York, I can't help but feel that there is something missing. I didn't have the sensation until you left.
I know you aren't one for "sensations". I know you aren't one to listen to your gut. You are careful, and conservative, and a conquering force in the advertising world. You are someone who thinks through every consequence of your decisions—generally speaking—and plans for every outcome in advance. You are someone that I admire. Have I ever told you this? Really, truly told it to you? Maybe I never thought it was something you needed to hear from me.
Maybe I was wrong.
William tells me the onboarding was more successful than he thought possible. I just wanted to take a moment to personally congratulate you. I know it wasn't your first choice of project. Whatever happens in the future, I just want you to know that I appreciated our collaboration.
Here's to many more successes across the pond.

"This has to be the longest memo in Jameson Agency history," Trinity muttered as she glanced through the wall of text she had typed up on her phone. There wasn't a whole lot else to do in L.A. traffic but stare at her cell screen as the cab driver honked and swore.
Somehow, this memo was the result.
The cab alighted on the hotel's curb. Trinity paid and got out. She stood a moment, gazing up at the enormous, decadent face of her temporary home. She had kept her room on the top floor overlooking the beach. William had been surprisingly agreeable to the idea of her coming onto the L.A. expansion project, and had called in a favor with the hotels' owner; he had even offered to pay for her accommodations there as long as it took her to get settled. Her move had been impulsive, but she knew at the end of the day it was the right decision for her.
At least, she hoped she knew that.
Jessica hadn't been pleased, obviously, but agreed to come visit her as soon as she got vacation time. Trinity looked forward to it. She hadn't expected L.A. to be so...lonely. She missed Sam's infuriatingly gorgeous presence, his ideas and...
She missed Sam.
Trinity debated deleting the memo as she strolled into the lobby. There was no point to it, really—she wasn't sending it to inform him of anything, or to effect a change. She could practically hear Sam's disapproving voice in her head asking her: what's the point?
Maybe it was an act of defiance against that voice that made her hit 'send'.
She swerved immediately in the aftermath of her decision and headed for the hotel bar. After the conclusion of her first week at the West Coast office, she could really use a drink.
There was one other person there already drinking when she arrived. Her gaze glanced off a pair of broad male shoulders filling a light jacket. He was hunched down, reading something on his phone. Poor guy, she thought sympathetically. Must have had a long flight. His posture made him look as tired as she felt.
There was an undrunk Manhattan sitting on the bar beside him. For once, the bartender appeared to have made it in the right glass.
Trinity's eyes widened.
"Sam?"
Sam never came out in public in anything less than a suit, except for the days he took off early to jog. Regardless, it was Sam who turned to look at her now. His dark hair was rumpled and hanging in his eyes, and it looked as if he hadn't shaved in twenty-four hours...a record almost as long as her memo. Her eyes slid from him to look at his phone, and she realized he must have just finished reading her little dispatch. Before, when there had been a whole country—and the likelihood of a whole ocean—between them, it had seemed like a good idea.
How was she supposed to answer for it now?
"Trinity." His tone was half-wonderment, half-relief, and Trinity's heart gave an unexpected start at hearing his voice.
"What are you doing here?" She hesitated, longing to join him at the bar, and afraid the spell would break and he would disappear again the minute she brought herself any closer. "I thought you were supposed to be in New York for another week?"
"I needed to get back sooner than expected," he replied. "There was something pressing that I needed to attend to. It couldn't wait."
Their conversation paused awkwardly as they continued to take one another in. Trinity wondered how she must appear: tired, her tawny hair flat against a face already tinged with the glow of sunburn. Her makeup had likely all but vanished by now
"Can I sit down?" She surprised herself by being the first to break the silence.
Sam rose and pulled a stool out for her. Trinity nodded in mute thanks and sat down. Her fingers wrapped around the Manhattan before she could direct them otherwise; she turned it around and around as Sam settled in again beside her.
"I read your memo," he said.
Trinity nodded. "I'm sorry. I wasn't really thinking when I sent it. I know you don't like long memos, I was just...stuck in L.A. traffic. And bored." And thinking about you.
"I save every memo you send me," he replied. "I have ever since we first started working together at the agency."
Trinity rocked back in her stool as if blown by a sudden strong wind. She blinked, but Sam's expression remained as serious as the grave. "...what?" She gave a helpless laugh as his words finally touched home. "I had no idea!"
"I know it's sentimental." Sam stared at his own Manhattan, looking sheepish as it rotated on its coaster.
Trinity shook her head. "No. I promise I'm not laughing because of that. It's just that...I save all of yours, too."
They lapsed into a more comfortable silence than before. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Sam's grimace twist upward in a little half-smile.
"So. Why did you come back early?" she prodded. "Was Eddie driving you crazy?"
"No more than usual. Mainly I was driving myself crazy," Sam admitted. "Thinking about you. Thinking about how I left things between us...again."
He turned in his stool to face her, and Trinity reciprocated his posture instinctively. It was impossible for her to keep an emotional wall up between them anymore. She couldn't deny the effect seeing him now had on her. She still loved him with all her heart.
His knee brushed against hers, and Trinity didn't draw back. "I've decided to stay in L.A.," he said finally. "I have a different perspective on things here now. If I took another job, I'd just be running away from it all again. I need to learn to adapt, and I've decided there's no better place to master that skill than out here on the West Coast. I need to learn to put up with a little discomfort and remain in pursuit of what I want."
Trinity's eyes narrowed. "Are you sure? But you hate L.A.," she reminded him. "You were never shy in the past about making that known. In fact, I thought leaving here was your entire goal!"
"My goal was to be with you." Sam's hand came between them to catch hers. Trinity couldn't deny how good it felt to be seized by him, to be held, with no hesitance or calculation. They had struggled to find a working medium all along, when the reality was she could never be in Sam's vicinity without yearning for him. She loved him just as much as she always had, if not more, considering all they had been through together up to this point.
"Really? I was your goal?" She almost couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Not...not the onboarding? Not getting yourself out of the doghouse with William and moving on to a better location?"
"Trinity, the moment you walked into that waiting room in New York, I knew what I had come back for." Sam's serious eyes caught and held hers, and Trinity knew he wasn't finessing the timeframe. What he told her now was the honest truth. "I'm just sorry it took me so long to realize it. And longer to articulate it even after that."
Trinity sat back on her stool a little and didn't let go of his hand. "And just what was it you were meaning to 'articulate', Sam?"
"That I love you," he said. "I always have, and I still do. I can't help but love you, Trinity. And I think now, no matter what your answer is, I always will."
"My answer?" She could scarcely find the breath to form the words. "To what question?"
"Do you want to live here in Los Angeles?" he asked. He drew her closer to him, with none of the usual stiffness that accompanied his formality. "Do you want to make the West Coast a permanent home?"
"With you?" She asked hopefully. Sam didn't so much as hesitate before nodding. "But I thought…"
"It doesn't matter what coast I'm on. If you're not there, I'm going to find a reason to hate it," he said. "Europe would have been nice, and if I didn't have you, I might still consider the move. But…" Sam's throat worked as he swallowed, and he appeared to carefully weigh his next words. "...I've changed. My priorities have changed. The job in Europe might have been a great fit for the old Sam, but it's not a good fit for...the man I want to be. I need compromise, and improvisation, and surprises. That's where real success, and real innovation, comes from. I've realized life isn't worth living without it. I've realized life isn't worth living without you."
Trinity gave a fluttering little laugh of approval. She couldn't help it—this was the last thing she had ever expected to hear from Sam, and her pulse wouldn't steady itself. The moment she lived in felt like a dream, and she never wanted to leave it. "I just signed a lease on a one-bedroom, you know," she said as she shifted off her own stool and joined him on his. Somehow, Sam managed to make room for her.
"One bed is all we need," he replied. He propped their joined arms up on the table and squeezed her hand. "I mean, just look at what we can manage with one stool."
She chuckled. "No broom closets?"
His eyes sparked. "The occasional broom closet," he allowed.
Trinity squeezed his hand in return. "I'll take that as your consent to the idea that I may drag you out to the occasional ballroom dance lesson."
"Only if you consent to kiss me," he said.
"I think a successful negotiation has been reached," Trinity replied as she leaned in. The curve of her smile met his as they sealed the deal.












Chapter Twelve

Sam




"I can't do this," Trinity muttered. "I was up all night and now I can't do this. I'm running on fumes, Sam."
Six months later, the two of them stood together in the hallway outside the L.A. office's conference room looking in. Through the window, Sam could see William making small talk with his associates as he settled himself at the head of the long table. A silver carafe of free-trade coffee and a plate of gluten-free muffins sat untouched in the middle of it all. "What are you talking about?" he asked her under his breath. He didn't take his eyes from the scene they were about to walk into, and neither did Trinity. "Of course you can do this."
Trinity straightened her shoulders with a little shimmy. "Of course I can do this," she echoed.
"Pitching our first project in Australia to the company heads is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."
"Opportunity," she repeated.
"And whether we succeed now or fall flat on our faces," Sam said gravely, "you better believe we're getting the hell out of this office to grab a drink afterward."
"It is five o'clock in New York," Trinity said.
"You see?" He shifted a strand of hair back from her neck. "Work day's almost over. You got this."
Her fingers came up to momentarily cement his hand in place. Sam relished their brief physical connection, and took as much comfort from it as he was certain Trinity took. He couldn't play down how big a moment this was, and he knew she didn't expect him to. They were equal partners in this adventure. They had planned and performed their presentation for each other for months; now, it was time to show the agency that the two of them were ready to move forward together as a team to consult with the other Jameson branches worldwide. Australia was just the first stop on their list.
But they weren't going to get there without opening this door first.
Trinity swallowed, and nodded infinitesimally. Sam withdrew his hand and pushed the door open.
"Sam. Trinity. Welcome." William offered them both a curt nod and professional smile as they entered, but Sam thought he could also see a quiet spark of approval in his brother's eyes. "And thank you again for giving this presentation. Feel free to help yourself to coffee, and we're ready whenever you are."
"No coffee necessary, thank you, William," Trinity said as she unfolded her laptop. "Your guys on the West Coast have already got me hopelessly addicted. I'm practically mainlining it every morning at this point just to keep up."
The associates laughed with surprise at her joke, and the tension in the room seemed to immediately give way to a more relaxed anticipation. Taking a page out of Eddie's icebreaker book, Sam thought approvingly. Trinity always adapted herself to an audience more readily than he ever could.
"Hey, Trinity?"
Trinity turned to him. "Yeah, Sam?" Despite her effortless humor, she still sounded breathless with nerves.
Sam handed her his copy of the final schedule. As her fingers closed over it, he tugged her to him, and caught her lips in a kiss. When he pulled away, he saw the utter shock at his public display written all over her face.
"You're up first," he concluded with a grin.
Trinity's hazel eyes rounded. She nodded, and a wide smile slowly started to bloom across her face. If a part of her had suspected Sam would take the lead, he hoped the silent, confident encouragement of his lips had just put that private fear to bed. This may have been their collaboration, and he was giving her the reins. As he turned to take a seat, he saw William's slight nod, and wondered if he had just inadvertently passed another test. Whatever strings his brother was pulling behind the scenes of the company, Sam attributed his personal growth to one person and one person alone. For the first time in his life he was completely confident, and completely satisfied, with taking a backseat.
He settled himself in to watch the woman he loved run the show.












End of The Billionaire’s Ex-Wife

Jameson Brothers Book One




PS: Do you love alpha males? Then keep reading for an exclusive excerpt from The Billionaire’s Tenacious Boss.












Thank you!






Thank you so much for purchasing my book. It’s hard for me to put into words how much I appreciate my readers. If you enjoyed this book, please remember to leave a review. Reviews are crucial for an author’s success and I would greatly appreciate it if you took the time to review the book. I love hearing from you!


Leave a review at:

LeslieNorthBooks.com

Goodreads

Bookbub













Want More?






Get SIX full-length novellas by USA Today best-selling author Leslie North for FREE! Over 548 pages of best-selling romance with a combined 1091 FIVE STAR REVIEWS!

Sign-up to her mailing list and get your FREE books:
Leslienorthbooks.com/sign-up-for-free-books









.














BLURB

Stephen Maxfield has the chance to save the business his father built, and only one woman stands in his way.
With Duncan Enterprises crumbling, Stephen Maxfield knows that a lucrative building contract could be the ticket to saving the family company. He’s always been regarded as the unpredictable brother, and this time is no different. He’s prepared to do what he thinks is right—even if it means ousting his own father. Stephen faces another obstacle, however, in the form of Angelia Lopez, the gorgeous Duncan VP with her own plans to save the company.
Angie Lopez has been groomed as Duncan’s successor, and she’s convinced that selling off pieces of the company is the way to save it. She’s busy making deals to break apart the business, while hoping that it brings together the Maxfield family. But when she comes up against Stephen Maxfield—all six feet eight inches of him—she’ll have to work harder than ever to keep her focus. Angie’s been burned by men in the past, and Stephen sets her aflame.
Stephen has no time for romance, and Angie is on a dating time-out. But if the two can see beyond their business plans, they just may find they’re the perfect match.

Grab your copy of The Billionaire’s Tenacious Boss from www.LeslieNorthBooks.com



EXCERPT

She was attractive. There was no doubt about that. Her dark hair was pulled tightly up in a bun, and Stephen wondered what she would do if he reached out and raked his hands through it, pulling out all the pins. He wanted to know how long her hair was. Would it sweep past her shoulders? Swing down to the small of her back? Brush all the way down to that luscious…
“Is there a problem?”
His eyes snapped back up, and he realized that her dark eyes were staring intently at him. There was a hint of temper in her voice, but it was controlled.
“No ma’am,” he said politely with a smile. “Just lost in thought.” He wasn’t at all ashamed of the fact that she’d caught him staring at her.
Her eyes narrowed, but she turned back around again. He knew that she could see him reflected in the gleam of the elevator doors, so he kept his eyes from straying again. She was simply a small distraction from what was really weighing on his mind. Part of him couldn’t believe he was in San Francisco again. Duncan had called, and he’d come running. It was pathetic.
There was something nostalgic about riding in the elevator again. He’d enjoyed more than one woman in this elevator when he was younger. His eyes flickered up at the camera and he smiled to himself. He’d given the security officers quite the show. What would the lone woman riding with him do if he pushed her up against the wall and pressed his lips to hers?
She was dressed in a gray blazer and a skirt that showed off her tanned legs. Conservative. Business-appropriate. She was more than likely a secretary or a receptionist. Good old Duncan did like them young and pretty.
“You do realize that I can see you, right?” she demanded. Stephen smiled as his eyes snapped up again. She hadn’t even bothered to turn around, and he met her look in the distorted reflection.
“I’m sorry,” he said easily. “You’re a nice distraction.”
She turned around and leaned against the wall, deliberately easing her gaze up and down his body. He grinned unabashedly. “There’s nothing wrong with a little distraction every now and then,” she said softly. “I’ve always wanted to know what kind of tools you construction workers carried in your tool belt. Are you all talk?”
She thought he was a construction worker? Well, he was dressed in jeans and a work shirt. “That depends on what kind of tools you’re looking for,” he said in a husky voice as he stepped closer towards her.
Lifting her chin, she smiled coyly at him. “I’ve always had a thing for a man in a hard hat.”
“Come by my room later tonight, and I’ll show you every hard thing I have.”
When he was inches from her, she tossed back her head and laughed. “God. You men are so easy.” The doors opened, and she nimbly stepped outside. “Have a nice day. I hope you looked your fill.”
He stood in the elevator for a moment, stunned. Quickly, he realized this was his floor too, and he hopped out before the door closed.
Her heels clacked on the tile floor as he followed her. Out of curiosity, he stayed a few steps behind her. If she was on this floor, she was, no doubt, closer to being Duncan’s personal assistant than a simple secretary. But this meeting was only for the Board. So what was she doing here?
“What are you doing? That wasn’t anything serious,” she hissed as she whirled around.
“It wasn’t?” he asked innocently.
“No. And you shouldn’t be up here. Are you lost?”
Was he lost? Well wasn’t that an interesting turn. “Maybe,” he said casually. “Is there a reason I shouldn’t be up here?”
Her features relaxed. “I’m sorry. I’m a little high-strung today. This floor is for VP members only. We have an important business meeting in the works. If you let me know who you’re waiting for, I can help direct you to the right place.”
“I have a meeting with Gabe Maxfield,” he said with a straight face.
“Ah. Well Mr. Maxfield will be preoccupied in the meeting for a while. You’re welcome to wait by his office, or I can let him know that you’d like to reschedule, Mr.…?”
“Maxfield,” he said with a smile.
Frustration flashed across her face. “Yes, I know you’re waiting on Mr. Maxfield. You know what, I’m sure Gabe will realize his mistake, and he’ll be in touch with you as soon as the meeting is over. On behalf of Duncan Enterprises, I apologize for the inconvenience.”
She had the power to apologize for the inconvenience? This was getting more and more interesting by the moment. She flashed him a small smile before spinning on her heels and moving faster. She must have realized that she was late.
At the end of the corridor, she pushed aside the glass doors. Through the panes, Gabe caught his eye and raised an eyebrow. Stephen hadn’t actually called to announce he would be attending. The truth was, Gabe wasn’t sure if Stephen was coming or not.
The woman rounded on him. “I thought I made it clear. This is a private meeting,” she said as she slapped her hands on his chest.
“Is it now? And you’re invited to this private meeting?” he asked as he cocked his head.
“Of course I’m invited,” she snapped. “I’m Angela Lopez, the Senior VP of the company. Do I need to call security?”
Surprised, his eyes looked back up to Gabe. Everyone was staring at them. “Of course, you are,” he agreed with obvious reluctance. “Well, you should probably take a seat, Ms. Angela Lopez, Senior VP. It looks like everyone is waiting for you.”
“And I will sit down as soon as you leave!”
He gave her a wide smile. Part of him was about to enjoy this moment. “Why would I leave? I’m invited as well.” Clearing his throat, he turned to the board members. “I’m sorry I’m late. As many of you know, I’m Stephen Maxfield. I got held up in the elevator.”
The expression on her face said it all. A few members nodded to him as he took his seat, and he watched with some amusement as she tried to compose herself. Her face was flushed, either with anger or embarrassment, but one thing was sure, she wouldn’t be threatening to call security on him again. Like it or not, he owned part of this company. And she worked for him.

Grab your copy of The Billionaire’s Tenacious Boss from www.LeslieNorthBooks.com




