










His Cinderella isn’t looking for a fairy tale…
Alicia Forkes went to a trendy club looking for a way to forget her troubles, and she found that in the arms of the gorgeous man who swept her off of her feet…and into one of the hottest encounters she’d ever had in her life. Awesome sex with a stranger is now something she can check off her bucket list.
Except he isn’t exactly a stranger. He’s the guy who broke her heart when they were teens, an experience she doesn’t plan on repeating.
Prince Leo can’t believe he’s finally found the woman he’s loved for years, and she wants nothing to do with him. When she shows up at his office, she looks anything but princess-like. In fact, she’s cursing him to hell and back. She may not be Cinderella, but he’s determined to prove he’s the prince for her––even if it means letting her go.












    Table of Contents
  

Dedication


Chapter One


Chapter Two


Chapter Three


Chapter Four


Chapter Five


Chapter Six


Chapter Seven


Chapter Eight


Chapter Nine


Chapter Ten


Chapter Eleven


Chapter Twelve


Chapter Thirteen


Chapter Fourteen


Chapter Fifteen


Chapter Sixteen


Chapter Seventeen


Chapter Eighteen


Chapter Nineteen


Epilogue


About the Author


Discover the Modern Fairy Tales series

Beauty and the Boss


Try Me


Love Me


Play Me


Take Me


Shillings Agency series


Temporarily Yours


Stealing His Heart


Seducing the Princess


Taking What’s His


Say You’re Mine


Faking It


Falling for the Groomsman


Kiss Me at Midnight


Divinely Ruined


On One Condition



Discover more category romance titles from Entangled Indulgence…

His Undercover Princess


One Night with the Billionaire


A Man of Honor


Reforming the Playboy






This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Copyright © 2016 by Diane Alberts. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce, distribute, or transmit in any form or by any means. For information regarding subsidiary rights, please contact the Publisher.
Entangled Publishing, LLC
2614 South Timberline Road
Suite 109
Fort Collins, CO 80525
Visit our website at www.entangledpublishing.com.
Indulgence is an imprint of Entangled Publishing, LLC.
Edited by Candace Havens
Cover design by Heather Howland
Cover art from iStock
ISBN 978-1-63375-661-8
Manufactured in the United States of America
First Edition June 2016






This one is for all the fairy tale lovers out there. Never stop dreaming, or believing in happy endings for everyoneâ€¦





Chapter One
“I hope you’re happy, Brian,” Alicia Forkes whispered under her breath, eyeing the crowded nightclub. This was so not her scene. She preferred a glass of wine, her cat kneading her lap, and Netflix that played for so long it asked her whether she was still watching, while silently judging her when she clicked yes. “I’m trolling for dudes because of you and your stupid bucket list.”
She fidgeted with her sequined clutch and stood at the side of the bar, feeling increasingly out of place with each passing moment. If not for the naughty bucket list her best friend had given her burning a whole through her pocket, she’d be out of here so fast there would be a faint blur as she busted through the crowd at Flash-like speeds. She was at a hot nightclub in the tiny foreign country of Randovia, surrounded by people she didn’t know, who all were wearing masquerade masks and downing shots like there was no tomorrow.
And she was completely, utterly lost.
When her company sent her to this foreign country to observe cultures and then report back to them, she’d been less than thrilled about it. Baker, Inc. wanted to create weapons and train officers for the Randovian Navy, and to do that, they needed information.
And while she was here?
She was going to nail this bucket list. Brian had challenged her, and she wasn’t a woman who backed down from something like that.
At least, that was what she kept telling herself.
“You can do this,” she whispered to the crowded barroom, giving herself one last pep talk. “One item down, four to go.”
Nodding to herself, she scanned the room. The club she’d chosen was called the Ballroom, and their gimmick was masquerades every night. People could bring their own masks, or they could be purchased at the front door. It was all covered in anonymity. Even the staff wore masks. The couple next to her moaned, the man’s hand disappearing under the woman’s short skirt. Alicia turned her head so quickly she was worried she had given herself whiplash.
Yeah. Nope. She couldn’t do this.
Time to go.
Glancing toward the side door, she mentally mapped out her route, because this was so obviously a mistake, but the tall, brown-haired man standing by the bar wearing a Phantom of the Opera mask caught her attention before she could take a step forward.
How could he not?
What girl hadn’t fallen for the sinister anti-hero at some point in her life? What had Christine been thinking when she picked Raoul, anyway? He didn’t have the same deep, dark depths to him that the Phantom had. He didn’t love as passionately. Feel as deeply. Of course Raoul didn’t kill people, either…
But still.
This version of the non-violent Phantom was over six-foot tall, judging from the way he towered over the other men in the club. He was eyeing her. The mask only covered half of his face, giving him a hard, dangerous look.
What would it be like to have his hand up my skirt?
Her heart picked up speed when he tilted his head toward the bar, motioning to the empty seat beside him. She twisted around to find the incredibly tall, gorgeous, supermodel woman he must have been after. But there was no one behind her.
He motioned at the stool again. Never one to assume the hottest guy in the room was inviting her to sit with him, she pointed to her chest and mouthed, “Me?”
His lips quirked up into a half grin, he gave a small nod. The man even managed to make such a simple, mundane gesture freaking hot as hell. “You,” he mouthed back.
“Uh…” She gulped down a deep breath and made her way across the crowded bar. When she reached his side, she forced herself to meet his eyes. To act as if she wasn’t always the girl who didn’t belong. “Hi?”
“Is that a question?” he asked, his question tinged with amusement. His voice was deep and rumbly, with a sexy accent that was almost half British, half French, and it reminded her of that Benedict Cumberbatch guy that made all the girls—herself included—make unintelligible sounds whenever they heard him speak.
“N-No,” she managed to squeak, lowering herself onto the padded stool. She adjusted her black mask and folded her hands awkwardly in her lap. Too bad Brian’s bucket list hadn’t come with the game required to pull off something like this. “Of course not. It was a greeting.”
He gave her a once-over, starting at her red stilettos and working his way up at his leisure. “That’s one hell of a greeting, if you ask me.”
Not one to back down from a challenge, spoken or silent, she checked him out from head to toe, much like he’d done to her. His lean frame consisted of nothing but hard muscles. His biceps strained against his button-up shirt, making her wonder if he had a hard time finding jackets that fit him properly. His dark pants hugged his hips and—
Well, the rest of him with picture perfect clarity.
Who knew trousers could be so revealing?
He cocked his head to the side when she remained silent, his dark brown eyes sucking her into their depths, and there was something about the way he gazed at her that pulled her under his spell, as if he owned her, and everyone else in this club. “Let me guess. You’re from New York?”
She watched his mouth as it formed words, transfixed and not bothering to hide it. “Is my accent that obvious?”
“Yes. New Yorkers have a very distinctive way of speaking.” He signaled the bartender. “May I buy you a drink, my lady?”
My lady. The fact that they still said such things in an otherwise modern country baffled her. While women carried important jobs here, just like in America, the men still treated them like items to be coddled. Worshipped. Cherished. It was weird.
“Sure. Thanks.” She held her hand out to him, ignoring the free drink vouchers in her purse. “I’m Alicia, by the way.”
He stiffened, but when he turned back to her, his face was impassive. “Nice to meet you…” Grasping her hand lightly, he brought it to his mouth and pressed a soft kiss on her knuckles. That kiss went right to her belly, making it twist with desire, and again, that undeniable attraction pulled her closer. There was just something about him. “Alicia.”
The way he said her name…
It brought back memories.
He leaned in to shout over the music, “I’ll have another lager, and she’ll have a…”
She slipped her hair over her shoulder and gave him what she hoped was a seductive smile, despite the memories flitting through her mind, and leaned closer, too. “Manhattan, please.”
“How fitting,” he said drily, watching her from beneath hooded eyes.
She smiled. “I’m a fan of well-timed irony.”
“Me, too.” After a few moments of silence, he whistled through his teeth, his eyes fixated on something behind her. “That couple behind you is quite…well, you simply have to see for yourself.”
Unable to resist, she glanced over her shoulder, a gasp escaping, and just as quickly turned back to her Phantom. While it was out of character for her, she so wished she and the Phantom were that couple.
What is wrong with you?
Him. It was definitely him.
Never in her life—well, except for that one time—had she been so attracted to another human being. “They’re really out of—” She broke off, not wanting to sound like a prude. “I mean, they’re really…uninhibited, aren’t they?”
“Masks have a funny way of bringing out the adventurous side in everyone,” he said, that sexy grin sliding into place. “And only the adventurous come to a place like this.”
He watched her with a dark light in his brown eyes, and that unspoken pull between them made her shift closer to him until her knee touched his thigh. He glanced down at the small contact, and when they locked eyes again…
Without a doubt, she knew that she’d found her one-night stand.
He made her crave so much more than a mundane, awkward night in a stranger’s arms—and she had no doubt he could deliver. Through all these years, she’d thought maybe she just wasn’t that type to thrive at the idea of a crazy night in a stranger’s arms.
Turned out, she was wrong.
This guy was totally her type.
Tall, dark, with a dash of Randovian.
“Yeah,” she said, pressing her knee more firmly against his thigh. “I suppose you have a point there.”
“Do you lose all inhibitions when you put on a mask?” He tugged on hers, leaning in until his mouth was a breath away from her ear. “Are you the type to have sex in a crowded club and not give a damn who sees you?”
Hell no.
But with him…
“Are you?” she asked breathlessly.
“Absolutely, if the situation warrants it.” He rested a hand on her knee. “If the attraction is there…who am I to deny that?”
She sucked in a deep breath and held it, suspecting he’d found plenty of those “situations,” and that maybe, just maybe, she was way out of her league with him.
She was saved from having to admit as much by the bartender, who came over carrying the drinks. “Here you go,” he said as he set the glasses in front of them. When the worker glanced at the man beside her, his eyes widened, and he backed up a step. “Excuse me—”
Phantom leaned over the bar to whisper something to the other man. The other man nodded, still gaping at the man next to me. “Here.” He handed the man a tip that would pay for a great meal at a nice restaurant.
Yep, definitely out of my league.
The bartender bowed. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
Hell, she’d bow for a tip like that, too. “Thanks.”
“Anytime.” He picked up his beer. “So, what are you doing here tonight, Alicia? What brought you to a club like this?
A dirty bucket list, and the free drink vouchers slipped under my hotel door. “Alcohol, dancing, flirting, and having fun. The usual. What about you?”
“I came to catch the attention of a blonde,” he answered, letting go of her knee. She immediately missed his touch, which said a hell of a lot.
Pulse racing, she ignored every shy bone in her body, every instinct that told her with this guy, she might have bitten off more than she could chew, and said, “Well, you have your blonde. What comes next?”
After chugging his drink, he turned more firmly toward her, his knees brushing against her bare thighs as he stood and held his hand out. “Come with me if you want to find out.”
Oh, you can bet your ass I want to find out.





Chapter Two
He led her across the nightclub, glancing over his shoulder at her. His brown hair was even darker on the dim nightclub dance floor, lending him a mysterious air, especially since the mask hid most of his features. It reminded her of the scene in the Phantom of the Opera where the Phantom is leading Christine down to his lair, and Christine is vibrating with nerves and excitement.
It had always been her favorite part of the musical.
Now she was living it.
His hand was so large, like the rest of him. It wasn’t a far stretch of the imagination to imagine what his hands would feel like if he ran them all over her—
Oh God.
Was she actually going to do this?
He stopped at a small, clear spot on the dance floor and pulled Alicia into his arms. His hard abs brushed against her, and when he held her close, she sucked in a deep breath. He was so hard, so huge, and so freaking hot. And he was staring at her like he couldn’t get enough.
Is this guy for real?
He slid his leg between hers, his knee brushing her bare thigh as he urged her closer, pressing against her intimately. She quivered. Actually quivered. “I’m dying to see you move, my lady.”
Snapping out of her daze, she curled her fingers behind his neck and moved her body to the music, losing herself in the rhythm, sensing his tightening muscles as he watched her. Back before her world had fallen apart, she’d been in ballet. It wasn’t the same thing as gyrating on a dance floor, but her body still knew what to do.
This wasn’t the time for overthinking. This was a time of letting go like she’d never done before. “Get crazy,” her best friend Brian had said. “Live.” And then he’d died, leaving her alone in the world, once again.
This is for you, Brian.
She turned around, giving him her back and swinging her hips Shakira-style. Her butt brushed against the zipper of his pants.
He sucked in a breath.
Good—she had the same affect on him that he had on her. His hardness brushing against her made her heart quicken and her belly heat with need. He closed the distance between them, gripping her hips as he pressed up against her fully, brushing against her just enough to make her want him even more.
And she wanted.
God, she wanted.
She spun and straddled his thigh, rubbing against it for a slight second, and he watched her with so much possessive heat in his eyes it was a miracle she didn’t combust. Ignoring all the warning bells going off inside her head, she rose on tiptoe, stopping when her mouth was just shy of his, her heart racing.
He let out a short breath, and fisted his hands in the fabric of her dress. “Alicia…?”
“This might sound crazy, and fast, but let’s be that couple. Kiss me?”
He stepped back ever so slightly. “How much did you have to drink tonight?”
“Three sips of a Manhattan. I came here for you, and I know what I want.”
“For me?” His dark brown gaze latched on her mouth. “You don’t even know who I am.”
That might be true, but he reminded her of somebody she used to know. And even if it was wrong…even if it was pathetic…in her mind, he was Leo. In her mind, he’d finally come back, after years away, to get her, like he’d promised.
And there was no changing that.
“I don’t need to, not for this.” She slid her fingers up his chest, over his broad shoulders, and then buried her hands in the dark curls at the nape of his neck, secretly wishing they were dark blond instead. “Do you want to kiss me?”
His eyes blazed with leashed, raw sexual power. It was like he was a caged beast who never got to run free, something she recognized all too well, and she ached to let him loose—to open the latch and let them both out to play for a night.
“You know I do,” he said. “And I have no doubt I can make you come so hard you’ll never forget me.” His grip on her tightened, and he lowered his head, stopping just short of kissing her. Her breath hitched in her throat, and he froze. “But you have no idea what you’re setting into motion by asking me to do this, and it’s only fair I—”
“Oh, but I do,” she murmured, latching on to her newfound confidence. “Let me show you.”
Holding her breath, her heart racing in excitement, she took a deep breath and closed the distance between them. Her tongue touched his before she fully realized how bold she’d decided to be. He moaned and cradled her head with his hand, holding her almost tenderly while at the same time ravishing her mouth as if he’d been waiting a lifetime to taste her and had no intention of stopping anytime soon.
God, the man knew how to kiss.
Within seconds, his mouth demanded dominance. He seemed to like to be in control, and that was just fine with her.
Breaking off the kiss, he growled. “Not here.”
He took her hand, almost dragging her toward a door that said Staff Only. Two men in suits stood by, guarding it, but when they saw them coming, they nodded once and stepped aside, bowing.
What is with all the bowing?
Maybe it was a cultural thing.
Her companion pushed through the doors without even hesitating and led them both down a dark hallway, his fingers never releasing Alicia’s.
“Where are we going?”
“Somewhere we can be alone.”
She tightened her grip on him. “Who were those men?”
“Security.”
“Oh.” She licked her lips. “But they let you in…?”
And bowed?
“Yes.” He stopped and pulled her into his arms. “You’re so fucking beautiful… I need to make you mine.”
His mouth moved over hers without mercy. She clung to him, her heart racing so fast it was a miracle it didn’t stop altogether. Growling deep in his throat, he backed her against a steel door. He kissed her again, his mouth even more demanding than before. He let go of his hold on her hair and slid his thumbs under her jaw, holding her in place.
It was as if he couldn’t get enough.
And she loved every single second of it.
She curled her fist in his shirt and yanked him closer. He smashed his lips to hers, his tongue dueling with hers desperately. He tasted like beer and pure man, a combination she’d forgotten existed. His hands slid under her dress, creeping toward her inner thighs, and she whimpered into his mouth.
The cool door was a complete contrast with his hot, muscular length pressed up against her, and when his hand slid between her thighs, something inside of her snapped. She rolled her hips against him, every inch of her body begged for his touch.
It was enough to make a girl scream.
She undid the button of his pants with unsteady fingers before trailing her fingers over his erection. He hissed through his teeth, his rock hard thighs pushing against her. “Alicia.”
The way he dragged out the L sound with a soft, rolling lilt, sounded so much like Leo that it almost made her stop. Almost made her question her eyes, and her sense, and everything about this. Stop thinking. It’s not him.
She squeezed him lightly, and he pulled his hips way.
“Enough.” He caught her hands, trapping them against the door. “My turn.”
His gravelly voice stirred things within her she didn’t even know existed. He was clearly a guy who was used to bossing people around.
Turned out? She liked being bossed around in the bedroom.
Or, y’know, dark hallways.
Whatever.
He kissed her, openmouthed and hot. Before she could so much as register that she was actually doing this, letting this guy touch her in intimate ways inside a freaking hallway of all places, his thumb flicked over her, making her legs shake. His mouth claimed her without any more words. He parted her with his fingers, his thumb circling her aching flesh as he did so. His tongue lashed out at hers, sending shafts of pure need rushing through every vein in her body.
And then, within seconds, she was soaring.
Orgasming like she never had before.
He pressed his thumb against her again, letting her ride out the high, and then he tapped his finger against her once. That small movement sent her flying over the edge again, and another orgasm slammed into her. The only reason she managed to remain upright was because he still held her hands over her head, steadying her.
There was the ripping of a condom wrapper, and within seconds, he pressed his body against hers again, lifted her up, and kissed her. As she wrapped her legs around his waist, she gripped his biceps, holding on for dear life because, man, her world was spinning faster than a tilt-a-whirl. She let out a raw moan.
Breaking off the kiss, he froze.
“Are you all right?” he asked with concern.
All right? All right? She was falling apart with pleasure, but she needed more. “Holy hell…”
“Alicia?” He brushed his hand across her cheekbone gently, his touch so reverent that it made her heart twist hard. “Should I stop?”
The way he held her like she mattered to him, watching her through the cover of his Phantom of the Opera mask, awakened a need inside of her she hadn’t felt since Leo. And while she’d known she missed him, while she’d felt his absence deep in her heart for years, she hadn’t realized just how much until she met this man who reminded her of him so much.
“Yes.”
He paused, and just like that, the beast was leashed.
Wait. What had she said?
She hurried to say, “I mean no, don’t stop. I’m great. So, uh, very, very great.”
“Great?” he asked, amusement tingeing his voice, making it even sexier than before.
He was laughing at her.
She didn’t care.
“Yes. Now get on with it.”
He chuckled, but then he slid his hands under her butt, his fingers digging into her skin, and shifted her forward, shoving her thong aside, and plunging inside of her with one long thrust. Her stomach hollowed out, and pleasure swept through her body as he filled her, his low groan spilling out into her mouth as he flexed his hips, testing her out.
And in that moment, this wasn’t about crossing an item off her bucket list. It wasn’t just doing what Brian had asked of her, living instead of hiding from the world. It was about this man, and the way he made her feel…
Alive.
God, she’d missed that feeling.
He pulled out of her, stopping just short of leaving altogether, and slammed inside her again, his tongue dueling with hers. She cried out, digging her nails into his shoulders, and closed her eyes, letting him take her higher and higher with each thrust of his hips. Deepening his kisses, he reached between them and rubbed his thumb over her, rough and fast. As the pressure built inside her all over again, and his movements grew harder, pleasure exploded with frightening intensity, and she orgasmed with a soft cry.
He tightened his grip on her butt and drove inside her once, twice, three times. On the fourth thrust, his lips froze over hers, and he tensed, his whole body leaning into hers as he came, too. It wasn’t until she drifted back down from that high, that addictive adrenaline rush of those earthshattering orgasms, that she realized what had happened. She’d done it. Actually crossed an item off her list.
She’d seduced a stranger.
Now what?
Oh, right. Now she had to ditch him.
As he moved away, she pushed her dress back down around her thighs and slid away from him backwards, her heart pounding. What did one say to someone she’d just had sex with and had every intention of never seeing again?
“Uh… This was fun. Thanks for the…uh…orgasms.”
He let out a sexy chuckle that made her body respond as if he hadn’t just made her come three times. “You’re—” He stopped talking and froze when he saw she was backing away from him already. “Wait, where are you going?”
“Like I said, thanks.”
He lunged for her hand when he put two and two together—and tripped over his pants, which were tangled up around his ankles.
She lurched back, almost falling on her butt—but not actually doing so. Thank God. “Sorry, gotta go.”
“Wait!” he called out, still regaining his balance.
She ran like hell.





Chapter Three
The next morning, Prince Leopold William George Worthington sat behind his big, maple wood desk, wearing a stiff collar and an even stiffer smile, and straightened his spine before posing for the dozen cameras pointed his way. Flashes burst in rapid succession, making his headache even worse than it already was, and his eyes watered in protest, but he gritted his teeth and kept on smiling.
Maybe that half a bottle of tequila he’d inhaled after the best sex of his life last night hadn’t been the best of ideas after all. But she’d left him there. With his pants around his ankles. Immediately after orgasming. Who the hell did that to someone? Most people would at least take a second to come down from the high and catch their breath or something.
Not just run.
His whole world had been tipped on its axis the second Alicia Forkes stared at him from across that nightclub floor…and didn’t even fucking recognize him.
A flashbulb popped, and he had to force himself not to wince at the bright light. On any other day, there was nothing he wouldn’t do to save his county or his people. He would give his life for them. But, man, he had a hangover from hell, and it was all Alicia’s fault. Her and her beautiful smile…
And her not so beautiful escape afterward.
Maybe if he had some coffee…
He eyed the other man in the room, silently telling him what he required. His aide Harry frowned, clearly getting the message, and held up a hand. “Pause, please. Could we have a moment of privacy?”
The cameras lowered, and the men all nodded, filing out of the office immediately. The press loved their photos, but they loved the formality of a ruler’s authority even more. As soon as the door shut firmly behind them, Leo sagged against the chair and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Thank you. Coffee, please?”
Harry went over to the maple buffet on the side of the office, picked up the silver coffeepot that had belonged to Leo’s mother, and poured a cup. Setting the pot down gently, he came across the room with a thin silver coffee mug that had been in the Worthington family for five generations. “What’s wrong? You look…”
He didn’t finish that sentence, probably because there was no suitable adjective to describe his appearance without possibly offending him. Something he shouldn’t be so damned worried about. Over the years, Leo had grown some pretty thick skin. “I went out last night.”
Harry raised a brown brow. “Yes. To Lady Donagon’s ball.”
“Yeah, but I didn’t end the night at the ball.” Leo rubbed his forehead and avoided the other man’s stare. “I went to the Ballroom.”
The other man, a stickler for tradition, crossed his arms. “What did your father tell you the last time you decided to frolic among the commoners without proper protection?”
It didn’t matter, because he was a grown man, and if he wanted to go dancing, he would. But nevertheless he waved a hand and said, “I brought my team along. They blended in as security for the club.” Leo lifted a shoulder. “They might not approve of my outings, but they aren’t going to tell me no.”
“Something you take full advantage of.”
Leo tapped his fingers on his desk. “Benefit of the job.”
“No one recognized you?”
“No.” Clearly not Alicia. “I wore a disguise.”
“Which one was it this time?”
“I put in that powder that gives me dark hair, and brown contacts.” Leopold touched his dark blond hair. “It was tough to get out in time for these photos.”
“And it worked?”
“Everyone was too busy dancing and, well, you know what people do there, to care who I was. It’s why I like that place. The anonymity.” He frowned. “Though, to be fair, I spent most of my evening with someone who wouldn’t have recognized me anyway.”
That brow cocked upward again. “Oh?”
Leopold picked up his coffee and blew on it, tightening his grip on the delicate cup. It had taken him less than a second in her company to recognize her…but she hadn’t known him. They met a long time ago. A lifetime, even. They’d been young. He’d been sixteen. She’d been fifteen. Children, really.
His father had wanted him to experience the Western world firsthand, so he’d dragged Leo along to New York. It had been a bit of a culture shock, going into a big, modern city like that. Meeting Alicia, a confident young ballet dancer in the city, had been a moment in his life where angels had sung, and a light had shone down from the heavens on her. When they’d kissed under the lights of Times Square, with thousands of people surrounding them…he’d realized that he’d gone and fallen in love with her.
Then last night, she just showed up in his life again…
And didn’t recognize him.
Harry cleared his throat. “You were with someone last night?”
“Yeah,” Leo said, readjusting himself in his seat. “An American.”
Harry stiffened, his nostrils flaring. The other man paced back and forth, swiping a hand through the air. “Another American? Clearly, you have a type. A type you need to break free of. You need to find a nice Randovian girl, or a princess, who can—”
“Careful,” Leo warned, gritting his teeth. “My father might get away with trying to plan my future marriage, but you won’t.”
The other man flushed and lowered his head. “Yes, I’m sorry. I forgot my place as your employee.”
“Don’t be dramatic. Just try to resist the urge to arrange my life choices for me.” Leo sighed and leaned back, staring out the window at the sunny, clear blue summer skies. “I get enough of that already.”
Harry bowed. “Sir.”
He set his coffee mug down untouched. “And you’re right. I do have a type. Blonde. American. Named Alicia.”
Harry’s jaw dropped, but his eyes were flatly blank. “Wait. What?”
“It was her. I found her at the club again. Or she found me.”
She’d been a woman on a mission—and if it hadn’t been him, it would have been another man in that hallway with her. Jealousy settled into his gut. Hot. Heavy. Unwelcome. It might have been ten years since they’d last seen each other, but that didn’t change the fact that he didn’t like the idea of another man making her cry out in pleasure.
And he probably never would.
His aide let out a small, derisive laugh. “Oh, come on now. How could you possibly know it was her? It’s been…” Harry cut off, clearly doing the math in his head. “Ten years. You couldn’t possibly remember what she looks like. It was just another blonde American. They’re hardly a rare find.”
With any other woman, or man, he’d met that long ago, Leo would agree. But his runaway lover was undoubtedly the same Alicia who had stolen his heart all those years ago, and never given it back. He would never, not in a million years, forget the way her lips felt under his…or how fucking amazing she tasted. “It was Alicia. She—”
The door to his office opened, and King Henry poked his head through the crack, blinking. “Why is there press sitting in the hallway out here?”
“Coffee break.” Leo pushed to his feet and saluted his father, hoping he hadn’t heard their conversation. That was the last damn thing he needed. “Father.”
His father waved a hand, frowning. “At ease, son. Harry.”
“How are you feeling?” Leo asked, dropping his arm back to his side. “Did you have any more chest pains? I can send for the doctor—”
“I’m fine.” The king pressed his lips together, and his blue eyes skimmed over his son’s face. His faded brown hair was still bright against his pale skin, but it used to be as deep as the hair on Leo’s head. “You’re the one who’s pale.”
“I had a late night,” Leo said drily.
“Of course you did.” King Henry smiled, appearing more alive than moments before. “Who is she?”
His father had been consistently asking him this question for the past five years, ever since he graduated university, and he clearly thought he’d met someone at the ball. Someone of marriageable status. The king’s health was failing, and age was catching up to him, and it had been his hope to see his son married with an heir and a spare for longer than Leopold could remember.
Leopold, however, had no interest in marriage.
Sure, eventually he’d pick someone who was eligible to be his wife. But he refused to marry strictly for money or country ties. If and when he married, it had to be because there was some sort of common ground, some spark of attraction that pushed him into it.
He refused to feel nothing for his bride.
And until he found that spark, that woman, he refused to wed for his country. While most royal couples were married for politics, rather than sentimental reasons, his parents had been so in love that his father still mourned the loss of his mother even after all this time.
He wanted that.
Not awkward conversations and stilted small talk.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Leo said quickly, shooting Harry a warning glance. The last thing he needed was his father discovering his night with Alicia. What came next would not help his cause with his runaway lover. “I danced, had a few drinks.”
“Lies.” His father frowned. “Harry? Who is she?”
The other man pressed his lips together in annoyance, but caved like a house of playing cards. “Alicia Forkes, Your Majesty.”
“Traitor,” Leo hissed, mentally planning his revenge against Harry. It involved his royal sword shoved up his fucking—
“Alicia?” The king squinted. “Isn’t that the name of the American from before?”
“Yes.” Leo forced a calmness to his face, which he didn’t quite feel. “We ran into each other at a nightclub I visited after the ball.”
“I always enjoyed her frank speech and free spirit,” his father said, acting far too excited for Leo to let down his guard. “Something the Americans do so well. She reminded me of your mother when she was younger, before we married. Was she happy to see you, after all the time spent apart?”
“Not exactly.” Leopold glanced at his pompous aide, who was glowering at him as if he’d somehow insulted him, and then back to his dad. “In fact, she didn’t even remember me at all.”
Harry choked on his sip of coffee.
His father frowned. “Are you certain it wasn’t a game?”
“It wasn’t,” Leopold said flatly. “Not only did she not remember me, but she also ran out on me last night after we…spoke.”
“How very American of her,” Harry said sardonically, patting his mouth with the edge of a napkin as he set down his coffee. But that did nothing to hide the narrowness of his eyes. “Well, then, back to the photos? We have another meeting at—”
His father raised a hand, silencing the other man immediately. Leo tensed, because he knew what was coming—and he didn’t like it one bit. “Wait. Why would she run away from a mere conversation?”
Leo cursed inwardly, but smiled. “I don’t know. How much sleep did you get—?”
“You’re hiding something.” His father frowned even deeper, then his face lit up with intuition—which was the last thing Leo needed right now. “You were intimate with this woman last night, weren’t you?”
“I…” He gritted his teeth. No matter how much he might wish otherwise, he couldn’t lie to his father. “Whatever happened is my business.”
“Hmmm.” His father pointed at him. “When it affects you, it is my business. And I know my son, and the face he makes when he’s hiding something.”
Leo gritted his teeth, nodding once.
“Well, then, you know what you have to do.”
Leo stiffened. If he did this to Alicia, she’d never forgive him, and he wouldn’t get a shot at that second chance with her he’d always wished he could have. “I can’t, not with her. She’s not like us. She won’t understand. And it’s such an outdated custom that really needs to be—”
“It doesn’t matter who she is, or where she came from. You were with her, and you can’t risk that there might have been an heir created in the process.” His father picked up the pen on his desk and frowned at it before setting it down. “You’re well aware of our laws and customs, and you know that if a future ruler might have been created, a child that could possibly run our country one day, you have to detain the woman in question—no questions asked. It’s our way.”
Leo clenched his jaw, remaining silent.
If he brought her here under those circumstances, under outdated laws…
No. No fucking way.
He shook his head. “I can’t do it. Not to her. And I was careful. I always am.”
“Did you sleep with her?” his father asked slowly.
He cast a quick glance at Harry. His aide glowered disapprovingly at him.
Leo swallowed. “Yes.”
“Then she has to stay. She’s a flight risk.” His father frowned. “I outrank you, son. If I say something needs to be done, then it’ll get done, whether you like it or not.”
Leo remained silent because it was true.
He was the king, after all.
His father rested a hand on his shoulder, sighing. “I’m sorry, but it must be done. Think of it this way. You’ll be under the same roof with her. Maybe it’ll give you that second chance you always wanted. I remember you pining over her back then.”
That had obviously been a one-way type of thing. She didn’t remember him. Why would she? They were kids. But he’d never forgotten her. In many ways, she’d been his first love, and no one had ever lived up to the standard she set. He’d dated enough since then to know that even though they’d been kids, what they’d had was special. Crazy, but true.
Leo didn’t say anything in reply.
There was nothing to say.
He never should have touched her last night.
“Release a bulletin immediately, Harry,” the king said. “Under my command, not his.”
“No,” Leo said, stepping forward. “If we’re going to do this, then I’ll take full responsibility for it. After all, it’s my fault she’s being forced to stay here.”
And he’d pay the price.
If his actions made Alicia hate him in the end? Well, then, so be it. He’d made his choice. She was free to make hers.
Harry frowned. “We could just pretend it never happened. She’s an American. Who cares if there’s a baby, anyway?”
Leo studied Harry. He’d always been a bit of a snob, but that was cold, even for him. “I do. And so will the people of this country.”
His father crossed his arms and gave Harry the death stare. The one no one ignored, not even Leo. “Her nationality is a moot point.”
“The bulletin, Harry,” Leo said, his voice hard with annoyance at his aide’s attitude toward Alicia. “Now.”
After the other man picked up his iPad and nodded, Leo said, “Alicia Forkes needs to be captured, and brought to me, unharmed.” Leo tugged on his collar, knowing once he released his statement…there was no going back. “Immediately.”
She was going to kill him.





Chapter Four
A little before dusk, Alicia made her way through the crowd, struggling to unwrap her buttered croissant as she juggled her coffee in the other hand. After a long night of tossing and turning and not enough sleep, she needed all the caffeine she could get.
Something about having sex with a random stranger who may or may not have been selected by her subconscious simply because he reminded her of her first love did things to her mind. Like bringing back memories she’d tried to forget long ago.
Good and bad.
Being in love with Leo had been like riding a fast tidal wave through to the end, the kind that went higher and higher, until it crashed and you were left lying broken and trembling on the ground, wondering what happened. But when you rode that wave to the top, laughing the whole time with Leo at your side? It was freaking amazing.
They’d been too young to know what life would bring them, or how cruel it could be when it was cut too short. After her father died, she wrote to him. Told him of her loss. And when she ran away from her cruel foster parents, she told him of that, too.
And then he’d left her alone.
In an airport.
Waiting for him.
Finding a table in the corner of the busy cafe, she settled in and bit into her heavenly croissant. The official royal music played on the television, and she ignored the all too common occurrence that kind of reminded her of the Capitol from the Hunger Games…creepy music and all.
Setting her croissant down, she picked up her phone and swiped her finger across the screen. After bringing up the notes section, she pulled up her bucket list and placed a checkmark next to the second item: Have a one-night stand, and ditch him after.
The first had been to visit a foreign country.
Check, and check.
The crowd inside the cafe gasped in union, and for a second it was as if they saw what she’d checked off and were as scandalized as she was about it.
But then she lifted her head, frowning as a low murmur spread out among them. Alicia took another bite of her croissant and followed their line of vision. They all stared at the television with wide eyes, even the workers, so she turned, too, curiosity getting the better of her.
It was a different guy on the screen this time, one who wore a military uniform instead of a suit, but that wasn’t what made her choke on her croissant.
It was her picture on the TV that did that.
Why is my passport photo on the television?
“Ms. Forkes is not considered dangerous, but if you see her, please let authorities know. This order comes straight from the prince himself, and speculation has begun as to why His Highness wants the American brought to him unharmed—the royal office was very clear about that part. She is not to be injured, or seized by force. There is a financial reward for any tip that leads to the delivery of Ms. Forkes. The amount was unspecified.”
Well…craaaaaaap.
There went any hope she had of avoiding capture.
She swallowed the soggy croissant that had been in her mouth for far too long and stared at the television, unable to believe this was actually happening. What would the prince want with her? What had she done to garner such attention? Such ruthlessness?
Such…such…
Double crap.
One by one, heads turned toward her, and at least twenty pairs of wide eyes focused directly on the most wanted woman in all of Randovia. Her.
“It’s her,” a man whispered to another man. “I’m calling it in.”
“I saw her first!” another man yelled, stepping forward. “I’m calling it in.”
“No. I am,” a third man growled. “I know the prince, so he’d like the intel to come from me.”
“Shoveling his walkways don’t count as knowing him, Marvin,” the first man said. “She’s mine.”
“Over my dead body.” The other man stepped closer, and as a whole, the crowd shifted toward her. “I saw her first.”
“No, I did.”
Alicia gasped, unable to do much more than watch in horror as they fought over her as if she were a scrap of meat, and stumbled back, hitting the wall. Holding her hands up, she slid a step sideways toward the doors and said, “Please, everyone calm down. This has to be some sort of misunderstanding. Let me make a few calls, and—”
A huge man who would’ve given an NFL linebacker a run for his money stepped in front of the only exit. “Not happening. Someone—anyone—call it in.”
“But I didn’t do anything,” she cried, edging toward the door again, even though it was clear there was no way she’d be squeezing past the human brick wall blocking it. “Please. You have to believe me!”
“Doesn’t matter. If the prince wants you, he’ll get you.” A woman eyed her nervously. “We don’t ask him questions.”
“Obviously,” Alicia said, shoving her hair out of her eyes. The crowd had formed a circle around her, and despite watching tons of shows with awesome getaways in them, she didn’t possess any skills to make a getaway herself…so she sat back down.
Was this something to do with her business? She’d come here with the blessing of the country’s government. She was here to help.
No, there had to be a miscommunication.
She picked up her phone.
The woman frowned. “What are you doing?”
Ignoring her racing heart—and images of Americans being tortured and never found in foreign countries—she hit the green call button. After two rings, Mrs. Fedorchyk picked up. “Hello?”
Not wasting time, she quickly said, “I’m being illegally detained by the prince, and I have no idea why. The authorities are coming to take me to the palace.”
Through the phone, Mrs. Fedorchyk gasped. “What? Are you okay—?”
“Hey,” the woman snapped, yanking the cell out of her hand and hanging up on her boss. “Enough of that.”
Alicia stood, her heart pounding, and tried to snatch it back. The other woman eluded her. “Give me that back.”
“No.” The lady tucked it in her purse and stepped behind a bear of a man. “It’s the prince’s now.”
Whoever this prince was, he was going to get a piece of her mind the second she met him. Despite her call back home to the only other person in this world who might care what happened to her—on a strictly business level, of course—she didn’t have high hopes of getting out of this mess without meeting him.
And when she did?
He’d find out he messed with the wrong American.
The man who called the castle watched her closely. He talked fast into the receiver, gesturing with his hands, staring at her as if she was the crazy one.
Whatever.
In a situation like this, not that she’d ever been in one, it was best to just stay calm—or so she’d imagined. She sat back down and picked at her croissant, because if she didn’t try to act normal, she’d start crying. And she refused to give them, or their stupid prince, the satisfaction.
“What are you doing?” another man asked.
“Waiting for my ride,” she said drily. “I hope it’s a limo. Surely the prince can’t expect to illegally detain me without providing me with certain luxuries.”
“She’s mad,” the woman whispered, stepping back.
“No. I’m angry. And when I get in front of your precious little prince, he won’t know what hit him.”
“Don’t you dare threaten him,” growled the man who had been on the phone. “You’ll have me to answer to.”
The lady said. “And me.”
“And me,” said the other man to her left.
“First of all, people, it was an expression. He shouldn’t abduct innocent women off the streets,” she simply said, her heart hitting her ribs and pounding so fast she could barely breathe.
“Clearly, he is doing so for a reason. He’s a kind, fair, and benevolent man, who will make a fine ruler one day—long live the king.”
“Long live the king,” the whole room echoed.
Alicia’s jaw dropped.
I’m in freaking Wonderland. There’s no other explanation.
The man who’d called the palace tipped his head. “They’re here.”
She glanced out the window, swallowing hard. Sure enough, a group of soldiers dressed in the gray suits of the royal guard approached the door. They were young men, maybe in their mid-twenties, like her, and each one was more handsome than the other. If not for the fact that they were coming to arrest her…
“Alicia Forkes?” the man in front asked politely.
“Yes.” She stepped forward. “Can one of you please tell me what this arrest pertains to?”
“That’s between you and the prince.” The first soldier held his hand out. “Come with me.”
“Do I get a choice?” she asked drily.
The man stared at her, his hand never wavering.
“Can you at least tell me what I’m in trouble for?”
“I don’t know whether you’re in trouble or not,” the man said. “Maybe the prince simply wishes to speak with you.”
“I bet you say that to all the women your prince imprisons.”
“I’ve never detained a woman for the prince before.”
She shrugged, not meeting the man’s eyes. “Great. I’m special. Wonderful. Maybe this is the only way he can get a girl’s attention.”
The man laughed.
So did the rest of the guard.
The crowd joined in, all elbowing each other and grinning.
After the laughter died down, the man said, smiling, “The prince has never had trouble meeting women. Follow me. Let’s get you safely to His Highness.”
Head held high, she walked out into the daylight, not bothering to argue since it would get her nowhere. A bunch of paparazzi snapped pictures and yelled out questions, all asking her why she was being taken. Since she had no clue, she slipped into the back of a black town car without speaking. If she did, she’d scream, and shout, and show them just how angry she was at this treatment.
But she was saving all of that for the Prince of Randovia.
That jerk was about to find out what happened when you picked on the wrong girl.





Chapter Five
“She’s in there?” Leo asked the head of his royal guard quietly, standing in front of the bright blue door that separated him from Alicia. His heart pounded harder than the time he’d issued a last warning to an enemy country. Entering that room might be just as dangerous to his health.
The man hesitated. “Yes. But…”
“What is it?” he asked, adjusting his dress grays. “Speak freely, Jonathon.”
She’s on the other side of the door.
Waiting for me.
His gut tightened.
He was known for his steady constitution. He never hesitated. Never faltered. Always knew the best way to deal with tricky situations, so that every party walked away satisfied. But with Alicia, he was a nervous and sweaty-palmed mess.
But he also felt alive for the first time in years. Excited about something. He couldn’t remember the last time that had happened.
Which probably meant it had been way too damn long.
“She didn’t fight back, physically,” Commander Jonathon said. He tugged on his collar. “But she’s not happy, and I have a feeling she isn’t afraid to tell you as much.”
He sighed and stared at the door, his heart thumping fiercely against his ribs, and he itched to barge in there, march up to her, and kiss her before she could say a damn word that might make him stop. They could pick up right where they’d left off last night—only without his pants wrapped around his ankles this time. “I’d expect nothing less. She has every right to be upset. I did detain her, after all.”
“About that…” The commander shifted on his feet. “May I be so bold as to ask what she did to deserve such treatment, Your Highness?”
Leo frowned and lifted his chin, giving his commander a hard stare. The public wasn’t aware how strict the royal house was with dalliances, and they never would be. The only reason this search for Alicia had been broadcasted was because they couldn’t risk losing her if she hopped on a flight. “No.”
“But—”
Leo frowned even more, giving his commander a silent stare.
“Right.” The other man cleared his throat and bowed. “As you wish, Your Highness.”
“Thank you,” Leo said shortly. “Please leave us.”
“One more thing.” The commander reached into his pocket and pulled out an iPhone. “This is her phone. Someone at the coffee shop took it from Ms. Forkes when she called to let her office know she was being detained. At least, that’s what the people around her told the guards. Would you like us to contact her office and explain that she is in no danger from us?”
Leo gritted his teeth. There might be some backlash from that, which, yeah, he deserved. What had he been thinking, literally abducting Alicia? Laws or not, he should go in there, release her, and apologize now. It was the right thing—the humane thing—to do. Holding his hand out for the phone, he said, “Yes, please do. I’ll take that and return it to her. She’s allowed any and all luxuries she requests from us. She’s not our prisoner.”
“Then what is she?”
“A guest. A very valued guest.” He ran his hand through his hair and tucked the phone into his pocket. “Ready the blue room in the West Hall. She’ll be staying there.”
She’d always liked blue.
Hopefully that would soften her up a bit.
“Right away.” He stood at attention. “Should a guard be set on the door?”
“I don’t think that’s nec—” Leo hesitated. He didn’t want Alicia to feel like a prisoner, but at the same time… “I’ll let you know after I talk to her.”
He saluted Leo. “Very well.”
Leo took a deep breath before twisting the doorknob. As he entered the sitting room outside his formal parlor, he inhaled one last long breath. Curling his hands into fists, he sought her out, and when he found her—Christ.
She was fucking beautiful.
He stared at her, unable to believe that after all these years, after all this time, she was there in the same room as him. She stood all the way at the back of the large room, her body practically wedged into the corner behind a green chaise lounge. She wore a pale yellow sundress with a black belt cinching the waist. Her long blonde hair fell in soft waves down her back and over her shoulders, stopping just short of hitting her lower ribs.
She had to have heard him enter, which meant keeping her back to him was an act of defiance and disrespect, something he’d never get from a Randovian woman. But that was one of the reasons he liked her. When they met, she hadn’t known who he was. What he was. Now she did, and she still didn’t give a damn. It was refreshing.
She was refreshing.
“Are you him?” she asked without turning around. Her voice had a bored tone to it, as if she weren’t being held prisoner in a foreign country by a man she didn’t know—or didn’t know she knew. “Are you the prince who ordered me to be detained?”
He opened his mouth to answer her, but before he could…she turned around.
And he forgot what he was going to say, who he was, or even why he was here. The second she met his eyes, she froze, too, and she stumbled back, a hand pressed to her chest. “I… You…”
And then she fell silent.
After a few moments, he dug his fingers into his palms and forced a small smile. “Hello, Alicia. Long time, no see.”
She dropped her hand from her mouth, her fingers twitching. “Leo?”
He nodded once. “Yes.”
“But…” She took a step forward.
He waited for her to finish her sentence, but she didn’t.
She closed the distance between them, each step she took making his heart beat faster than before. By the time she reached him, it was a miracle it hadn’t given out on him completely.
Slowly, she reached out and touched his cheek, her lips parted in surprise. “Is it really you?”
“Yes.” He curled and uncurled his fingers, then brushed her hair off her face, unable to resist feeling her skin against his again. She flinched. “It’s really me, my lady.”
“You look good,” she said, her voice lost in wonder. “Really good.”
Heat slammed through him. “So do you. You’re even more beautiful than I imagined you would grow up to be.”
“But you’re—” Stepping back, she slammed her hands against his chest angrily. And then she did it again. “You asshole.”
He caught her wrists in his hands, clenching his jaw. “I know this is an unbearable situ—”
“God, I can’t believe this.” She jerked free and stumbled back, her eyes narrowed on him. “Why are you in this castle? Did you see me on the news?”
He lifted a brow, not understanding why she’d ask him that question. He wore the royal crest on his chest, and clearly he belonged here. It was then that he realized she still didn’t know who he was. But if she didn’t know that he was responsible for detaining her, then why was she so damn angry with him?
Could she still be that angry he hadn’t written her?
Because she hadn’t exactly written him, either.
He didn’t know why he never picked up a pen, or sent an email, or why he’d waited so long to write her back then. It was almost as though if he did, then what they shared would be over. As if writing would make it less real. Didn’t make sense, but he’d been young. He’d also been afraid that she might find someone else, and that probably would have broken him. And by the time he realized he was an idiot, it was too late. It seemed silly to write to her, and after all, she hadn’t sent him letters. Years passed. Life happened. He’d missed his opportunity with her…
But then, she came back into his life.
And suddenly, the opportunity wasn’t missed anymore.
“Yes,” he said drily, hesitantly. At some point, he’d have to tell her who he was. Obviously. But not right now.
“Oh, thank God.” She rested a hand on his chest, right where she’d hit him moments before, only now she was all sweet eyes and soft lips. “Can you get me out of here? Your crazy prince has abducted me for no reason.”
He flexed his jaw. “Crazy?”
“Well, yeah, why else would he hold me captive?” She shook him a little bit. “I’ve never even met the guy.”
“Well, actually—”
“You’ve got to get me out of here.” She gripped his shirt and fisted it with both hands, her voice soft and desperate. “Please.”
He should do it.
Let her go.
If he played his cards right, he could even avoid telling her who he really was and why he’d taken her hostage. He opened his mouth to say those very words, despite the betrayal that would be to his father, but something else came out. “I can’t do that.”
“What—?” She let go of him and stepped back. She took in his royal suit, slowly realizing he wasn’t dressed casually, like the rest of the household staff. “Oh God. You’re one of them. One of his advisors.”
Time to come clean. “Actually, I’m—”
“Why is he holding me here?” she demanded. “Tell me.”
“Last night you were at a club with a man.”
And that man was me. I was the one touching you.
Making you scream.
“What?” She blinked at him, seeming confused. For a second, he thought he’d spoken out loud. He wasn’t sure how it was that she hadn’t put two and two together yet, just like he wasn’t sure how he felt about the fact that she hadn’t. “What does that—? Oh my God.”
He waited patiently, letting her piece it all together.
It didn’t take long.
She’d always been a smart girl.
“You… I… But your hair…” She stared at his blond hair, paling even more. “And your eyes…”
“I was in disguise,” he explained. “Dark hair. Dark eyes.”
She stared at him, turning a little green. “Oh. My. God.” She covered her mouth, the pallor in her cheeks giving way to redness. “No. God no. Oh my God. That was you.”
“Indeed.” He inclined his head. “Nice to see you again, my lady.”
She covered her face. “Shoot me. Shoot me now.”
“I’d rather not,” he said drily. He wasn’t sure whether to be insulted by her reaction, amused, or both.
“Why were you in disguise in the first place?” She dropped her hands to her sides again. “Who does that?”
He hesitated. “I had my reasons.”
“I’m sure you did,” she replied sarcastically. “Just so you know, I don’t do stuff like that, and if I’d known it was you, I definitely wouldn’t have done it. It was a one-time thing for me. A bucket list item.”
He squinted, doing his best to ignore her comment about how she would have avoided him if she’d known who he was. Then he realized what she said. “Bucket list? Are you ill?” he asked, his gut churning at the thought of finding and then losing her in quick succession. “Are you seeing a doctor? Is that why you’re here?”
“What? No. It’s from my friend. He wanted me to—” She broke off, laughing uneasily. “God. I can’t believe out of all the men in this country, I ended up in that hallway with you. I mean, if that’s not ironic, I don’t know what is. And the funniest thing was, I picked that guy…well, you…because he kind of reminded me of you.”
He stiffened, locking eyes with her. First she said she never would have fucked him if she’d known it was him, and then she turned around and said she’d fucked him because he reminded her of himself. She was as confused as he was. Well, that was a start. “You did?”
“Yeah.” She shoved her hair behind her ear nervously, averting her eyes. “Stupid, right?”
“I don’t think it’s stupid at all.” If anything, it made him think he’d done the right thing bringing her here. “I’ve thought of you often over the years, too.”
“Yeah.” She laughed. “Sure you did.”
Frowning, he said, “It’s true.”
“Did you know it was me?” she asked, ignoring his statement.
“Of course,” he said simply. “I would never forget you.”
“Oh, come on. You’re full of—” Her cheeks flushed, and she seemed to be seconds from punching him, or killing him, but she took a calming breath, shaking her head. “Can you get me out of here, or not?”
“No.”
“Seriously?” She stiffened even more. “Why not?”
He flexed his jaw and stared at her, knowing it was now or never. “Because I’m the one who brought you here. So, clearly, I’m not about to let you go.”
“But…” She opened her mouth, closed it, and opened it again, finally staring at the gold stitching on his chest pocket. “Are you saying…you’re…are you…?”
“Prince Leopold William George Worthington, at your service.” He bowed at the waist, never dropping her gaze. “Nice to formally meet you, my lady.”
“Prince—?” She stumbled back, clearly less than pleased with this new information, as she pressed a hand to her stomach. “Well… Shit.”





Chapter Six
So many emotions were flying through her right now, that it was a miracle her head hadn’t started spinning Exorcist style. Anger. Frustration. Joy. Confusion. Sadness. Pain. All because the boy she’d fallen in love with all those years ago was standing in front of her…after calling out a nationwide manhunt to find her again, and basically kidnapping her off the streets to bring her here.
Which was crazy.
Like something you’d read in a book.
She licked her lips, trying to form intelligible words. “You’re the…the…prince.”
It wasn’t a question, but he nodded anyway.
She let out a small laugh, rubbing her forehead. “So back in America, that story about you being the son of a wealthy fisherman…?”
“Is true. Father loves to fish.” He shrugged. “Just not for a living.”
“Wow.” She shoved her hair away from her eyes, but it fell right back in place again. “Just…wow.”
He moved it out of the way for her, and she jerked back because his touch sent a burning knife of desire right through her. He might be an asshole prince, and she might hate him for what he’d done to her all those years ago, but damn if she didn’t want him, too, with a passion that couldn’t be denied.
No matter how hard she tried.
“It’s a lot to take in, but I’m the same guy I was back then,” he said slowly, locking eyes with her. “I’m still Leo.”
The boy who had left her and then acted as if she didn’t exist? Yeah. She remembered that boy very well, thank you very much. And that was just the reminder she needed to ignore the need he brought to life inside of her with nothing more than a simple touch. “You’ve made that very clear.”
He blinked. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing. Nothing at all.” She shook her head, swallowing hard, crossing her arms in front of her chest. “So you brought me here under royal guard to…what? Say hello? To let me know we slept together last night?”
His hard, emotionless face didn’t even waver. From the moment he walked in that door, he’d been in control, seeming to have no feeling inside of him besides his weird determination to keep her here. And yet, when he thought she wasn’t paying attention, he stared at her as if he’d like nothing more than to be back in that hallway, touching her and making her scream again. It was unnerving.
“That’s not why I brought you here.”
“Then why?” She crossed her arms. “What do you need from me?”
“Why are you in this country?” he asked.
She tipped her head to the side. Leave it to him to answer a question with a question. “The company I work for is trying to secure a contract with your military to provide high quality Kevlar to—”
He held a hand up, and she broke off immediately.
Weird, how easy it was for him.
“Baker?” he asked.
“Y-yes.” She gripped her arms, angry that he had such a strong presence in the room that he could silence her so effortlessly, and even angrier that despite all he’d done, she longed to throw herself in his arms and demand to know why he never came back for her like he promised. “That’s correct.”
“I see.” He nodded. “We can discuss that during your stay with us, if you wish. I’m the one who makes the decisions about our military.”
She bit her tongue. “My…stay?”
“You’ll be staying here for a week or two, um, depending on the situation,” he said, his tone leaving no room for defiance or discussion. “I’ve had a room made ready for you. It’s blue. I think you’ll like it.”
Stiffening, she bit her tongue even harder.
The arrogant son of a bitch.
Yeah, she was angry, and yeah, she itched to give him a piece of her mind, but he was the prince, and she was in charge of securing this account for Baker, and she had to be diplomatic…no matter what they’d done together while in that dark hallway last night. “And if I decline to stay?”
“I would rather you didn’t.”
She gritted her teeth and plastered on a smile. “Might I ask why you’re holding me captive?”
He rubbed his jaw, lowering his head as he watched her through hooded lids. Only he could make something so simple so freaking sexy. “You’re not a captive. You’ll have free rein of the castle grounds for your entire stay. Servants who will answer your every call or desire.”
“I see.” She widened her smile, even though she was envisioning ripping his stupid little royal crown emblem right off his stupid, hard chest and throwing it in his stupid, handsome face. “Well, you can call it what you will. I’ll call it what it is.”
He nodded once, not even bothering to defend his actions. “I spoke with my father, and even though you’re not—”
Something warm and fuzzy spread through her chest at the mention of his father. He’d been a nice guy—unlike his son. “So he’s still alive, then?”
“Of course. He’s only sixty-three.” He tugged on his collar and lowered his lashes, watching her through them. He’d always had such thick, black lashes, which made his blue eyes look even bluer. “How’s your father?”
She swallowed, because she’d already told him how her father was. She’d informed him of her dad’s death in the letters she sent him, before he offered to come get her and bring her to his country, and left her at the airport with nothing more than a harsh note crumpled up in her hand.
At her silence, his face softened, and he reached out, clasping her shoulder. “I’m sorry, he was a good man.”
“Yeah. He was.” She shrugged free, because his touch burned. “Why are you holding me hostage?”
“For the last time, I’m not holding you hostage.”
The hell you’re not.
Someone needed to give the man a dictionary instead of a crown.
“Then I’m free to go.” She sidestepped him, glancing at the door quickly. “And there’s no guard out there, waiting to stop me?”
He flinched, telling her all she needed to know. “Alicia…”
Well, there was her answer. “Tell me why.”
“Because of last night,” he replied.
She sucked in a breath and held it. “What about it?”
“We were intimate.”
“Yeah.” Her cheeks heated for the millionth time. “I know. I was there, too.”
His mouth quirked up into an almost smile. “You always had such a wonderful sense of humor.”
“Yeah. Fabulous.”
Shaking his head, he sighed. “There it is again.”
It occurred to her, then, that she hadn’t seen him smile this whole time. He’d been serious. Solid. Unshakable. Strong. She racked her brain trying to remember if he’d even smiled once last night. All she remembered were seductive glances and heated strokes that had lit her on fire and could easily do so again, if she let him. “What does last night have to do with you bringing me here?”
“You’re here because of what we did last night.”
She dug her nails into her arms, holding on tightly. “So, what, you hope it’ll happen again, so you’re locking me up to keep me close? That’s kind of pervy for a prince.”
“Well, I certainly wouldn’t mind it happening again. I’d be a fool or a liar to say otherwise, and I’m neither of those things.” He gave her a look that, in any other circumstance, could have melted the panties off a nun. “I’ve never forgotten you, and I’ve always regretted not writing you—”
Rage—pure rage—stabbed her in the heart, and she lost it.
Legit lost it.
“Bullshit,” she spat, poking his chest with her finger and forgetting all about her intention to remain diplomatic for the sake of her company. “You wrote me, and you left me there waiting for you, you…you…shithead.”
He frowned and just stood there, looking confused. Typical man. “What? Waiting where?”
“You—you—God.” She threw her hands up and let out a short laugh. “You’re unbelievable. You’re actually going to act like you don’t know?”
His frown deepened, but he remained silent.
She scowled at him, pushing past him. “I’m leaving. Right now. And you can’t stop me.”
Easily, he caught her arm, stopping her mid step. Even though he held her firmly, his touch was gentle. But his eyes? They spoke another story. They were on fire. “What are you so angry about? Is it because I never wrote you after New York? Because, not to point out the obvious, you didn’t write me, either.”
This guy was something else. What a jerk.
“Liar.” She glared at his hand on her arm, trying to pull free because his skin was touching hers, and her pulse was racing, and she didn’t know whether to kiss him, hit him, or kill him. Maybe all three. “Let go of me.”
He stiffened, anger making his nostrils flare, and he didn’t let go. If anything, he moved closer, his body heat taking over her breathing space mercilessly. “I am not a liar.”
“Yet you say you never wrote me, and I never wrote you?” she asked, letting out a laugh. “I don’t know what else to call it, then.”
“Nothing. Call it nothing.” He tightened his grip on her before releasing his fingers. “Or, better yet, call it the truth.”
“I wrote to you, and you wrote back.”
He shook his head. “I don’t know what’s going on here, but that didn’t happen.”
Stepping away from him and his magnetic pull, she lifted her chin, refusing to even entertain the idea he was telling the truth. Even if, against all odds, he was and he’d never written those horrible letters…he still broke a promise. And he still couldn’t be trusted. “Whatever.”
“Why would I lie about writing letters?” he said slowly, still acting lost.
“It doesn’t matter. None of this does.” She dug her nails into her palms, breathing fast. “Just let me go.”
“I can’t—”
“Yeah. So you said.” She tapped her foot. “Why not?”
“Because we had sex,” he said pragmatically. “As a prince, I have to be sure there wasn’t a child made in the process, so you have to stay here with me, until we find out for certain.”
She choked on nothing at all, coughing and gasping for air. He sighed and studied his nails, clearly unconcerned for her welfare. By the time she pulled herself together, he leaned against the wall, one ankle crossed over the other. As she rubbed her face and let out a nervous laugh, he cocked a brow. “Are you finished, then?”
“You can’t be serious about this,” she croaked, her throat aching. “We used a condom. There is no secret baby.”
“Unfortunately, I am.” He stared at her, not smirking, yet somehow still appearing to have done so. “I don’t joke often.”
“You’re keeping me hostage until I get my period? Seriously?”
For the first time since he walked in the room, his cheeks flushed, and readjusted his stance against the wall. “Yes.”
“That’s…that’s…” Barbaric. Stupid. Ludicrous. “Illegal.”
He rubbed his chin and stared at her, somehow making her insides melt without even trying to. So not fair. “Actually, when it comes to the possibility of royal offspring, I have every right, by Randovian law, to detain you until we’re sure. And since you’re not Randovian, we thought it would be best to have you stay here, with me.”
“God.” She reared back, staring at him. “What happened to you?”
His brow wrinkled. “What do you mean?”
“What made you so…so cold?” she asked slowly.
“I’m not cold. I’m fairly certain I showed you that last night.” He pushed off the wall and stalked toward her. She swallowed hard. He didn’t stop until she was in his arms and his skin was burning into her like a roaring fire on a cold night. He gripped her hip, holding her in place as he lowered his mouth to her ear to murmur, “When I touched you, made you come, I wasn’t cold. When you screamed, your body tensing around mine as I was buried inside you, that wasn’t cold. It was fucking hot, and we both know it.”
She pressed her mouth into a thin line, trying her best to focus on her anger instead of the blazing hunger he brought out in her with his hand on her hip and his hot breath in her ear. “And now you’re abducting me to make sure I’m not pregnant with your baby.” She pressed a hand to his chest, keeping him at a safer distance. “Do you realize how crazy this is?”
“Not just any baby.” His nostrils flared. “The future ruler of Randovia.”
Her belly clenched, her face heating at the idea of his baby inside her belly.
No. So wrong. So very wrong. And still…
“Like I said, we used protection. There won’t be a baby.”
“And you’ll be free to go, once that’s certain.” He ran his knuckles over her cheek. She flinched away, so he dropped his hand to his side, fisting it, and stepped back, finally letting her breathe. “Until then, you stay.”
“Or, instead, I could text you or call you when I get my period.” She lifted her chin. “I’ll let you know when a baby is out of the equation.”
“I’m sure you would, but there have been times where women have lied, so it’s become custom to play it safe. That way there are no little princes or princesses running around unaware of their heritage.” He shrugged, not meeting her eyes. “We simply can’t risk it. It’s a law in my country.”
“So, what, every time you sleep with a woman, you kidnap her?”
He laughed, but it didn’t sound like humor at all. More like a rehearsed imitation of the real thing. “Most women consider it an honor to receive an invitation to stay at the palace. But for the record, I don’t make it a habit to sleep around, for this very reason. If I have sex, it’s with a woman who fully understands the situation, and what comes after. Last night was…special, in more ways than one. When I saw you, I broke my rules.”
“Yay. Lucky me,” she said.
He sighed again. “I understand your frustration, but—”
“I don’t think you do.” She uncrossed her arms and poked him in the chest again. Prince or not, she wasn’t going to tiptoe around him. And if he didn’t like that? Well, he could let her go. “You live in your pretty little castle.” Another poke. “Wearing your pretty little suits.” Again. “And wave your pretty little hand to order me abducted out of a coffee shop before I could so much as finish my croissant.”
He caught her wrist, his grip firm. “Would you like another croissant brought to you, my lady?”
“What? No.” She growled in her throat. “That’s not the point.”
“I know.” He cocked a brow again, not even a hint of anger, embarrassment, amusement—heck, anything even remotely resembling emotion—crossing his face. “That was my attempt at a joke.”
She wrenched free. “Well, I see why you don’t do it often, then.”
He let out another laugh. “Touché.”
She glared at him, not speaking.
“Is it so bad to spend a few nights in my castle?” He reached out as if to touch her again, then pulled back. “I, for one, would like to get to know you again. I’ve always regretted not staying in touch with you.”
If he’d taken literally any other approach to this…and if he hadn’t broken her heart and his trust like he had…maybe she would have liked that, too. But instead, he took what he wanted without asking for it. Instead, he played with the emotions of the people around him, like a puppet master and his marionette.
“I know all I need to know about you,” she said, crossing her arms. “And I have no regrets over how you acted after you left New York. It showed me your true character.” Brushing past him, she yanked the door open. Sure enough, there was a guard standing there, waiting for her escape. It was the same man who had ridden in the car with her on the way here. “Please show me to my room.”
The man glanced over her shoulder, presumably at Leo, and then nodded.
She gritted her teeth.
Leo came up behind her and gripped her elbow. “Alicia—”
“Let go of me.” She snatched her arm back. “And go to hell while you’re at it.”
Everyone around them gasped.
A guard stepped forward, but Leo held up a hand, halting him immediately. Jaw clenched, he bowed. “As you wish, my lady.”
And then he shut the door in her face.





Chapter Seven
Three days.
Three long, agonizing, slow, torturous days.
That was how long Alicia had been in his home.
Once, zero, zilch, nada.
That’s how many times he’d seen her since her arrival.
Every day he sent her an invitation to join him for supper. Every day the servant he sent returned with downcast eyes and a whispered refusal. He got it. He was an asshole for detaining her. He deserved every ounce of her anger and her hatred and whatever else she wanted to throw at him, but he’d expected her to actually give it to him.
Not hide in her room for her whole stay.
That wasn’t supposed to be her style—and it sure as hell wasn’t his.
He was a man of actions, not words, and not being able to communicate with her, or even see her, certainly wasn’t helping his cause…or his guilt over this whole situation.
He’d done enough thinking to last a damn lifetime.
It was time for some fucking action.
He lowered his fist, glowering at the door.
For two minutes now, he’d been standing outside her bedroom, trying to think of the perfect thing to say when that door swung open, but the words wouldn’t come. As the prince, he had to know how to sway the conversation his way with his eyes closed, half asleep, while handcuffed. He could win any argument, anywhere.
It was his job.
But with Alicia, he managed to mess up every single encounter.
Ever since he delivered her suitcases to her room, Harry kept making snide remarks about her hiding out, saying the castle was better off without her roaming around Americanizing everything, but the truth was the country could use a little bit of Americanizing. Harry was just too much of a disapproving snob to see it, and Leo had already started searching for a new aide.
He didn’t need that condescending shit in his office.
Lifting his fist again, he knocked on the door three times. She was here, and he wanted to spend time with her. If that made him an asshole, so be it. He was a fucking prince. He preferred to face his problems, no matter how rough they might be, head on.
Alicia was the most beautiful problem he’d ever had.
The guard he’d sent away earlier came around the corner, saw him still standing there and backed up slowly at the same time as the door swung open.
“Please tell him I’m not interested in his stupid dinn—” The second she saw who stood outside, she cut herself off. “Go away.”
“I—” He barely caught a glimpse of her long hair and bright blue eyes, which was apparently enough to made his blood heat and his heart pound, before the door almost swung shut again. He slid his foot inside it at the last second, barely stopping her from locking him out. She slammed into the door with the force she’d been using to close it, her held breath escaping her in a soft whoosh of air, and pain shot up his calf. “Jesus, Alicia.”
The guard came running toward him, and he scowled at the man.
He immediately stopped, backing off again.
She narrowed her eyes. “Wow. It must be nice to have the power to stop a man in his tracks with nothing more than a magical stare.”
“It would be nicer if my ‘magical stare’ worked on you, too. Or, better yet, my kisses. As I recall, they worked pretty damn well at the club.” He leaned on the doorjamb, sliding his foot inside a bit more. Her cheeks flushed as she sucked in a breath, staring at his mouth before forcing her attention back to his eyes. If nothing else, it was obvious that despite her hatred for him, she still desired him—and he couldn’t stop the surge of satisfaction that punched him in the chest at that knowledge. “Maybe we could try again?”
“I’d rather kiss my own foot,” she said with a cold smile.
Amusement warred with frustration in his gut. It was beginning to become a feeling he associated with Alicia. It wasn’t just that he wanted to be with her—he had to get to the bottom of why she thought he was a liar. It had been eating at him for three days, keeping him up at night as he lay alone in his bed. This had to stop. “You can’t stay in there forever.”
“No, but I can stay in here until I’m permitted to leave.” She tucked her hair behind her ear. “And, for the record, we have no reason to spend time together.”
He raised a brow. “I disagree. You may be in denial, but I see how your body reacts to me.”
“You’re welcome to fool yourself into thinking that, if that’s what you’d like.”
“Let me in, and I’ll show you just how wrong you are,” he said, his tone low. “Several times.”
She bit down on her lip, her breath quickening. “No, thank you.”
It took all his control not to reach through the door, curl his hand around the back of her neck, and kiss her until she stopped hating him long enough to listen.
She wore blue jeans, a gray tank top, and flip-flops. She was the epitome of the all-American girl he’d fallen for years ago, but she was grown up now. All woman. And she was fucking killing him.
His gaze dipped over her soft curves, lingering over the way the soft cotton shirt played with the natural slope of her breasts. It was long and loose, but there was no erasing the fact that her hips fit all too perfectly in his hands. He’d learned that firsthand.
It was something he’d never forget…
No matter how easily she could.
She cleared her throat, cheeks red, and tugged on her shirt as if that would hide her body from him. It wouldn’t work. Nothing would. The way her body felt pressed against his was ingrained in his memory, and it haunted him every night when he laid in bed alone with nothing but his own hand to keep him company. It was a poor substitute for her warm body, which he’d also learned firsthand…no pun intended.
“Stop,” she demanded, pressing her palm to her stomach and taking a deep breath.
“Stop what?” he asked immediately.
“Stop looking at me like you’ve seen me naked,” she finished, biting down on her lower lip.
He smirked, taking in her slim form again. This time he did it deliberately. He lingered over his favorite parts, taking his time. An answering desire darkened her eyes, and she leaned in closer, as if she felt the invisible pull between them that he’d been feeling since the moment she walked into that club.
Hell, scratch that.
He’d felt it back in New York.
“I don’t care how much I still want to jump your bones, I’m not going to—” she broke off, her cheeks instantly turning red. “Oh my God. Did I just say that out loud?”
Satisfaction coiled in his gut, and he leaned in, his chest rising and falling rapidly because she’d just admitted to wanting him. And if she still felt it, too…
It was time to stop playing quite so nicely.
“I didn’t mean to say that. I’m just hungry, for food, so I want to jump your bones…for food…not sex.” She stopped talking, shaking her head. “Yeah. No. That didn’t make it any better.”
He rubbed his jaw, hiding his smile. “Nope.”
“Just go away.” She pushed the door on his foot again, but he didn’t budge.
“You know what the sad part about that is?” he asked, dropping his voice even lower than before.
She licked her lips. “What?”
“I haven’t seen you naked in a long time—but damn, you have no idea how badly I wish I had. I haven’t able to get you out of my head the last three days.” Reaching through the door, he skimmed his knuckles over her shoulder, next to the strap of her tank top, dipping down her arm gently. “If you’d let me, I’d touch you, caress you, kiss you, taste you. Everywhere. But this time, I’d go slowly. Cherish every inch of you intimately, as I should have the first time we were together, until you’re crying and begging me to make it stop. And I will. Make it stop. I promise.”
She sucked in a breath, cheeks pink, and reared back. “Stop saying those things. Someone will hear you.”
“Then let me in, so I can say them in the privacy of your room. Because I won’t stop.” His heart pounded harder at the need he saw burning inside her. “I will never force myself on you, or coerce you in any way, but you can be damned sure I’ll use every fucking chance I have to let you know how badly I want you. Once wasn’t enough. It will never be enough.”
Letting out a small laugh, she tossed her hair over her shoulder and whistled through her teeth. She put on a good show, trying to pretend his words didn’t affect her, but he could see the truth of it in the way she stood, and the way she avoided his gaze, and her quickened breaths. “You’re ridiculous. And just so you know, that…what you just mentioned…was a one-time deal. Never happening again. But you can’t stand out in the hall talking dirty. It’s weird.”
“If you say so.” He gripped the doorjamb. “We had so much fun when we were kids. I’d like a second chance to show you that we can, at the very least, be friends.”
That wasn’t what he wanted. No, his head was filled with thoughts of her in his bed, writhing beneath him. But he wouldn’t push. It was enough just to spend time with her…
For now.
“Yeah, I don’t think so,” she said slowly, shaking her head. “I don’t particularly like the man you’ve become, and I choose instead to remember the boy I knew…before you left New York.”
She hit an arrow straight to the heart with that. What did she think he’d done?
Frustration at her attitude warred with his desire to make her see he wasn’t this monster that she made him out to be. He was just a guy who made a few stupid mistakes as a kid. “You liked me in that hallway, before you found out who I was. You liked it when I fucked you against that wall, hard and—”
“Oh my God, shut up.”
He nodded once. “Okay. But can you at least try to put yourself in my shoes?” he asked quietly. “I told you, I don’t sleep around, and it’s for this very reason. I don’t enjoy detaining a woman to make sure that the condom I’ve been carrying inside my wallet for three years did its job. And—”
She pressed a hand to her stomach, looking a little green around the face. “Three years?”
“Yes.” He cleared his throat and glanced over his shoulder to make sure the guard was a respectable distance away. “That was the last time I…well, you know. I date a great deal. It’s sort of expected. But like I’ve said, I don’t sleep with everyone I date. This antiquated law of ours is a pain in the ass and puts a damper on a guy’s sex life.”
She laughed. “You—a young, attractive prince who could get anyone in this country in his bed—haven’t had sex for three years?” she practically shouted.
Hell, the whole country probably knew now.
“Shh,” he said, glancing toward the guard again, who quickly gave them his back. “Please. Let me in so we can talk privately. I beg you.”
She raised her brows. “Beg?”
“That’s right. Beg.”
“Wow.” Whistling through her teeth, she stepped back, finally releasing his foot from the prison he’d stuck it into. “That must’ve hurt.”
Glancing down, he wiggled his toes. “A little.”
“I wasn’t talking about the foot.”
He shrugged. “My response still stands.”
“Interesting,” she said, eyeing him. “And honest.”
“I’m a straightforward man. If you ask me a question, you’ll get an honest answer.”
Nodding slowly, she watched him more closely. “Why are you so honest?”
“A ruler can’t afford to get caught in a lie. I’ll never lie to you, Alicia. I swear it.”
She stared at him another moment, then instead of saying she believed him or she didn’t, she settled into the chair in the sitting area of her room, she tucked her legs under her and immediately asked, “What’s your biggest fear?”
Easy one. She’d have to up her game if she wanted to make him sweat. “Failure.”
“What’s the best thing about being a prince?” she asked, biting her lip.
“The castle.” It was only partly a joke. He’d grown up here; it was home. A short pause, then he added, “And the cars. I have a lot of fast cars. I could take you for a ride in one, if you’d like.”
She snorted. “Such a guy answer.”
He laughed, the tension in his shoulders loosening at her openness in talking to him for the first time since he brought her here. Despite the past, and whatever she thought he’d done, he truly enjoyed her company. She brought back memories of the boy he’d once been. “Okay, fine. Real answer. I like being able to change the country for the better. I enjoy making laws, and making sure people live by them. I hope to be remembered for my fairness, and for making our struggling country financially stable. I hope to make a difference.”
She blinked at him, her mouth ajar. “How are you going to do that?”
“According to my father?” He lifted a shoulder. “Through marriage to a wealthy princess, of course. He’s got one in particular in mind for me, and she’s willing but…”
“Of course she is,” she said, averting her face. Was that a backhanded compliment, or was he only hearing what he wanted to hear? “And according to you?”
He headed for the bar in her room. “No fucking way that will happen. The only thing she talks about is shoes. I get it, people like shoes, but it’s an obsession. So, that’s a no, according to me. I’m determined, when the time is right, to marry for love.”
“Love?” she murmured. “I didn’t know princes married for that.”
“They generally don’t,” he admitted. “But it doesn’t stop me from hoping I could. I’ve given up many things in my life, without reservation. I live to serve the country, my people, but I won’t give up on that.”
“And if you can’t marry for love?” she asked softly.
All this marriage talk made him nervous. He was young and definitely wasn’t in the mood to settle down. He had a good ten years until that time came…maybe twenty. “Then I won’t marry at all.” Tugging on his collar, he sighed. “I need a scotch. Would you like a brandy?”
“No.” She frowned. “I’ll take a scotch.”
“Are you sure?” He walked toward the bar. “It’s pretty stiff.”
“Yeah. I like it stiff.” The second he opened his mouth, she held up a hand. “Don’t even think about making that a dirty comment of some sort.”
He smirked and gave her his back. “As you wish.”
“I see that.”
He glanced over his shoulder as he uncapped the scotch that he’d had placed in her room before she arrived. “See what?”
“That smile.” She wiggled her finger at him.
“But my face was turned away from you.”
She shook her head. “Doesn’t matter. Still saw it.”
“Impressive.” He poured two glasses of scotch, and set the bottle down. As he crossed the room, he caught her watching him with a soft expression on her face. It sent his pulse racing. “So you’ve developed X-ray vision while at Baker?”
Her eyes lit up at the mention of her work. “Not yet, but we’re working on it. And we have infrared binoculars that are ages above anything anyone else will have. You have to see them to believe them.”
“I’d like to.” He took a sip of scotch. “How long have you been there?”
“A year, and I’ve already seen them make long strides in the protection of our military. We want to do the same thing for you and your country. Take you further.”
He nodded. “I’ve looked over the proposal, and I’m definitely interested in what you have to say.”
“I can answer any questions you might have,” she said quickly. “I’m an open book.”
“What’s your biggest fear?” he asked immediately.
She frowned, still not drinking her scotch. “I meant about Baker.”
“My question still stands,” he said slowly.
“Being left alone in airports.”
“Ah.” He sat across from her, leaning over and resting his elbows on his knees, dangling the glass from his left hand, and putting two and two together. “Let me guess. I’m the one who supposedly left you alone in one, after writing you a letter I never wrote?”
She stared at him, and he could see the confusion written on her face. “Yes. At La Guardia.”
“And why, exactly, were you at the airport?” he asked slowly.
“You know why.”
“I don’t.” He tightened his hold on his glass. “But I assume you’re about to tell me?”
“No. I’m not,” she said simply, staring at him without moving. “No matter what happened that day, it doesn’t change the fact that I don’t like you.”
He almost pushed her for more information. If he knew why she was so angry, maybe he could figure out what had happened. But he sensed pushing her about it wasn’t going to help—it would only make her hate him more.
“Oh, you like me in the one way that matters.” He leaned forward even more, and her grip on her glass tightened. “I think that night in the hallway proved that.”
“That proved nothing.” She stared down at her glass. “Other than the fact that I was desperate to cross an item off my bucket list. Desperate enough to choose you, even.”
He tensed, the sting of her words leaving a mark. “And if not for that item, you never would have noticed me standing across from you in that room. Never would have come over to me and shared a drink, or a laugh, or even a kiss?”
She bit down on her lip. “You’ve offered me honesty, so I’ll do the same. Yes, I would have seen you, and yes, I probably would have thought you were handsome. But I never would have come over to you, let alone kissed you, or found the nerve to go in that hallway with you, without this list burning a metaphorical hole in my pocket.”
“Why not?” he asked quickly, his pulse rocketing when she stared at his mouth, as if she was remembering just how nice it had felt when they’d kissed. He’d give anything to show her how good it had felt, all over again, right now.
“Because it had been a lot longer than three years for me,” she said slowly, the tip of her nose going as red as her cheeks. “Ten years, to be exact.”
He choked on his scotch.





Chapter Eight
She glared at him as he choked on his drink, knowing this was how he’d felt when she did the same thing to him. Only she probably didn’t manage to look regally hot while dying like he did. Sighing, she lifted her glass to her lips and drank. Her confession hadn’t come easily, but something about him vowing to never lie to her, as he stared at her with those bottomless blue eyes, had softened her.
But she already regretted her honesty.
“Guess you weren’t as worried about a love baby back then, huh?” she said drily.
He laughed and coughed. “Uh…no. I wasn’t. If my father knew what we did back then, though…” He left the rest unsaid.
“Well, yeah.” She pursed her lips. “No one’s touched me since you. Does that make you feel good about yourself?”
He looked pretty damn proud of it. “Are you trying to trap me into saying something that will get me in trouble?”
The thought had crossed her mind once or twice, over the years. “Not at the moment.”
“But later?”
She lifted a shoulder, not meeting his eyes. “I’m just giving you the same honesty you gave me. Trying to keep it real.”
“I wish you’d told me that earlier.” He cleared his throat. “I would have been more of a gentleman that night.”
“Against a door,” she said drily. “Riiight.”
He tugged on his collar again. “And you chose your first time in ten years to be in a bar…why…?”
“Bucket list,” she said simply. “I was supposed to have a one-night stand and then ditch the guy after.”
Frowning, he eyed her. “Who gave you this bucket list?”
“Brian.” She traced the rim of her glass. “An old friend. A best friend.”
His face softened. “Is he…?”
“Yes. Cancer.” She twisted her lips and turned away, the familiar absence of Brian in her life hitting her in the heart. “A little under a year ago.”
Brian had been more than her best friend. He’d been her only friend. They’d roomed together in a tiny apartment during college, and he’d never let her down.
And she’d been there for him, too, all the way to the end.
If only he hadn’t had to go so soon.
He shifted and rested a hand on her knee, squeezing. It was a reassuring thing. A gesture of comfort. But even so, it set a fire ablaze within her that she didn’t want to feel, so she pulled away, her heart racing at the soft touch. His mouth tightened, but he leaned back in his seat again and took his confusing touch with him. “I’m sorry.”
She wasn’t sure if he apologized for resting his hand on her knee, or expressed sympathy for her loss, but either way there was nothing to be done for it. For Brian.
Sometimes, life sucked.
And sometimes, it sucked a lot.
At her continued silence, he cleared his throat. “What else is on this list of yours?”
“Lots of things, all meant to make me live and be adventurous, since I suck at that.” She took another sip of the god-awful scotch he’d given her. She preferred brandy, but since he’d stereotyped her, she had to prove him wrong. “Fall in love. Break a heart. Have my heart broken. Get sloppy drunk in public. Visit a foreign city.”
He nodded slowly. “Some of which you’ve done.”
“Two. Actually, one, I guess.”
He frowned. “How so?”
“I might have to cross off the one-night stand one.” She shrugged. “Because…” She gestured toward him. “Well, you know.”
He lifted his glass to his mouth, but didn’t drink it. His brows lowered. “Wait. What?”
“I didn’t ditch you. You’re here. And technically, you weren’t a stranger, and we’d already been together. I just didn’t know it at the time.”
His mouth tightened again, and he looked seconds from combusting.
Fighting back a smile, she added, “I guess I’ll have to find another—”
“It fucking counts,” he growled. “You ditched me quite effectively.”
A laugh escaped her. She couldn’t help it. “If you say so.”
“I do.” He yanked on his collar again. “Mind if I call dinner up, my lady?”
“If you wish, Sir Royal-pain-in-my-ass.”
He let out a half-snort, half-chuckle. “Maybe I should make that my new royal title. It has a certain ring to it, don’t you think?”
“I find it very fitting.”
Without another word, he walked to the door and opened it. He conversed with the guard outside. This one switched duties with two other men, and all they did was stand there. She almost pitied them. He spoke to the man with respect and authority, and from what she’d heard spoken of Leo, he was a well-loved prince.
Clearly.
All she’d heard was how fair he was, and how he fought for equal rights and equal wages, and how cool-headed he was in a debate. The staff who brought her clothes, food, and anything else she needed—except for her phone—extolled the many wonderful traits of their royal prince. Everyone loved him. Adored him. Cherished him. It was enough to give her doubts about what happened. Was he telling the truth about the letters? It wasn’t in her nature to hold a grudge, but this was tough. If he had done what she accused him of—there was just no coming back from that. No matter how “wonderful” he might be.
It didn’t help that all she’d seen was the controlling jerk who had ordered her to his castle.
And, frankly, that was all she wanted to see.
As he spoke, he leaned into the hallway, his pants hugging his hard ass even tighter. She sucked in a breath and held it, heat sweeping over her body as she stared at his big, muscular thighs. He might be the ruler of the country, but he obviously spent as much time ruling a gym. He was lean, hot, and rock hard everywhere she’d touched. She wished she didn’t know that firsthand, but God, she did.
Nodding, he closed the door and turned back to her…
And totally caught her staring at his butt.
That cocky brow of his shot back up, and she turned away, cursing herself. “You like what you see?”
“Nope.” She took a sip of scotch. “Why were you at the nightclub that night? Seems like an un-princely thing to do.”
That should take the attention off my butt-appreciation.
He finished off his drink and went to the little side bar in her room. Once his back was to her, she studied him again. As he poured another glass, he said, “I like to see how the country thinks I’m doing. You’d be surprised how often my name comes up in clubs, and that one is particularly handy because I can darken my hair, put in brown contacts, and hide my face without looking out of place.”
“You do all of that to hear how you’re doing?” she laughed. “Wow. Okay then.”
Stiffening, he turned back to her. “You’re laughing at me. Why?”
“I just didn’t expect you to care what others think about you.” She waved a hand to him. “I mean, look at you. You’re a prince, you walk around in suits, everyone bows to you, but you’re secretly worried they don’t like you.”
“Believe it or not, I do want to be liked, and to be a fair ruler.” He pressed his lips into a thin line. “It’s human nature to want to be liked.”
“If you say so.” She stared down at the amber liquid in her glass. “I don’t really care whether people like me or not. Not anymore.”
“What changed that?”
“I don’t know,” she answered honestly. “Life, I guess.”
Neither one of them spoke. The longer they stayed connected like that, the higher the tension rose in the room. That undeniable attraction between them hadn’t died, not even with him holding her captive, and it buzzed like static electricity in the air between them, threatening to set her on fire. And as angry as she still was at him for bringing her here, she almost understood it. Almost.
Not enough to trust him, though.
“It’s good not to care, in some ways, I suppose,” he said. “I don’t have that luxury, though.”
“Why not? You’re a prince, not a president. It’s not like they’ll vote you out,” she said drily.
“I refuse to be that type of ruler. The kind who doesn’t care about his people’s wishes and thoughts.” He gripped the side of the chair with his free hand. “My father isn’t like that, and I won’t be, either.”
Well, that was…admirable. “I see.” When he adjusted his jacket again, she said, “You can take it off.” She pointed to the tie. “And that. I won’t let anyone know.”
“I know I can.” He raised a brow at her again. “But it’s my duty to look the role, as well as fill it, because you never know when someone will come by the palace and catch you off-guard. One time, my father was in pajamas, and the queen of—”
Someone knocked on the door, cutting off his story, kind of proving his point, in a way. And, despite her desire to remain aloof, she was dying to hear what happened to his father when he was in pajamas, and what the queen had done.
Why did she want to know so badly?
“Give me a minute,” he said politely. It didn’t escape her notice that he stood at attention out of instinct, as if he didn’t know any other way to react to a knock. Setting his glass down, he walked to the door and opened it, nodding at the person outside. “Bring it in front of the fire, please, Samuel.”
While she’d never admit it to him, she was in awe of the overdone opulence of the room. It had plush, tan carpet, light blue walls, softer than silk sheets and pillows, a marble fireplace, and its own bathroom…and, as already mentioned, a bar.
It was huge.
Gorgeous. Rich. Perfect.
After they were alone again, a small portable table rested between their two chairs, complete with a white linen tablecloth, roses, a bottle of Shiraz, two wine glasses, coffee, and chocolate mousse cake. He uncovered a plate, stealing a quick glance at her. It was roast beef, roasted vegetables, and brown gravy. Her favorite meal.
He hadn’t forgotten.
Licking her lips, she hesitated. “Coincidence?”
“No.” He lowered his head and straightened his coat sleeves. Underneath, he wore a buttoned-up white dress shirt, which she’d bet her whole bank account was free of even a single rebellious wrinkle. “Truth be told, I had cook prepare it every night in case you came to supper. That’s part of the reason I insisted you join me tonight. If I had to eat one more plate of room temperature roast beef…”
A laugh escaped her. She couldn’t help it. He quickly lifted his head, as if the sound of her laugh had jarred him. She cut herself off immediately, because he was looking at her as if he’d seen a ghost. “What?”
“Nothing.” He swallowed hard. “It’s just…your laugh. It’s haunted me all these years, and hearing it now…it’s as beautiful as I remembered. Maybe more so. Just like you are. You’re stunning, Alicia. Absolutely stunning.”
“Oh. Uh…thanks.” She sat still, unsure of why his soft words affected her so deeply, so fully, but unable to deny that they did. Her heart warmed, and her cheeks flushed, and she couldn’t look away from him. “I don’t know if yours is the same or not. You haven’t really laughed yet. Not a real one. When’s the last time you did?”
He frowned. “I don’t know. It’s not exactly something I keep track of.”
“Of course you don’t.” Because that wasn’t what was important to him. His own happiness—why should that matter to him? She had a feeling he was always far too concerned with everyone else to worry about himself. And for some reason, that bugged her.
It shouldn’t, but it did. She shouldn’t care. Dammit. In many ways, she felt kind of sorry for him. He’d given up any semblance of a normal life in order to serve his country. There was something to be said about that, no matter how mad she was at him.
Weird that he didn’t know about the airport. She’d bet he remembered every bad thing he’d done in the last ten years. “When’s the last time you let someone down?”
“Three days ago,” he said quickly. “When I brought you here against your will.”
Well, crap. That was a good answer. “You could fix it. You could set me free.”
He tightened his grip on his scotch and tossed it back without a sign of hesitation. “No. What’s done is done. I can’t let you go till we see this thing through. It’s in the books now. Recorded in history. Unfortunately, and I hope you believe me, there’s no way out of this.”
She sat forward, her heart squeezing tight. “Wait a second. You’re telling me I’ll be forever remembered in your history for the fact that I had sex with you in a bar and was held in the castle afterward?”
He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Uh…”
“I could kill you right now,” she growled.
“Understandable,” he said slowly, eyeing her as if watching for any sign of her actually attempting to do so. “But instead, how about we eat, and you tell me more about Baker.”
She pointed a finger at him. “Don’t try to distract me from this mess with offers of a contract once this is over. It won’t work.”
“I didn’t offer a contract of any sort,” he said immediately. “I told you, I won’t lie to you. Don’t think my agreement to discuss your company, or my guilt over detaining you, will make me agree to a business deal. I don’t let business and pleasure interfere with one another like that.”
“So you mean, you don’t have sex in nightclubs with all the women who come to your country to present cases to you?”
Flexing his jaw, he rested a hand on her knee possessively. “You know I don’t. That was just because it was you.”
She trembled at the feel of his hand on her. It was too much. “Please don’t think—”
“And you have every right to be angry, but I can’t be upset or regretful over something that brought you back into my life. Clearly, someone intercepted your letters—”
She snorted.
“And despite your inability to believe that, I’ve thought about you a lot over the years, and you’ve always been special to me. I would like to take this time to get to know you, to see if maybe we can be friends again. Perhaps we could let the past go?”
So many things ran through her mind in that moment. The way they’d met, and how handsome he’d looked at the skating rink in Rockefeller Center on that long ago night. How he’d made her laugh back then, and how she’d done the same for him, and how sad it made her that he’d forgotten how to laugh in her absence. How happy and safe she’d been when he held her close and kissed her sweetly, and how she hadn’t felt safe like that ever since. She’d been so sure he was her soul mate, no matter how young they’d been at the time, that he was the love of her life…
And she’d been devastated to find out she was wrong.
She’d sworn after Brian died to never let someone in her heart again, to never love someone enough that losing him would destroy her, and Leo was a threat to that promise. If anyone could make her forget the pain, the reasons she kept to herself and never let anyone in, it would be him. And she couldn’t afford to let that happen.
Not again.
“No.” She pushed his hand off her leg, even though her heart screamed at her for rejecting him, for refusing to give him a second chance. Even though every fiber in her body begged for him to do more than comfort her. “I don’t want to be your friend, Leo. I just want to go home and forget this ever happened.”
Liar.
His touch was burned in her memory for all time. The way he’d made her feel as he caressed her skin, and how full she’d been with him inside her. How perfectly his lips had fit over hers as he made her come alive in his arms.
She’d never forget any of that.
Not in a million years.
He stiffened and then stood. “Well, then, by all means, I’ll leave. I’ve already forced my home upon you, so I won’t force myself any longer. Good night, Alicia.”
No. Don’t go. Stay. She lifted a hand, not meeting his eyes. She stared at the fireplace instead. It was safer. “Night.”
Without another word, he headed for the door. With his hand on the knob, he hesitated and then turned back to her. “Alicia?”
Reluctantly, she gave him her full attention. The pain she saw in his eyes, the emptiness, struck her like a punch to the gut, and damn him, she ached to stand up, pull him into her arms, and make it all go away. It was like he was silently calling to her, and she couldn’t ignore it any more than she could stop breathing. “Yeah?”
“I am sorry that someone ruined what we had. What we shared together was—is—very special to me. So are you. And you can rest assured I will get to the bottom of this and find out who hurt you with those letters, one way or another.”
She swallowed, not saying anything.
And he left her alone in her room…
Just the way she liked it.
Riiiiight.





Chapter Nine
Knock, knock, knock.
Leo stiffened and set his pen down on his desk a little too roughly, staring at his office door as if he could murder the intruder with nothing more than the force of his glare. After last night’s failed attempt at regaining Alicia’s friendship, and the endless hours of insomnia that had followed, he wasn’t much in the mood for company, or idle chat from a guard who couldn’t read his frown well enough to know he was in no mood for such things. He’d locked himself in his office all day, with strict orders that he wasn’t to be disrupted.
Yet, here someone was.
Fucking disrupting him.
“Enter,” he called out curtly.
The door cracked open, and his father peeked his head in. “Are you busy, son?”
“No, of course not.” Smiling, he shook off his bad mood and stood, motioning his father into the room with a sweeping gesture. “I’m never too busy for you, Father. Come in, come in.”
The older man came inside, shutting the door behind him and letting out a small sigh. “Did you meet with the princess?”
Leo sighed, too, pinching his nose. “Yes. She was lovely, as promised. But, as I said, I’m not ready to commit to a marriage of convenience. Not yet.”
His father sighed. “I’m not getting any younger. And the Princess of—”
“Are you so sure about that?” Leo cocked a brow. “I heard you beat Lord Marshall in an intense tennis match yesterday. The man is younger than me.”
The king waved a hand. “Luck. Nothing more.”
“Well, I’ll continue to count on that luck to keep you around,” Leo said, straightening a pile of papers on his desk. “At least until I find the perfect wife.”
His father sighed. “I’ve been warned you are in a foul mood. Is this true?”
“It is.”
“Why?” his father inquired, coming across the office slower than he normally would have.
Leo rubbed his jaw and came around the front of the desk, perching on it. His father sat in the leather chair he’d had placed for visitors, settling in carefully and looking every inch his age in that moment. It took all Leo’s self-control to keep his hands to himself and not assist his father. “I didn’t sleep well last night. Couldn’t shut my mind off.”
“And did something trigger this night of unease?” he asked, his voice soft as he rubbed his wrinkled forehead. “A woman, perhaps?”
Leave it to his father to be spot on, like usual. “I spoke with Alicia again.”
And she confused the hell out of him, in more ways than one, again.
“Ah.” The other man nodded. “I take it the conversation did not go as expected?”
“Oh, it went as expected.” Leo let out a small laugh. “I expected it to be a failure, and it was. She has no desire to get to know me again, not after I brought her here under duress, and not after I betrayed her.”
His father frowned. “How did you betray her?”
“She thinks I left her sitting at an airport, from what I can tell.” Leo sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I have no idea what happened there, or how she got letters from me that I never wrote, but I can’t fix something I never did in the first place.”
“I see.” His father nodded slowly, looking far too worried for a problem that wasn’t even his. “She told you as much?”
“Yes. Over dinner.”
“Then you need to try harder,” his father said, tapping a hand on the arm of the chair. “Do something to win her over to your side.”
“Or I could let her go, and hope that someday she can look back on me fondly, despite my attempts at keeping her here against her will,” he said drily, knowing that even that was a far stretch. “I think that’s the only wise course of action at this point.”
“You know it’s too late for that. Our customs—”
“Are sexist and outdated.” He gripped the edge of the desk so tightly his fingers ached. “And you know it as well as I do.”
“True. But it is what it is. She’s not the first woman to suffer her fate, and she won’t be the last, I’m certain.” Father shrugged. “Your own mother—”
“Was once in her shoes. Yes, I know.” He gritted his teeth. “She was from our country, and understood our customs. Alicia does not.”
His father stood, wobbling slightly. “You still like this woman?”
Leo hesitated, but nodded, watching his father closely for any other signs of unsteadiness. It wasn’t like him to show his exhaustion so clearly. “Of course.”
“Maybe she’s the woman you’re waiting for?” his father asked slowly, rubbing his forehead again, as if he had a headache. “The woman you intend to marry?”
He liked Alicia, sure. But enough to marry her? To give up his freedom? To relinquish the one thing that was actually in his control, because his father said so?
Nope. Not happening.
He wasn’t ready for that.
“She’s not a princess,” Leo pointed out, latching on to that one fact. “Are you so desperate to see me married off that you’ll forget your rich Princess Genevieve plan?”
That was the princess his father really wanted him to marry. She came from a country that had loads of money and a huge army.
Not that they needed either. Randovia was healthier than most of its European neighbors, because his father was brilliant and a great king.
A legacy Leo hoped like hell to live up to.
His father shrugged. “If it gets you settled? Yes.”
“No,” he gritted out, tired of this same argument they’d had a million times. A million and one, now. “I’m not getting married. Not yet. I need to focus on this country and learning how to run it. I don’t need anything else distracting me.”
“And yet you still wish to court Alicia?”
Leo barely refrained from rolling his eyes at his father’s outdated term for what he felt for Alicia. “I like her, and I enjoy spending time with her, and want to be her friend. That’s all.”
Well, that wasn’t all.
Every time he talked to her, or saw her, or even thought of her, the desire he felt for her grew more and more insistent. If he wasn’t careful, it would consume him. He’d love to get her in his bed again and see all the ways she’d changed underneath those tantalizing dresses and loose, flowing shirts she always wore. If he regretted anything, it was that it had been too dark to see a damn thing in that hallway.
If he had it to do all over again…
“Then think of what made her like you, and vice versa, and then recreate it,” his father said, interrupting his thoughts. “And after you try again, bring her to me. I wish to dine with both of you tonight.”
“I don’t know if she’ll come,” Leo warned.
“She’ll come. Just tell her I requested to see her…” He pointed a shaking finger at him. His face was ashen, almost gray, and he looked exhausted. “After you do something romantic intended to win her over, that is.”
Leo hesitated, but really, what did he have to lose?
She already hated him, so he might as well try. And he’d agree to pretty much anything his father asked, as long as it got him in bed. “All right. I’ll do my best, but only if you go take a nap while I’m out being ‘romantic.’”
The older man shook his head. “I’m not tired.”
“I don’t care. You nap, or I don’t try harder.” He paused a beat. “And I don’t meet that other princess tomorrow, the one that you slipped into my schedule without telling me, even though you’re clearly pushing for Princess Genevieve.”
Holding his hands up, his father winced. “Very well, then. I’ll nap.”
“Good.” Leo pulled him in for a tight hug, clapping him on the back. “Have you heard back yet from the former head of communications about those letters Alicia received?” Leo asked him.
“No.” King Henry frowned, his face going even more ashen. “Not yet. But don’t worry, we’ll find out what really happened, soon enough, I’m sure.”
He forced a smile. “Thanks, Dad.”
His father stepped forward and winced, pressing a hand to his chest. Leo started to reach out to help him steady himself, but the stony stare he shot his way stopped him. “I’m fine. Stop worrying about me and go get your girl instead. I’m not getting any younger, you know. And I’d like to hold a grandchild in my arms before I die, whether it’s through a princess or an American.”
Despite his worry, Leo rolled his eyes. “I’m not marrying Alicia, Dad.”
“We’ll see, son,” he said, grinning. When he smiled, his blue eyes sparkled, and he looked younger than his sixty-three years. “Now, do something that would impress me. Make this forced nap worth it, or you’ll answer to me.”
As he left, Leo picked up the phone and made a quick call. It was just after five in the evening, so it was a bit of a stretch to pull off what he planned at this hour. When he was done, he left his office, and as he climbed the stairs, he nodded at servants and workers who he passed, smiling at each one in turn and greeting them by name. His father taught him at a young age to learn a man or woman’s name and never forget it, because a man who couldn’t remember his employee’s names was not a man worthy of running a country.
It was a lesson he’d never forgotten.
As he approached Alicia’s door for the second time in as many days, he knocked immediately. The door swung open. This time, when she saw it was him, she didn’t slam the door in his face. She didn’t look happy to see him, either, but still.
Progress.
“What now?” she asked, frowning.
“We’re going out, that’s what.”
She stood straighter. Despite her casually disinterested expression, he saw the flare of excitement in her eyes before she hid it. Just like he saw the way she checked out his body, her cheeks flushing delicately as she looked at him again. “Where are you taking me?”
“You’ll see when we get there.”
She licked her lips and glanced down at her black Converse sneakers, tapping the heels together nervously and tucking her long blonde hair behind her ear. It took all of his control to keep his hands at his sides instead of pulling her into his arms. “But where—?”
He held his hand out, locking eyes with her. “Come with me if you want to find out.”
Her cheeks flushed even more at the reminder of the words he’d spoken to her the night they made love, and his gut tightened into a tiny ball in the bottom of his stomach. If only he could show her just how much that night had meant to him, some way, some how. She would forever be the one who got away, but he didn’t want her to go away yet. And he wasn’t sure how he felt about that reluctance.
“Leo…” she said as if she would protest.
“Come on.” He wiggled his fingers, shooting her a dark, seductive look that made her inhale a deep breath and hold it in. “You’ve got to be bored out of your mind in that room all by yourself. Let’s go live a little, maybe knock something else off that bucket list of yours.”
She hesitated. “I actually like being alone, just for the record.”
“I promise not to bite.” His gaze drifted down to her red lips. Fuck, he needed to see if she tasted as good as he remembered—because that didn’t seem possible. “Unless you ask me to.”
She snorted, but her pupils dilated before she shook her head and stepped back. “Not gonna happen.”
“Then you’re perfectly safe with me. So why not go out and have some fun?”
“I would, but you’re the one asking me out,” she said quickly, crossing her arms. “And we both know you forgot how to have fun years ago.”
He wished that wasn’t true, but it was. He couldn’t remember the last time he went out just for the hell of it. “So show me how,” he said, extending his hand to her.
After staring at him a bit, she shrugged and grabbed her purse off the bar by the door. “All right. Curiosity was always my weakness. So…let’s go have some fun.”
A rush of satisfaction punched him, and he grinned, stepping out of the way so she could pass. “Excellent, my lady.”
“Whoa.” She blinked at him, her lips parting. “You do remember how to smile.”
The grin died right away. “Obviously.”
“Well, I haven’t seen evidence to support that.” She shut the door behind her softly, brushing past him. His gaze fell to her perfect ass, because he was only a man, and she was fucking gorgeous. Over her shoulder, she called out, “There might be hope for you yet, Your Royal Pain-in-the-ass Highness.”
He hurried in front of her and offered her an arm, even though he was ninety-nine percent certain she wouldn’t take it. She seemed as averse to touching him as he was addicted to touching her. “I’m not the only one who changed over the past ten years, you know.”
“I never said you were,” she said quickly, eying his arm as if it were a weapon. Slowly, she reached out and curled her pale hand around his bicep. Her touch burned through his jacket, making his already erect cock stiffen even more, and his pants too damn tight. “But, out of curiosity, how do you think I’ve changed?”
“You’re more closed off. More cautious. Aside from the night we spent together, before you found out who I was, you’ve barely shown me anything other than cold indifference and a bit of sardonic humor.” He led her down the hallway, nodding to people as they went. They all stared openly. “Of course, that could be because I’m holding you against your will, but still, from what you’ve told me, you’re not the girl who saw a boy skating across the rink, came over, and introduced herself before inviting him to come see her in The Nutcracker.”
She pressed her lips together, looking none too happy with his assessment, and tightened her grip on him. He half expected her to pull away, but she didn’t. “You’re right. I’m not that girl anymore, and that’s a good thing, if you ask me.”
He side-eyed her. “Why?”
“Because that girl was naive, and way too willing to believe in the good in this world.” She tightened her hold on him. “She was also easily hurt.”
Right. By him, supposedly. “And now you’re not?”
“Well, when you lose everyone you love, and you’re alone—” She twisted her lips, staring straight ahead. “You kind of realize it’s better to stay that way.”
“Alone?” he asked softly.
“Yeah.” She stared straight ahead. “It’s just safer that way.”
He thought on that, and the girl he’d known back in New York, who had tightrope walked a wall that was easily twenty feet off the ground in ballet slippers…just for fun. “Since when is being safe so damn important to you?”
“Since I grew up and realized it was better than being hurt,” she answered, her voice cracking. “It’s just not worth it.”
He stared at her, pain for her loss hitting him deep. While he still wasn’t sure what happened all those years ago, it hurt him that she’d been damaged by the past. That carefree girl he’d known was gone, and though he didn’t know how, he felt responsible.
And he understood all too well what it felt like to be alone.
“What happened to you?” he asked softly.
“The same thing that happens to everyone.” She lifted a shoulder. “Life.”
“Life doesn’t have to harden you,” he said, nodding at another employee of the palace.
“I disagree. I think it’s a part of growing up. Life’s disappointments are what make you stronger. They’re what make you…you.” She tugged on a piece of her hair, scrunching her nose up adorably. He’d always liked her tiny button nose. And her sparkling eyes. And the way her beautiful smile always turned into a musical laugh that captivated him. Hell, everything. “They’re what make you survive, too. You take those lessons, and that pain, and learn from them.”
“What if someone you love hurts you?”
“Then you never let them do it again,” she answered quickly, her fingers slipping on his bicep. “And you don’t give second chances to people who taught you a lesson.”
He let out a small laugh. “That’s a very black and white view in a world full of color.”
“The rest of the world might see colors,” she said. “But I don’t.”
“Well, that’s just sad.” Servants opened the front door for them, and he led them to the town car without another word, mostly because he didn’t know what to say. When they reached the driveway, he tipped his head toward the car door. “Ladies first.”
She shot him a look, but slid inside. She wore a black shirt today, and a pair of blue jeans that hugged her perfect legs and ass like an art form. Once he settled in beside her, before he even closed the door, she tapped her fingers on the seat and said, “So where are we going?”
“You really don’t like surprises, do you?”
“Last time I was in this car I was being abducted by a prince.” She gave him a hard look. “So I’m a little cautious now.”
He shrugged a shoulder. “Well, this time that asshole of a prince is taking you out, not locking you up. And, to be fair, you’re free to roam the castle grounds and gardens. You’re the one who refuses to leave your room.”
She frowned at him. “How do you know that I haven’t left?”
“Because I asked.” He gave her a look, reaching into his breast pocket. “Do you honestly think I haven’t asked after your welfare the whole time you’ve been here? Every day, I ask how you’re settling in. And every day, I’m told you haven’t left your room, but are doing well otherwise.”
She looked out the window. “That’s because I choose not to leave.”
He shook his head, uncapping the bottle of tequila he’d pulled out of his jacket. “Go to the library, at the very least. Do you still love to read?”
“I do.” She eyed him and the drink in his hand nervously. “What are you doing with that?”
“Throwing it out the window at my people, just for fun.” He blinked at her. “That’s considered fun, right? If not, I’m a fuck up.”
She rolled her eyes, but a smile that she couldn’t hide from him played at her lips. “I never thought princes cursed so much.”
“Only with people I trust.” He lifted the drink. “But, anyway, if I recall, an item on your bucket list was to get sloppy drunk, so I figured I might as well help you cross off another item, since you’re stuck with me for now.”
“Oh God.”
He smirked. “Scared?”
“Never,” she replied quickly, holding out her hand. “Give me some.”
“In a second. Oh, and here.” He reached into his left pants pocket and pulled out the item he’d forgotten existed until this morning, when he found it on his dresser. “I didn’t mean to keep this from you.”
Her fingers brushed his as she snatched it away, leaving a trace of her skin on his. “Oh, praise baby Jesus.”
“You missed it, I assume?” he asked, offering her the bottle.
She hesitantly took it from him, lifting it to her lips and taking a swig. Swallowing, she cringed and swept her hand across her mouth. “God. That’s awful.”
“I know.” He grinned at the face she made—half disgust, half pain, 100 percent adorable. “That’s what makes it so good.”
She shuddered, holding the bottle out to him. “If you say so.”
“You didn’t answer my question,” he reminded her, smirking. “Did you miss your phone?”
“Wouldn’t you miss yours if it was taken from you for four days?”
“No, I don’t think I would.” He shrugged and took the bottle back, frowning down at it. “Truth be told, I’d love for someone to take my phone from me for that long. To have some peace and quiet. But…”
She stared at him, and for the first time since he’d revealed his identity to her, she wasn’t looking at him with anger. Reaching forward, she took the bottle right back out of his hand and took a healthy swallow of the amber liquid. Coughing, she pounded her chest and rasped, “But sometimes you just wish you could escape, even for a short time?”
“Yes.” He turned to her. “Very much so.”
“I get that.” She broke off their eye contact and looked out the window, clutching the bottle so hard her knuckles whitened. “I think everyone, at one time or another, wishes that they could run away.”
He didn’t say anything to that because from what he could piece together from her life, she’d done that. She ran, and something told him she hadn’t stopped yet. “In New York, with you, I kind of got to feel anonymous.”
She took another drink, not even wincing this time, and offered him the bottle. At this rate, she’d be sloppy drunk well before they arrived at their destination, and he’d be carrying her over his shoulder, caveman style. The idea had some merit.
“Because you lied about who you were?” she asked.
“No. Because I was with you.” He lifted a shoulder, taking the bottle and putting the cap back on. She stared at his fingers, her lips parted. “With you, I was someone else. The same thing happened in that nightclub, and I feel it now, too. You bring out something in me that no one else does. I don’t know why, or what it is, but with you, I can just…be me, and I don’t have to pretend to be anything but that.”
Slowly, she met his gaze again, her soft blue eyes softer than ever before. Her pupils were a little dilated, and her cheeks more than a little flushed. “And that’s not something you get to do a lot?” she asked quietly.
“No,” he said simply.
Shaking her head, she clucked her tongue and lowered her lids. “Well, that’s just sad. You should be able to be yourself around anyone.”
“Guys like me, we can’t let our guard down unless it’s with someone we trust. A spouse, a child, a father, or a sibling…only one of which I have.”
She licked her lips and gripped her knees, eying the bottle of alcohol in his hand. “You don’t have any brothers or sisters?”
“I told you in New York I didn’t.”
Shrugging, she avoided his eyes. “I didn’t know if that was true.”
“I didn’t tell you any lies. I just didn’t tell you my real identity. If you’d asked me back then if I was a prince, I would have told you the truth. But I liked that you didn’t know. That you treated me like a regular guy.” He rested a hand on his knee, tapping his fingers. “Everything we had was real.”
After a moment of silence, she nodded. “Okay.”
They were almost at their destination. Uncapping the bottle again, he took a drink and handed it off to her. She took it readily. “It’s just me and Dad, so he’s the only one I can talk to freely, which is probably why he wants me married off as soon as possible.”
She winced. “To that princess he likes.”
Was it just him, or was that jealousy tingeing her tone? “Yeah.” He rubbed his jaw, watching her closely. “I get it. He’s worried that after he succumbs to his illness, I’ll be alone and that I’ll stay that way.”
“What’s wrong with him?” she asked, her grip tightening on the bottle.
“His heart. The doctors say he has a year, maybe two, left.” He swallowed hard, because the idea of losing his father hurt. It always did. He couldn’t imagine a world without him in it. “It’s not something I like to dwell on, but it has forced me to realize that eventually I’ll need to make some changes in my life for the good of the country—but mostly for him.” Hell, he owed it to him.
To be the best man he could be.
The best ruler.
She hesitated, her brow crinkling, and took a long drink. After she lowered the bottle, she handed it back, wiping her mouth again. “Such as…?”
“Marriage. Babies. Princesses.” He gave her a level look. “I’ve been avoiding it until now, but once we know what’s going on with us…”
She pressed a hand to her stomach, looking more than a little queasy at the reminder of why she was here, with him, in his town car, drinking tequila, when they both knew she wasn’t going to be pregnant. Yes, protection failed sometimes. But the chance of that happening to them was literally somewhere between zero and seven percent.
He’d Googled it.
“Who is she, then?”
“Who is who?” he asked, taking one last drink, watching the way she took a deep breath and the affect it had on her breasts. He forced his eyes north—and caught her watching him with that same intense scrutiny.
“The lucky princess your father picked out.” She stole a quick glance at him then stole the bottle. She swallowed a mouthful of tequila, and he took the bottle back, capping it and tucking it away. “The one who will bring money, and military force, and strength to your country, as well as herself.”
“Her name is Princess Genevieve.” He dragged a hand through his hair, blinking as the world around her was spinning a little bit. That hadn’t taken long at all. Clearly, he was losing his touch. “She’s nice enough, I suppose, but there’s nothing there. I told you, unless you’re a fan of shoes, you won’t have much in common. And there’s no chemistry.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, her words slurring together slightly.
“She doesn’t make me ache so much that all I can think about is touching her. Kissing her. Having her.” He hesitated but then reached out, caressing her cheek. Her eyelids drifted shut, and her lips parted on a sigh, and he trailed his fingers over her jaw. “She doesn’t pull me apart with nothing more than a sarcastic comment that’s meant to tear me to shreds but really only makes me want her more. She doesn’t make me feel…anything.”
A small breath left her lips, and she swayed closer. “Leo…”
He ran his fingers down her arm “She doesn’t make me feel like this.”
Curling his other hand around the back of her neck, he leaned in, seconds from rediscovering just how perfect her mouth felt against his. She let out a moan, giving herself over to him, but her eyes flew open as the car stopped. The second she realized how close he was to kissing her, she lurched back, breathing heavily, and touched her fingers to her un-kissed lips.
She dropped her hand to her lap and took a long, drawn out breath. “Well, I’m sure she’s lovely, anyway.”
“Yeah.” He clenched his jaw, knowing that if that car hadn’t stopped, she’d be in his arms right now, and he’d be kissing her until they both forgot all about Princess Genevieve. “Lovely.”





Chapter Ten
Desperate to look at anything other than Leo, and the passion in his eyes that threatened to consume her in one giant bite, she glanced out the window. They’d pulled over to the curb in front of an ice cream shop. God knew she could use some of that to cool off the heat raging through her body at that almost-kiss.
“Alicia, I—”
“Ice cream?” She cut him off, knowing whatever he was about to say would be sweet, and perfect, and designed to make her trust him again. But she didn’t want to. “That’s what we’re doing?”
He flexed his jaw, then opened the car door and got out, holding his hand down for her. “Not just any ice cream. The best ice cream in the whole country—maybe the whole world.”
A nervous laugh escaped her as she slid her hand inside his, because the feel of his skin on hers again was almost too much, and she was seconds from forgetting all her reasons for keeping her distance and just freaking kissing him already. “It’s that good?”
“Yes,” he said, shooting her a long look out of the corner of his eye. “The kind of good that starts in your belly, and slowly spreads through every inch of your body until everything feels so amazing you just want to die.”
A shiver swept her, because she knew exactly how that felt. He’d shown her in that hallway. He led her to the ice cream shop, opening the door for her. She walked inside, stopping when she saw it was completely empty. “That’s pretty…descriptive.”
“Is it?” The shop door shut behind them, and he locked it.
She laughed uneasily. “So…ice cream.”
“Right.” He walked behind the counter, watching her from under his ducked head. “Still like rocky road?”
“I’m more of a cookie dough kind of girl now,” she said slowly, biting her lip and watching him far too closely. The afternoon sun played with his hair, making it look darker. “Are you supposed to be back there?”
“I asked permission. The owner agreed to give us a few hours alone in the shop.” He gave her a small smile, making her heart flutter. “I’m going to make you my favorite sundae. It’s a secret recipe that no one else knows.”
A surprised laugh escaped her, and she stepped closer, even though she knew she should stay as far away as possible from him. “You make your own sundaes?”
“Of course I do.” He scratched the back of his neck. “Why do you sound so surprised?”
“You have cooks. Maids. A valet. Everything you’d see on Downton Abbey, and more.”
He frowned. “Downton what?”
“Never mind.” She waved a hand. “What I’m saying is, you have people to do this stuff for you.”
“Yeah.” That brow cocked up again, and he slid his hands into latex gloves like he’d done it a thousand times before. “And?”
“Annnnnd I would assume they make your sundaes for you.”
Obviously.
“Then you’d assume wrong. Contrary to what you seem to think, just because I’m a prince doesn’t mean I’m incapable of doing anything for myself.” He opened the freezer. “I bet a lot of things I do would surprise you.”
Despite her nerves, and her resistance toward him in general, she found herself leaning on the front of the freezer and saying with genuine curiosity, “Oh yeah? Like what?”
“Like…” He pulled a dish down from the back shelf. “I work here once a month.”
She pursed her lips. “How do people not recognize you?”
“Same way they didn’t in the club.” He touched his head. “We wear hats, and I darken my hair to hide the blond so no one realizes who I am. It’s a fun little escape.”
“I’m sensing a theme,” she said slowly.
“What kind of theme?” he asked, perching the scoop over the rocky road ice cream and lifting a brow at her in question.
“You’re like Jasmine, in Aladdin.” She pointed to the chocolate cookie dough ice cream on the opposite side of the freezer. “You like to pretend to be normal, like everyone else, because you feel trapped.”
He snorted. “I’m not Jasmine, and I’m not trapped.” He shrugged, digging the scoop into the ice cream. “Though I’d look awesome in her little blue outfit and would love to have a tiger.”
“You’ve watched Aladdin?” she asked, surprised he even knew what she was talking about.
“My little cousins love Disney,” he replied with a smile. “Especially Jasmine.”
“You have cousins?”
“Yes. They’re girls, ages eight and nine.” He got another bowl. “My mother’s sister was twelve years younger than her, so it was a big age gap.”
“What else do the girls like?”
He winced. “Putting nail polish and makeup on me.”
She leaned on the counter, watching him with fascination. She couldn’t help it. Picturing him playing with two girls who literally dressed him up was adorable and…enticing. “What else do you let them do?”
He scooped out his serving of strawberry ice cream. “Whatever the hell they want. It’s a great escape—” he broke off, meeting her eyes.
“Again, with the theme,” she said softly.
“Yeah, I guess.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s a great way to escape the stress of the office and the decisions I have to make there.”
“What’s the last big decision you had to make?”
“It was against a hostile nation to the west of us. If they don’t back off on their missile testing, then we’ll be forced to respond accordingly.” He closed the freezer, his shoulders tight. “I have a feeling my warning won’t scare them off.”
She tensed. “What happens if it doesn’t?”
“Then the United Nations will get involved.” He lifted his head. “And that possible contract with Baker might get a lot more necessary.”
“I hope it doesn’t,” she said, biting her lip. She wanted the deal, yes, but not at the cost of others’ lives, and not at the expense of Leo’s country, which he so clearly loved.
“Me, too.”
He silently opened up the fridge, pulling out a jar of cherries. She blinked rapidly, because the booze had hit, and things looked a little fuzzy, and it almost looked like he held two jars instead of one. “So, what’s the secret ingredient?”
“Remember our date at Serendipity?” he asked, ignoring her question.
She pursed her lips, remembering how handsome he’d looked across the table that night, staring at her as if she were the most important person in the world to him. No one had ever looked at her like that again. “We shared a ridiculously huge sundae, and drank sodas, and stayed until the shop closed and they kicked us out.”
Every once in a while, she sat outside the restaurant.
Relived the moment.
It was pathetic.
“Yep. One thing that was on that sundae?” He picked up another jar. “These.”
She squinted at the jar. “Nuts?”
“Not just any nuts.” He grinned, looking far too excited about nuts. “The same exact ones. I have them shipped to me once a year so I never run out.”
A smile played on her lips. “Seriously?”
“Yep.” He wiggled them under her nose. “This is one of my secret ingredients.”
She licked her lips, watching him pour hot fudge on both their treats. “There’s two?”
“Yeah,” he said simply.
“Why go through all that trouble for some nuts?”
He side-eyed her. “Honestly? Because every time I put them on a sundae, it takes me back to that date, and I smile.”
He kept saying things like that.
Sweet things that made her want to believe he actually meant them.
It was dangerous.
He handed her the sundae, his gaze locked on her mouth. She nervously took the bowl, her fingers brushing his. Jerking back, she walked over to the table by the electric fireplace in the corner of the room. “So you think your nuts are so good they’re orgasmic?”
He choked on a laugh. “Uh…”
“God.” She rolled her eyes, but couldn’t stop the smile that crept into place. “You’re such a dude.”
“What man in all of the world, in all of history, would not pause at that question?” he asked, grinning as he came around the corner of the counter. “And, yes, my nuts are that good.”
“Well, then…” She pursed her lips and lifted the spoon. Holding it out to him, she laughed as she said, “To your delicious nuts.”
“To my nuts,” he echoed, laughing and tapping his own spoon to hers as he sat across from her. The drinks in the car had hit her pretty hard, and the world was spinning a little bit. Or maybe that was from the force of his laugh.
Around him, it was hard to tell.
She put the spoon in her mouth, licking it clean. Closing her eyes, she sucked on it, a small moan escaping her. “Oh my God.”
“You found the other secret ingredient,” he said, his tone deep.
She nodded enthusiastically, lifting her lashes. “What kind of hot fudge is this?”
“Salted caramel dark chocolate nut fudge.” He leaned back in his chair, looking far too sexily casual in the face of her delight. “It’s my own recipe.”
“Seriously?” She dug her spoon in again, shaking her head. “You missed your calling.”
He shifted closer. “Meaning?”
“You should be selling this stuff, with this ice cream, and your fantastic nuts.” She sucked on the tip of the spoon again. “It’s like crack.”
He stared at her mouth for a beat, his silence filling the air with sexual tension. When he finally spoke, it was a relief. “My mother owned this shop, once upon a time, so I guess you could say it’s in my blood.”
She froze. “She did?”
“Yes. That’s why I work here occasionally.” He scooped up more ice cream, savoring it with a sigh. “It makes me feel closer to her, somehow.”
Well, crap. He had to go say something so sensitive, so freaking perfect, that it blew everything she thought she knew about him out of the water. A man who missed his mother like that couldn’t be all that bad. “How old were you when she died?”
“Twelve.” He ate another bite of ice cream, but she could see he was in another place and another time—more than likely with his mother at his side. He smiled, but it was as sad as his eyes. “She was a good woman. A great queen. An even better mother.”
Reaching out, she squeezed his hand, locking eyes with him. He inhaled deeply, holding it in as he held on to her hand. And, though she didn’t want to admit it, there was no denying the fact that she didn’t want him to let go. “I bet she was.”
“How old were you?” he asked softly.
“Six. I don’t really remember her.” She swallowed, reluctantly taking her hand back. She missed his touch immediately—which was a bad, bad thing. “She was shot on the subway on her way home.”
They hadn’t spoken about this in New York. They’d been too busy falling in love.
“I’m so sorry.” He set his spoon down. “That’s awful.”
“Yeah,” she said. “Death always is.”
He leaned in and brushed a smear of chocolate off her mouth, and she froze, heart racing at the speed of light. When he spoke, his voice was hypnotic. “We’ve both lost too much, Alicia. Being here with you reminds me of what we had, all those years ago. And I’m going to be honest and admit that I don’t want to lose you again.”
She touched her lip where he had, fear pulsing through her veins instead of blood. She wanted to pull him closer, but was also well aware that she had to do the opposite, for the sake of her own heart. A heart she wouldn’t let him break twice. “Leo, I—”
His phone rang, cutting her off, and she reclined in her seat, letting out a short breath of air. The interruption was a relief, because she had no idea what she’d been about to say…but it probably would have been something she would regret afterward.
Something impulsively romantic.
He glanced at the screen, frowning. “It’s my father. I have to take this. Do you mind?”
She shook her head. “Of course not.”
“Thank you,” he said. Then he swiped his finger on the phone, lifting it to his ear. “Dad? Are you okay?” Silence, and then: “I will. Did you get some rest before you got the call?”
His father spoke in reply, and she swore she heard her name.
She leaned in closer.
“Good.” After another short pause where his father spoke, his voice too low for her to make out, Leo rolled his eyes. “Over my dead body. Bye, Dad.” He hung up and glanced at Alicia. She shoved ice cream in her mouth, trying her best to look as if she hadn’t been trying to listen in. “My father isn’t able to join us for dinner after all.”
She paused, blinking at him. “Was he supposed to?”
“Yes. I just hadn’t asked you yet.”
“Why not?” she asked, cocking her head.
“Because I figured you’d tell me no.”
She pressed her lips together and lowered her head, playing with her mostly eaten ice cream because it was easier than looking at him. He was so handsome that sometimes it hurt—like gazing directly at the sun. “You’re probably right.”
“Can we just—?” he started.
“I told you, I don’t do second chances,” she said flatly, avoiding his gaze. If she looked at him, she might waver. And if she wavered, he’d end up hurting her again.
He caught her chin and didn’t let go. “I’m not asking for a second chance. Because we’re adults now, different from the kids we were back then. I’m asking for a new chance, as the people we are now.”
She remained silent, watching him.
What he said made perfect sense, and that’s what terrified her.
“All I’m asking for is an opportunity to prove you can trust the man I am now, even though the boy I was then let you down.” He smiled, running his thumb down the hard line of her jaw. His soft touch made her shiver and sent a warmth through her heart that she couldn’t deny. “I want to show you my country, the way we’d planned, and let you see why I love it as much as I do. I want you to love it, too. And most importantly? I want to be your friend, Alicia. I think we could both use one of those.”
She licked her lips, opening her mouth then shutting it. There were so many reasons she should say no, and so many reasons to tell him to take his offer of friendship and stick it where the sun didn’t shine. But he was watching her with soft blue eyes, and he looked so freaking lonely, so very vulnerable, that instead of saying what she should, she listened to her screaming heart instead.
“Okay. I’ll be your friend, Leo, but that’s it.”
A grin spread on his face, and he picked up his spoon, too, looking at her like it was only a matter of time until that friendship became something else entirely…something that involved no clothing, a bed, and lots of pleasure. “You won’t regret this.”
Funny. She already did.
He was going to hurt her and damn if she wasn’t going to let him. Because this fantasy friendship was just that, and nothing would change the fact that they were two people from completely different worlds. He had to marry a princess, and she had a life to get back to in New York.
She stuck another spoon of ice cream in her mouth. You’re probably laughing up there, aren’t you, Brian? He’s totally going to break my heart—again.
One more thing to check off the bucket list.





Chapter Eleven
The next day, Leo knocked on Alicia’s bedroom door at precisely two o’clock in the afternoon. His heart pounded hard against his ribs when he heard her footsteps approaching the door. He tugged on his sleeves to make sure they were perfectly even, and readjusted his tie.
Nothing but the best for Alicia.
The door swung open, and there she was, fucking beautiful in her light pink dress, like usual. “Oh. Hi.” Smiling, she asked, “Can I help you?”
He gave her a long look that hopefully told her he saw right through her nonchalance. Leaning on the doorjamb, he crossed his arms. “I’m here to take you on an another adventure.”
She let out a small laugh. “What kind?”
“One that needs sneakers along with that pretty dress you’re wearing.” His gaze slid down her body, and everywhere he glanced looked even better than the first time he’d checked her out. “And, damn, Alicia. That’s a pretty amazing dress.”
She bit down on her lip, and he’d bet his kingdom that in her mind she was back in that hallway with his hands running over her body, and that she wanted to be there again—but was too scared to actually do it. “Thanks,” she said simply.
“Ready?”
“Uh…” She nodded once, grabbed her purse, and started out the door. He followed her, placing one hand on her lower back. She glanced at him, licked her lips, and asked, “Where are we going?”
He smiled. “You know I’m not going to tell you that.”
“Of course not.” She shook her head. “You’re having way too much fun with this.”
“And yet you accused me of having forgotten what fun was.”
She laughed. “True.”
“Turns out, I remember.” He led her down the stairs, smiling at a maid as they passed. “Any time I get to spend with you is fun.”
She cleared her throat. “How’s your father?” she blurted. “Is he still in Greece?”
That was what the phone call at the ice cream parlor had been about. His father had been called away on business.
“Yes.” He side-eyed her, aware of her attempt to change the topic to a safer subject. “He’s in heaven right now.”
“How so?” she asked quickly.
“There are a ton of marriageable princesses and nobles lurking around.”
She stiffened where his palm rested on her back. “Maybe if he’s so fond of them, he should marry them.”
He laughed, stopping at the car, because there was no way he was mistaking the jealousy seething in her voice this time. “I told him that once.”
She slid into the car, arranging the skirt of her dress around her thighs as daintily as any princess would. Commander Jonathon watched over them, standing at attention. “What was his reply?”
It took him a second to remember what they were talking about, because he’d been caught up in how beautiful the afternoon sun made her hair and eyes look. “He said there was only one wife for him, and he’d see her again soon, so you could be sure he’d be a free man when he did.”
She glanced down at her lap, blinking rapidly. “How romantic.”
“Yeah.”
He watched her out of the corner of his eye as the car pulled away from the palace. Up until these past few days, he never could have imagined actually feeling that way about someone—loving them so much that after they died, they still held on to your heart. But now…he could see it.
And that probably wasn’t a good thing.
When this was over, he had no doubt that Alicia would walk away from him, return to America, and never look back. She barely tolerated him. Things were a little easier after yesterday, but she was still keeping her distance from him.
As soon as she was clear to do so, he had a feeling she’d be on a plane home.
And that twisted his gut for reasons he didn’t want to examine.
He had to remember they had a short time together, days really, and he wanted them to part, at the very least, as friends. He didn’t want forever, and he didn’t want her heart…
Did he?
The car slowed down at the royal gardens, beeping playfully at the children bustling throughout the rows of plants. He leaned forward, pressing the intercom button, and asked, “Would you pull over, please?”
“Yes, Your Highness.” The driver pulled to the side.
“What’s going on out there?” he asked, smiling.
“The school is on a field trip, sir,” Commander Jonathon said from the passenger seat. “Picking roses and picnicking in the fields.”
“How wonderful,” he said, watching them all run and laugh while harried teachers chased after them. “Did they not want to come to the palace, then?”
“They were supposed to, but when your father had to leave, they cancelled that portion of the trip.” Jonathon paused. “They were supposed to meet the king.”
“Well, why didn’t they meet me instead?” he asked, frowning.
“You were in meetings all day, sir.”
That was true, but damn it, if he didn’t have time for the children, then he didn’t deserve to be a prince. He thought of the evening hike he’d planned on doing with Alicia, where they could watch the sun set on top of Mount Jevereaux. It would have been romantic, and perfect, and when the time was right, he’d want to kiss her…
But he wouldn’t.
He’d thought it over, and nothing good would come out of rushing to get her back in his bed, despite the temptation to do so. He had to show her he wasn’t the same guy he used to be, that he could be trusted. He had to go slowly.
Or she’d run.
And he might not know much, but he knew one thing: he didn’t want her to run. He wanted her to stay, he just hadn’t quite figured out for how long.
She leaned forward, staring out the window. Then he felt her eyes on him for a second before she said softly, “I love roses, too, you know.”
“Would you mind—?”
She rested her hand on his knee, smiling. “I’d love to go pick roses and have a picnic with you.”
Something hit him in his chest, so hard that for a moment he thought he’d been shot. But there was no blood on his shirt. Slowly, he reached out, cupped her cheek, and said, “You’re the most beautiful person, inside and out, that I’ve ever known, Alicia Forkes.”
Her cheeks flushed, and she lowered her lids, hiding her soft eyes from him, but not before he saw something flash across them. Something that looked a lot like fear, which didn’t make any sense. She bit down on her lip and shifted away from him slightly. She still smiled at him, but it looked forced. “Ready to go have some fun?” she asked.
“It wasn’t what I planned, but those kids…”
She nodded. “Those kids.”
Without another word, he opened the car and got out. She slid out behind him, and the teacher closest to them froze, jaw hanging, and quickly curtsied. “Your Highness.”
He inclined his head. “Hello, Miss…?”
“Grant. Ms. Grant.” She curtsied again, her gaze wandering toward Alicia with curiosity. “I hope you were aware of our plans to be here—?”
“Of course,” he said, glancing quickly at Alicia, not quite sure how to introduce her. “This is a business consultant from America, Alicia. Alicia, Ms. Grant.”
Alicia stiffened, but smiled. “Lovely to meet you.”
The other woman inclined her head with respect. “Likewise, miss.”
“We saw the children having fun and simply couldn’t resist stopping.” He gestured back to the car. “We have our own food, of course.”
Alicia blinked at him.
“Of course.” Then Ms. Grant gestured for the children to come closer. “Children, line up! The prince is here.”
They all fell into perfect rows, looking far too serious for such a young age, standing at attention like little soldiers. All but one of them, that was. He knelt down in front of the child, a little girl with long blonde hair. It wasn’t a far stretch of the imagination to picture Alicia as this child—restless, adorable, and spunky.
“What’s your name?” he asked her, smiling.
“Fiona,” she answered with a slight lisp, dipping down into a clumsy curtsy. “Your Highness.”
“Perfect curtsy,” he said, standing and bowing to her.
She smiled. “Perfect bow, too, Your Highness.”
Alicia made a strangled sound and tucked her hair behind her ears. “Indeed.”
“Are you having fun?” he asked, grabbing her tiny hands and squeezing them, smiling at the rest of the children.
“We are,” Fiona said.
“Do you like roses?”
The little girl nodded enthusiastically.
Leo snatched two pink ones off of the nearest bush. “A pretty rose for a pretty lady,” he said, offering one to the child. Then, he turned to Alicia, holding out the second bloom. “And for another pretty lady.”
She licked her lips, reaching out with an unsteady hand to take the flower. When her fingers brushed his, for the first time ever, she didn’t immediately recoil. If anything, her touch lingered. “Thank you,” she whispered.
He smiled, bowing. “You’re welcome.”
The teachers hurried the children back to the paths, and Alicia stood beside him, clutching her rose and staring at him with an almost resigned expression. She watched him with a warmth in her eyes that made him think maybe, just maybe, she didn’t hate him after all. “You look like you have something to say.”
She nodded once, opening her mouth then closing it. She opened it again, shook her head, and then said, “You continue to surprise me is all, and I’m not sure how I feel about that.”
“You know what I think it means?” he asked softly, cupping her cheek and stepping into her personal space, but not so close as to spook her.
Or to kiss her. Definitely not that.
She sucked in a deep breath, meeting his eyes. “What?”
“Maybe the world isn’t so black and white after all.”
After a moment of silence, she tightened her grip on her pink rose, pressed her mouth into a tight line, and nodded. “Maybe it’s not.”
And that, ladies and gentlemen?
Was a win.





Chapter Twelve
Three days later, the town car stopped in front of a huge, domed structure, and Alicia sucked in a deep breath as she tried to figure out where he was taking her this time. For the past couple of days, Leo had been taking her all over his country. They’d gone to see a ballet, which had made her ache to get back on stage, and then to a mountain to watch the sun set, where she’d felt like she was literally on top of the world again.
And through it all, Leo was a perfect gentleman, a great man, an even greater prince, and he was killing her with his kindness. The thing was, she could absolutely see he was different from the boy he’d once been. But she was a changed woman, too.
One who didn’t want to get hurt again.
Every time he took her somewhere, or spent time with her, or made her laugh, he got closer to creeping back into her heart. Her nerves were already wrecked from being in a car with him yet again, and he kept telling her funny jokes that made her laugh.
Maybe a little bit too enthusiastically?
“And then the queen said, ‘Honestly, Henry. I would have thought a king would be far too mature for pants covered in ducks in the bathtub.”
“Oh my God.” She laughed, covering her mouth. “Were they wearing shower caps?”
“Pink ones,” he said, grinning.
“Oh, dear.”
“And he had a matching button-up shirt.”
She lost it, laughing harder than she could remember laughing. The story of the time his father had been caught unawares by the queen had been bothering her last night, so she finally asked for the rest of it—and was quite happy to have done so. “What did he say?”
“He straightened his spine and said, ‘Maybe you’ve been married to the wrong type of king, then, Your Majesty.’”
Shaking her head, she chuckled, glancing out the window. “I can totally picture him saying that, too.” Being with him was just like that last time—fun, a rollercoaster ride up to the top of the hill. But the thing about going up?
You inevitably had to come back down.
If she fell for him like the stupid girl she’d once been, what good would come of it? He’d blown into her life once, stolen her heart, and then left just as abruptly. And he would do it again, if given the opportunity.
She had no doubt of that.
He opened the car door and stood, reaching a hand down to help her out. The second she was upright, she pulled free and wiped her hands on her thighs, her fingers still tingling where he’d touched her. It was ridiculous how much of an effect his skin had on hers. “Where are we?”
“The Royal Arena.”
She stared up at the building. They were at the back door, so there was no hint as to what was inside. “What are we doing?”
“Come with me, and you’ll find out.” He started for the door, and she followed him closely, her heart racing with excitement at this newest adventure, no matter how many times she reminded herself not to fall into his trap again. “Are you still a size six shoe?”
She stopped in her tracks. “You remember my shoe size?”
“I remember everything you ever told me,” he said softly. Hesitantly, he entwined his fingers with hers and offered her a small smile. “Size six?”
Holding onto him felt good.
Too good.
Swallowing hard, she stared at him, unsure what to say. So instead, she nodded wordlessly, and let him lead her into the building. The second they were inside, she froze.
There was a skating rink ahead, and there were decorated Christmas trees all over it, even though it was summertime and quite hot outside. Christmas music played over the speakers, and two pairs of ice skates sat by the door in boxes.
She stood there, unable to move, and just…
Stared.
Swallowing hard, she turned to him and said, “Leo…”
“I still remember you wearing those ballerina tights, with your cheeks flushed from the cold and your laughter, but you just kept skating anyway.” He reached out slowly with his free hand and tucked her hair behind her ear, letting his fingers trail down her neck and over her shoulder. “You were so alive. So free. I envied that. And I just had to have a taste of that freedom for myself, through you.”
She swallowed a moan, forcing herself to look away before she did something stupid like throw her arms around him and never let go. Because, God, she wanted to. But she wouldn’t. Couldn’t. “I can’t believe you did all this for me.”
“Every time I hear classical music, it brings me back to that time I saw you on that stage, dancing your heart out. It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen.” He tightened his grip on her fingers and cupped her cheek with his other hand. “Do you still dance, my lady?”
She shook her head, the endearment not annoying her like it used to. Now, it sent a bolt of warmth shooting straight to her heart. “No.”
“Why did you stop? What happened?”
Everything happened.
She’d told him in those letters exactly what happened to her. The other times he pretended not to know something, she rolled her eyes and moved on. But this time…maybe it was the trip down memory lane, or maybe it was the way he kept looking at her, all sadness and bright blue eyes, she finally considered the possibility that he hadn’t left her standing alone in that airport after all.
That he was as innocent as she was in this whole thing.
And that terrified her.
Knowing he had hurt her, and would do so again, was the only thing that kept her heart safe from him. The only thing that reminded her to keep her distance.
If she lost that…
She lost everything.
“He died,” she said flatly. “My father died. When you don’t have a parent, you lose money for dance classes, and then you lose your home, and everything you hold dear. It’s just…gone. You’re alone, and no one cares anymore.”
Not even you.
He stared at her; his hard jaw was set, but his eyes were haunted. “How old were you when he died, Alicia?”
Young. Too young. “Sixteen.”
“But that was—” He reached out and covered her hand. “That was the year after we met.”
“Six months, actually.” She swallowed hard and avoided his soft stare. It was too much. “I wrote you and told you about it.”
“I didn’t get the letter. I swear on my crown, I didn’t get it.”
She pulled free, because she wanted to believe him, but to believe him was to let him back in, and if she did that, she was scared of what he’d find. “Whatever. It was years ago. It’s ancient history.”
“No.” He grabbed her chin and lifted her face to his. Her heart tried to pound a path right out of her chest and into his hands. “It’s not. You needed me, and I wasn’t there, and it’s never going to be okay. I should have written to you like I said I would.”
She swallowed, because tears were burning the back of her eyelids, and that was unacceptable. Girls like her didn’t cry. Her eyes burned and her throat ached, and even though it had been years since she last felt a tear roll down her cheek, she recognized the signs well enough.
If she opened her mouth, a sob would come out, and she’d make a fool of herself. And then she’d be in his arms, and he’d be holding her, and by the time the tears dried, she’d be putty in his hands—putty he’d destroy. Because no matter how much she might like him, or hope to make something real out of this, one thing just wasn’t going to change. She wasn’t good enough for a prince, and there was just no escaping that.
Which was why he’d ruin her…
If she let him.
“Where did you go after he died? Your grandmother?”
For some reason, him bringing up a woman she’d never met took away the looming tears. If she focused on her, on people who weren’t her beloved father, maybe she could pull herself together. “She’s been dead as long as I can remember, so definitely not.”
“Then where—?”
She shook her head and pulled free of his touch. “It doesn’t matter, does it? I went somewhere, and then I went somewhere else, and then to another place, and another. Then that place, all those places, led me to here. With you. Right now. And that’s all you need to know.”
“Alicia—” He stared down at her, as if trying to read all her thoughts, and all her dirty little secrets, but the thing was…they weren’t his to discover. Not if she didn’t want him to. He must’ve seen something in her eyes that told him as much, because he broke off and turned to his guard. “Please leave us, and don’t come back in until I call for you.”
She recognized one as the man who’d ridden in the car with her the day she’d been abducted. He saluted and said, “Very well, Your Highness.”
The man motioned for his fellow guards to follow him out. The second the door closed behind them, Leo relaxed visibly. He still stood ramrod straight, but it was a difference in the way he held his face, and his hands.
Less as if he were a statue that would crack if he moved.
When he spun back on her and opened his mouth, she cut him off before he could speak. “I dare you to take off your suit jacket.”
He frowned and glanced down at the item in question, looking adorably perplexed at her dare. “I don’t have a proper dress shirt on underneath. If someone saw me—”
“What are you wearing underneath?” she asked, reaching out and tugging on the stiff lapel. “A Hello Kitty shirt? Disney Princesses? Transformers? An American flag?”
He frowned. “Alicia.”
“Take it off.” She crossed her arms. “I dare you.”
“I—” Slowly, he gripped the first button, glancing over his shoulder at the door where the men had exited. When he turned back to her, there was a devilish light burning in is eyes. “You really want to see what I’m wearing under this?”
“Yes.” She nodded. “I really, really do.”
She was really hoping for a Princess Jasmine shirt.
Anything else would be a disappointment.
“Fine.” He undid the first button then stopped. “But what are you going to take off, in return?”
A small laugh escaped her, and she covered her mouth. “Seriously?”
“Well, I think it’s only fair.” He gave her a long, lingering once-over. One that left her tingling in places she had no right tingling. Not for him. “Gender equality and all that. From what I hear, you’re big on being treated fairly.”
She huffed. “Do you blame me?”
“Not at all,” he said quickly, grinning lopsidedly. “It’s something I’m working on in my office every day. Trying to get Randovia up to speed with America.”
Taken aback, she blinked because she had no clue he cared about that at all. Between that sexy grin, and his admission, he just got, like, a million times hotter. Which put him on par with the sun, basically. “You are?”
“Yes.” He smirked. “So what’s it going be? What’s coming off?”
“My shoes?” she asked hopefully.
He rolled his eyes and let out a snort. “No dice. The coat stays on.”
She laughed nervously, her heart racing with…with…excitement. This version of Leo, the rebellious and playful one, never failed to remind her of the boy he’d once been, who was a lot more fun than the stiff, pretentious man she’d thought he’d been when he snatched her off the streets. A lot more dangerous, too. “Fine. I’ll take mine off, too.”
That cocky brow of his shot up, and he stared at her loose shirt. “All right.”
“You were awfully quick to accept that offer.”
“I know a good deal when I see one,” he said offhandedly. “On three?”
She nodded once, biting down on her tongue while trying not to grin, because she had something up her sleeve…literally. “On three.”
“One.” He undid another button, and she gripped the hem of her shirt. “Two.” Another button, and she fisted the shirt she’d thrown on this morning. “Three.” He shrugged off his jacket, and she tore her shirt over her head. He sucked in a breath and dropped the gray jacket as if it meant nothing to him. “Jesus.”
She let go of her sweater, laughing and glancing down at the skin-tight camisole she wore underneath. “I never said I didn’t have another shirt underneath.”
“I was well aware of the fact that you did,” he said, staring at her as if he’d like nothing more than to pull her into his arms and convince her to remove this shirt, too. She pressed a nervous hand to her stomach. “If that even qualifies as a shirt, that is.”
She glanced down, heart racing, at her see-through camisole tank top. She’d forgotten about that, and her sheer black bra clearly showed. “Of course it is.” Then she gestured toward his plain white, short-sleeved, button-up shirt, hoping to take the attention off her breasts. “And what’s so wrong with that shirt?”
“There’s no royal crest, and it’s short-sleeved,” he said matter-of-factly, staring at her as if she’d lost her mind. “I have to wear long sleeves in public.”
“Even in summer?”
“Yes.” He undid the top button of his dress shirt. “And it has to be buttoned up, too.” Watching her closely, he undid the second button, revealing a light dusting of dark chest hair. “It’s very important.” And then the third button came undone.
She whistled through her teeth, trying her best not to drool, but probably failing miserably, because God, he looked good enough to eat. “Rebel.”
“For you.” He undid the last button, leaving his shirt hanging open in a casual manner. “I can try to be.” He grabbed the hem. “I was, once.” He paused, staring at her mouth. Something told her he didn’t even realize he did it—but that didn’t make her reaction any less powerful. “Okay, twice.”
She licked her lips, her eyes on his rock-hard pecs. Under those were six perfectly defined and toned abs. It took all her control not to reach out and touch them, especially since he wouldn’t mind if she did. In fact, he’d probably like it. “Twice?”
“The hallway in that nightclub.” He stepped closer, his chest rising and falling, and smoothed her hair off her bare shoulder. His fingers lingered over her skin, teasing her, making her ache to beg him to stop being such a gentleman and take what he wanted so she wouldn’t have to resist him anymore. “I never have sex in public, with a woman who may or may not go tell the press about it afterward. The risk is higher than the reward. But then I saw you…”
Thank God you did.
Wait. What?
She exhaled, slightly out of breath, watching him with a hunger that couldn’t be denied. “And you broke all your rules for a stranger in a mask.”
“Yeah, but only because I knew who you were.” He skimmed his finger down her bare arm, leaving a trail of goose bumps in his wake. His gentle, featherlight touch sent shivers down her spine, and even though she shouldn’t, she swayed toward him when he dipped his head down, his gaze locked on her mouth. Her heart sped up, and her limbs grew weak and shaky, and she knew, she just knew, he was going to kiss her, and she was powerless to stop him.
Thank God.
She bit down on her lip, placed a hand on his bare, hard, hot chest, not even bothering to pretend to push him away. His chest hair felt so crisp against her fingers, and she ached to close her fist over it and tug him closer until he did it. Until he kissed her. “Leo…”
His lips stopped a mere breath from hers, and he tensed. Slowly, oh so slowly, he pulled back, no longer on the verge of kissing her. Relief and disappointment warred within her for control. She declined to say which of them won.
But she kind of wanted to punch him.





Chapter Thirteen
That had been a close call. He’d been so careful not to press her, not to try to sweep her away in his arms again, with kisses and broken promises. He’d done that to her once, and he refused to do it again. She’d been clear when she’d agreed to spend time with him that all she wanted from him was friendship.
And he was okay with that.
But if he wanted any chance at something more than a night in bed together, he had to play his cards right. Time was running out, and she’d be going back to America soon, but that didn’t have to be the end of their relationship. Not this time.
This time, he’d fucking write.
And text.
And call.
If he had his way, this friendship was the start of a lifelong commitment of some sort—though he wasn’t sure what type of relationship he was looking for yet.
Just…something more.
But if he kissed her, all of that would be ruined. Because if their lips met, there was no way in hell he’d be able to stop there. He’d need to kiss all of her.
Every damn inch.
And then she’d push him away after.
Leo was trained to be rational, level-headed, smart, cautious, and kind in all things. His father taught him to never take unnecessary risks or hope for the impossible, and to always think of others’ wellbeing before his own. When it came to Alicia Forkes, though, he was the biggest fool to ever walk on this side of the planet. Rational decisions didn’t exist with her.
There was just hope.
Stupid, foolish, ignorant hope.
He was determined to keep her in his life this time.
If only he had a magic carpet he could take her for a ride on. That would fix everything. She’d fall in love with him and never want to leave.
“So, ice-skating.” She cleared her throat and averted her eyes, clearly not wanting to admit they’d almost kissed, and he knew why. She wasn’t ready. “I haven’t done this since that day we were together.”
He forced his mind back to the present. “Why not?” he asked, sitting on the bench next to the skates to undo the laces of his black leather boots.
She sat down next to him, letting out a breath as she ran her hands over her pants, up and down, as if trying to warm herself up. It took all of his control not to wrap his arm around her and pull her in close to share his body heat. Reluctantly, she said, “Dad died, and I moved, and all those things I did for fun just…stopped.”
He wanted to ask, so fucking badly, where she went. But just like he knew she wasn’t ready for a kiss, she wasn’t ready for him to press her for information about her past—especially since she was convinced he already knew it all. “I’m sorry.”
She side-eyed him. “For what, precisely?”
“Everything. Not writing you, for never going back to the city to find you, and for taking you in that hallway like I did.” He took a deep breath. “Also, for my actions afterward, in bringing you to the castle. I’m sorry for it. All of it.”
She turned to face him, her lips parted, so close to his own that all he had to do was lean in and they’d be touching. He didn’t move a fucking muscle. “That’s a lot of apologies in one breath.”
“I’ve messed up a lot.” He shrugged, hanging his hands between his spread knees, to keep them off of her. “I can see that.”
She remained silent, lifting a shoulder in a half-shrug.
For a few moments, she didn’t speak. It was as if she couldn’t figure out what to say to his apology, and maybe that was a good thing. But, knowing his luck, it was probably bad. She’d open her mouth, tell him to fuck off, and he would—
“I stopped skating because I went into foster care, and it wasn’t a good home.” She pulled off her left sneaker, and then her right. “After that, everything went downhill. Everything.”
He swallowed hard, biting back the questions that came, questions about exactly how bad it had been for her, and where she’d gone after it got bad, but instead he focused on the other side of her confession. The unspoken one. “And that’s when you wrote to me and ‘I’ told you to go to the airport?”
“That was later.” She pushed her foot into a skate. “Much later.”
“I see.” He slid into one skate and then his other before asking, “How much later, exactly?”
“Two months after I ran away.” She finished tying her second skate and held a hand out for him. “Ready to skate?”
He stared at her hand, since it was the first time she’d ever willingly initiated bodily contact with him, and slowly ran his eyes higher until he locked gazes with her. She looked so guarded, yet so vulnerable, that it physically hurt him not to stand up, pull her into his arms, and promise with a kiss to protect her for the rest of her life.
But she didn’t want protection, and she didn’t need him.
And that was a promise he wasn’t sure he could keep.
Once upon a time, he had fallen in love with the girl she had been. And now, facing the woman she had become, despite all the odds stacked up against them, there was no doubt he could easily fall in love with her all over again, if he let himself.
And if he did, he would never let her go.
Was that what he wanted from her?
Love?
But she’d made it more than obvious the feelings weren’t mutual. She was sexually attracted to him. Her body gave that away. But more than once she’d said she didn’t like him. It was difficult for him to admit that he couldn’t have what he wanted. Stupid, since he wasn’t really sure what that was.
If he seriously wanted to make this something more than a tentative friendship on her part, he’d have to continue working to regain her trust, and there was a good chance, even after he did everything he could to show her he wouldn’t let her down again, even after he tried his damned best to make her believe in him again…that she wouldn’t.
His father’s comment about her possibly being the woman to be his queen, flashed through his mind.
Was she?
Damn if he didn’t want to find out.
That was a risk that was well worth the reward.
But it was important he tread carefully. No matter what, he wouldn’t be the one to hurt her. Never again.
“Leo?” she questioned, looking confused.
Shit. How long had he been lost in thought?
“Yes, I’m ready.” Reaching out, he entwined his fingers with hers, not waiting to see if she would pull away or not. “You probably don’t like this, but don’t read too much into it. I just want to make sure I don’t fall flat on my ass and embarrass myself.”
She glanced up at him through her long, thick lashes, and smiled, her eyes dancing with laughter. “Now that’s something I’d pay to see.”
“I’m sure there are quite a few people who—” He stepped onto the ice, and sure enough, he did it. He fell flat on his ass, and took her down with him. They hit the ice hard, and he pulled her on top of him in an attempt to keep her from getting hurt. She ended up sprawled on top of his chest, with her legs between his, and she slammed down on him so hard that the breath came right out of his lungs. “Oof.”
She lifted her head, eyes wide, and stared down at him with parted lips—lips that were so damn close and kissable it hurt to not take advantage of that. Her hair cascaded over her shoulders and on either side of his head, and her cheeks were as pink as the tip of her nose. “Oh my God. You hit your head. Are you okay?”
Her hair tickled his nose, and her knee had come uncomfortably close to jamming his cock, and he wasn’t sure if he’d be able to walk without limping, but he’d died and gone to heaven, so none of that mattered anymore anyway. Her body was pressed against his in all the right places, she was in his arms for the first time since that night in the hallway when she hadn’t even known who he was, and she smelled like roses.
So right now, he was pretty damn good.
“Leo.” She waved a hand in front of his eyes. “Hello?”
He blinked and framed her face with both his hands, unable to resist touching her when she was lying on top of him. “You’re so beautiful.”
To his surprise, she didn’t pull away, or stiffen, or even look annoyed. She slowly traced the line of his jaw, her focus on the spot she touched. He didn’t dare to so much as breathe, in case he scared her off, or ripped her out of her thoughts. “Why didn’t you come to the airport like you promised? Everything would be so different now.”
“I would have come, if I’d known,” he said, running his thumb over her lower lip gently. “I’ll come from now on, no matter how far away you are, or how many years pass. If you call me, I’ll be there for you. I promise.”
She licked her lips and shook her head slightly, her eyes solemn. “It’s too late for those types of promises.”
“It’s never too late to make a promise you intend to keep,” he said slowly, running his thumb over her lip again. “And I swear to you, here and now, that I’ll keep that promise, as surely as I’m going to kiss you right now, because, damn it, Alicia, I need to fucking kiss you.”
Without waiting for a reply, he tugged her head down to his, closing the space between them, and captured her lips. She moaned into his mouth, her palm pressing more firmly to his cheek, the other one resting over his heart. His pulse raced, and he slid his tongue inside her mouth, tasting the pure sweetness that was Alicia Forkes.
When she parted her lips and pressed her tongue to his before slowly circling it, he growled and explored her body, slowly learning all her curves with new hands. Cupping her ass, he pushed his hips up, pressing his erection against her softness. She held on to him tightly, rolling against him wantonly before spreading her legs and resting her knees on either side of his hips.
Every single reason he had for not touching her flew out the window, because there was no stopping this. No stopping the tidal wave of need crashing over his head, dragging him under until all that was left was this.
Alicia.
He lifted his hips, arching them up so he thrust against her as he took command of the kiss from her. She gasped when he gripped her ass hard and rolled her onto the padded floor beside the rink, settling between her legs before she could so much as gasp at the change. The second she wrapped her legs around his waist, he rocked against her, cursing the clothes between them.
Closing his palms over her large breasts, he skimmed the sides of his thumbs against her hard nipples. She moaned and ran her hands down his back, digging her nails into the skin through the thin cotton shirt he still wore, before bringing them around front to his bare chest. As she spread her fingers through his chest hair, he broke off the kiss and licked a trail down her neck, right over her racing pulse.
“You have no idea how many times I’ve dreamed of this, of having you in my arms, naked and writhing and mine.” He twisted her nipples a little roughly, biting down on her shoulder at the same time. “After all these years, and all that time, the dream is back, and you’re in my arms, and there’s no way in hell I’m letting you go. Never”—he slid his hand over her smooth stomach and then under the waistband of her leggings—“again.”
“We shouldn’t—” She gasped and arched her back, her eyes drifting shut before popping back open with alarm. He ran his finger over her before thrusting two fingers inside her warm, wet heat. “Oh my God, yes.”
He buried his face in the crook of her neck, inhaling her soft, floral scent and memorizing the way she felt, pressed up against him, straining against his fingers. And his memory chose that awful moment to come crashing back into him. He wasn’t supposed to be doing this, damn it. But at the same time, he couldn’t leave her wanting and hungry and frustrated. So he’d make her come…
And then he’d stop.
Gritting his teeth, he quickened his strokes. “You have no idea how hard it is not to take you right here, right now. But it wouldn’t be playing fair, and I refuse to play dirty with you ever again.”
She arched her back and let out a small moan, clearly past the point of caring, but he kept talking anyway because it was the only way he would remember why he couldn’t take her like he wanted to. A small gasp escaped her when he rolled his thumb over her wet, swollen flesh. He ached to close his mouth over her, to bring her to pleasure with his tongue, but he couldn’t do that here and now.
It would have to wait.
But she wouldn’t.
She screamed and lifted her hips, struggling to get closer to him than she already was, her body shaking and straining for release. “Yes.”
As he slid two fingers into her again, he buried his other hand in her hair and tilted her face up to his, and kissed her again, his teeth digging into her bottom lip. As he fucked her with his hand, bringing her higher, he drank of her sweetness, knowing he’d never get enough of touching her, kissing her, having her. There was no such thing. She was an addiction he couldn’t kick.
Her skates slid on the floor, poking his thigh and ripping through the thin fabric. “I—I—” She broke off when he thrust into her hard, crooking his fingers just right. She arched her neck back, closed her eyes, and screamed, “Leo.”
Just like he asked her to.
He groaned and dropped his forehead onto the floor next to hers. His whole body ached with the desire, the need, to bury his cock inside her wet, pulsating heat. His fingers were still inside of her, and she rocked her hips against him, riding that last wave of the orgasm he’d just sent her on, and fuck, he wanted to hop on that wave, too.
Lifting up on his elbow, he wiggled his fingers to send another pulse of pleasure racing through her, and kissed her one more time before pulling back and saying, “It’s taking all my control not to rip your pants off, flip you over, and slam into you. Just so you know.”
“What’s stopping you?” She licked her lips, but didn’t open her eyes, almost as if she didn’t want him to see her yet. “Why don’t you want to?”
“Oh, I want to.” He smoothed her hair back, and she slowly lifted her lashes and stared up at him. The hesitance, the fear, he saw in those bright blue eyes of hers took his breath away, but he forced a smile for her anyway. “But you don’t trust me. Once I change that, and once you know I’m not the type of guy to leave you standing there alone in an airport, then you’re all fucking mine. And I’m not losing you this time.”
Cheeks flushing, she opened her mouth. “I’m not…this was just a moment of weakness, a rekindled attraction. It doesn’t mean anything.”
Bullshit. She was just pushing him away again, because it was what she did. She held him off any time he made progress toward not being a monster in her mind anymore. He’d be damned if he let her do it this time, though.
“Now who’s the liar,” he said softly.
She tensed beneath him.
At some point, she had to see what was right in front of her eyes—this incredible connection they had to one another was something they had to explore. He started to speak, but before he could get a word out, the door behind them opened.
He stiffened, knowing they’d been caught red-handed…
By his royal guard.
He froze, not moving except to shield her from their view as best as he could with his hand still down her pants. “I believe I ordered you not to disturb us,” he said through gritted teeth. “Leave us. Now.”
“My prince,” Commander Jonathon said, bowing low. “I’m sorry, but I received word from the castle. It’s your father. He…he… I’m sorry, Your Highness.”
No. No, no, no, no. Everything around him fell silent, and he was in his worst nightmare, one that he’d been avoiding ever since his father’s first heart attack. But this wasn’t happening, not when he was in an ice-skating rink, surrounded by men, with his fingers still buried inside Alicia’s body. “No.”
“We must go,” Commander Jonathon said. “Quickly.”
“Is he dead?” Leo asked flatly, knowing if he were, a part of him would be, too. “Do we know?”
“I’m uncertain. He came home, claimed he was tired and wanted to rest, and then collapsed. He’s being brought on the private helicopter to Holy Mother’s Hospital.” He bowed again, grasping the door, being careful to keep his eyes off of Alicia. “We’ll wait out here for you to…get dressed, Your Highness.”
With that, the door shut behind him, and they were alone again. He tried to think of something, anything, to say, but all he could think was he might be losing his father.
“Leo.” Alicia placed a hand on his chest, right over his heart, and stared up at him with wide, endlessly blue, caring eyes. “Stay positive. We don’t know anything yet.”
“Yeah. Okay.”
Carefully, he withdrew his hand and struggled to his feet. Alicia stood, too, pulling her shirt back down and running her fingers through her hair. He watched her, not moving, because once he did, he would get to his father’s bedside and maybe find out that he’d lost the only person on this planet who truly loved him. The man who had taught him how to be a man.
His father.
They silently took their skates off, and he buttoned up his shirt. After he grabbed his coat, Alicia reached out and entwined her fingers with his, much like he had done to her earlier, and squeezed reassuringly. “Don’t read too much into it. I just want to make sure you don’t fall.”
He locked eyes with her. “I can’t lose him, Alicia. I’m not ready.”
“We’re never ready, but you haven’t lost him yet. Don’t give up hope.” Avoiding his eyes, she grabbed her shoes, and he did the same. “Let’s go be with your father.”
He followed her, empty inside because he felt it, deep down…
It was too late.
His father was gone.





Chapter Fourteen
By the time they got to the hospital, Alicia’s heart was pounding and breaking simultaneously. Seeing the pain, the fear, in Leo’s eyes was tearing her in half, and she wanted to make him feel better—she just didn’t know how. Holding Leo’s hand in her lap, running her thumb over the back of his knuckles, she stole a quick look at him.
He stared out the window, blankly, at the hospital where his father had been taken. His possibly dead father.
If he was gone, Leo would feel a pain that she would never wish upon anyone, not even her biggest enemy. Losing her father had literally changed her life. It had ruined her. Destroyed her. And for Leo, not only would he endure the loss of a parent, but the loss of a ruler, too. He’d become a king. He wouldn’t have time to grieve, or suffer in silence.
He’d have to comfort a whole country instead.
Her heart hurt for him.
She covered their hands with her other one, ignoring the warning bells going off in her head when he clung to her as if she kept him grounded in the midst of all of this pain. “Shit,” he muttered. “The reporters are already here.”
She glanced past his shoulder, and sure enough, there were at least fifteen newsmen out there, with cameras and microphones primed and ready for him to get out of the car. “What do you want to do?”
He frowned, not speaking.
The glass dividing the driver from them rolled down, and the guard who rode up front said, “We’ll take you around the back, but there will likely be a few of them there, too. Will Ms. Forkes be staying in the car, or going inside with you?”
Leo looked at her, his brow furrowed. “I…”
After he drifted off, she squeezed his hand. “I’ll go in with you, if you want. For support. I’d like to be there for you.”
It wasn’t until she said the words, until she admitted that she wanted to go with him, that she realized how very true those words were. She didn’t want to go back to the castle alone, she wanted to be with him, by his side, supporting him. She wanted to put herself out there and trust, for once, that he hadn’t done all those horrible things.
That he was as innocent as she was.
His fingers flexed on hers, and she started to undo her seat belt. He covered her hand with his, smiling sadly. “You don’t have to do that.”
“But—” she started.
“Would you like us to take Ms. Forkes home?”
Leo glanced at her. She stared back, silently awaiting his judgment call, since it really wasn’t up to her. His father. His country. His decision. “Yes, please. We don’t need people asking questions about her…or digging into her past. It’s going to be zoo.”
And that hurt more than a slap to the face. He didn’t want anyone to wonder why he was hanging out with the orphan who’d run away from her foster home was basically what he was saying. He didn’t want anyone to find out who or what she was to him.
Because I’m not good enough for him.
I never was.
Swallowing hard, she turned away, instinctively hiding the pain his words caused her. She’d been prepared to be by his side if he needed her. He apparently didn’t, because he didn’t need anyone digging into her past. Because he was, what, ashamed of being associated with her?
The worst part was that he didn’t even know the half of what she’d had to do to survive. Had no clue she had to sleep in her car or eat every meal in soup kitchens, or how she begged for college scholarships, until she finally got one.
You name it, she’d done it.
And she’d do it all over again to get where she was today.
Well, maybe not exactly where she was.
But in her career, with her small apartment back in Harlem, with her cat and fish, which her neighbor was taking care of for her. All of it was hers, fair and square.
She’d fought for it.
And she’d won.
There was no shame in that.
They circled around the building in silence, and she purposely avoided looking at him again, because as much as he’d hurt her feelings by his rejection, and his refusal to be seen with her publicly, he didn’t need to know that. He had enough to worry about already. But it only drove home the fact that she was right to keep him at arm’s length and not to believe his soft promises and his warmly whispered feelings. When push came to shove, he’d leave her sitting in a car, or an airport, and he’d walk away.
Again.
When they stopped, the door opened and Leo slid out of the seat, releasing his hold on her instantly. The second he stepped outside the car and shut the door behind him, hiding her from view, flashes burst, and reporters shouted questions. He didn’t look back, just went into the hospital, his head lowered and his steps hurried.
And it felt like he took a piece of her with him.
The driver stepped on the gas, and within seconds, they were gone. Her throat ached, and her eyes burned, but no tears fell. The ride to the palace was short, and by the time they pulled up to the front door, Alicia was biting her nails, nervously awaiting news of Leo’s father, despite her inner turmoil. She hadn’t seen him since her arrival, but what she remembered of the man was good.
He’d been tall, with distinguished-looking salt and pepper hair. His blue eyes had always been lit with laughter, and he’d been proud of his son…as any father should be. Knowing what she did now, that he was a freaking king, of all things, only made her think more highly of him, because he’d never made her feel unworthy of his son.
Even though she was.
And Leo clearly knew it as well as she did.
When he finally married, or fell in love, it would be with a princess like Princess Gen-a-whatever. Not a girl like her who, more often than not, had red in her bank account instead of black. A girl who, for her whole senior year, had lived in her dead father’s car, showered in the girl’s locker room, and literally survived off cafeteria scraps and a kindhearted lunch lady’s compassion. She wasn’t a fit match for a man like him, no matter how many romantic, idealistic things he said.
And she’d best remember that.
She wasn’t Cinderella. People liked the fantasy in fairy tales. But this was real life, and it had just slapped her across the face yet again.
When will I learn?
The guard opened the car door, watching her closely. “Miss.”
“Thank you,” she said, making sure to stare directly at him. “Can you please let me know how the king is faring, once you hear?”
The man bowed. “Indeed. I’ll be anxiously awaiting updates, myself.”
“I’m sorry that he’s ill,” she said, wrapping her arms around herself. “He’s a good man.”
The guard shut the car door and led her forward with a soft hand on her lower back. “You spoke with him?”
“Many years ago, when he came to America.” She watched him out of the corner of her eye. “We met back then, Leo—I mean, the prince, and I. We spent a lot of time together in New York City.”
The guard eyed her with renewed interest. “How long ago was this, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“Ten years.”
“Interesting,” the guard said slowly, opening the front door for her.
She blinked. “What?”
“Nothing.” He cleared his throat and nodded at the people they passed as he led her to the stairs. “Nothing at all.”
They reached her door, and she gripped the knob. “Again, let me know when you hear something.”
“I’ll send word when I can.” He bowed at the waist, staying low for longer than he had before. “Miss.”
She nodded once then closed herself inside her room.
Alone. Again.
Covering her face, she sank down to the floor, leaving her back against the door as she waited. Time passed slowly, so slowly she was seconds from ripping her clock off the wall and checking the batteries. At some point, a servant knocked on the door with food, dropping it off for her to eat.
It was on the table, cold and congealed, and she sat in front of it, waiting. At half past ten, there was a soft knock, and she stood, stretching her sore muscles as she straightened, crossed the room, turned the knob, and ripped the door open. Expecting to see the guard she’d spoken to earlier, she was surprised to instead find Leo standing there.
His jacket was buttoned up all the way, and his pants were impeccably pressed, and on the outside he looked like the perfect picture of a flawless prince who didn’t have a worry in the world. But when she looked in his eyes, she saw a completely different picture. She saw the real Leo, the man who she’d known all those years ago as a boy, and he was calling out for help now. He was broken.
There were a million reasons why she should refuse to let him inside her room. He’d broken her heart, and if given the chance, he’d do so again. He was a prince, quite possibly a king, and she was just…well, her. He’d abducted her, forcing her to stay with him. And yet, he looked at her, eyes bloodshot and empty, and she did the only thing she could, because she could feel his pain.
He needs me.
And, deep down, she needed him, too.
So she stepped back, letting him inside.
He flexed his jaw, came into her room, and shut the door behind him, locking it. The second it closed behind him, he sagged against the wood, closing his eyes. “He was fine earlier. I’d talked to him on the phone before he took off. He was joking with me, and telling me, like usual, that I needed to get married, and he was…he was fine.”
Slowly, she backed up, putting a chair between them, as if that would somehow guard her heart, when it was already lying on the floor between them. All he had to do was pick it up and crush it in his fist to put an end to this. “Is he…?”
“After I left the hospital, I couldn’t think of anywhere else I wanted to be than with you,” he said, his voice raw and broken. When he opened his eyes and looked at her, she saw the answer to her question before he opened his mouth. She recognized that utter, complete look of loss, in his eyes. “I didn’t even get to tell him I loved him one last time before…before…”
His voice cracked, breaking off.
“He knows.” Swallowing hard, she closed the distance between them, one step at a time, knowing what would happen if she got too close but past the point of caring, because he needed her. “Believe me, he knows.”
He let out a strangled groan, covering his face, and without thinking, without letting herself question what she was doing or why, she closed her arms around his neck, hugged him close, and didn’t let go. No matter how many times she told herself she’d grown up stronger, wiser, and that she didn’t need him by her side…she was lying.
A part of her still loved him. Probably always would.
She’d give him everything he wanted.
All he had to do was ask.
Burying his face in her neck, he wrapped his strong arms around her, hugging her so tightly she might have heard a rib crack, but it didn’t matter. He clung to her like he’d never let go. All that mattered in this moment was helping him get through a pain she understood all too well.
A pain she wished he’d never had to feel.
“I’m sorry, Leo.” She kissed his neck gently, closing her eyes, tears sliding down her cheeks at his pain. “So, so sorry.”
He nodded, not speaking, just holding her for a while, and then he took in a deep breath and let it out. They didn’t move from their position at the door, and neither one of them spoke after that. By the time he loosened his grip on her, the sky had darkened even more, and there was quiet in the castle as the people inside it mourned.
He didn’t cry. Kings probably didn’t, but she had a feeling he was weeping uncontrollably on the inside. Holding him brought back the memories of her father’s death, and that gut-clenching sorrow tearing her apart. Leaving her lifeless and hollow.
Slowly she stepped back, lifting her eyes to his. He had bags the size of cotton balls under his eyes. And he looked so…so…lost. So she did the only thing she could think of to make this night a little easier on him, the only thing she could do, here and now. She finally stopped fighting the inevitable. Reaching up, she cradled his face gently, and rising up on tiptoe…
She gave him something to hold on to.
Her.





Chapter Fifteen
The second her lips touched his, all rational thought fled. He’d literally just been to hell and back, and that wasn’t even close to the end of this horrible ride. It was only going to get worse. He’d have to stand in front of a crowded room tomorrow with hundreds of cameras pointed on him, and he’d have to announce to the world that his father, the man who had raised him and loved him was gone. Just…gone.
How the hell was he supposed to do that?
How that hell was that fair?
Growling, he picked her up in his arms and walked toward the bed, refusing to stop to think this through. She’d kissed him this time, not the other way around.
And damn it all to hell, he needed this now more than ever.
Needed…her.
Laying her on the bed, he lowered his body over hers, never breaking off the kiss. Trailing his fingers up the outside of her thigh, he thrust against her warm heat, and buried his other hand in her hair. She wrapped her legs around his waist, holding him tightly against her, and slid her hand behind the nape of his neck as her tongue curled around his.
Her teeth pressed against his lip, and she undid his jacket with shaking hands. As she worked on undressing him, he broke off contact with her lips long enough to yank her shirt over her head, and her tank top, too. Within seconds, her bra and leggings joined them on the floor, and he had her naked before she even had his jacket off.
He shrugged out of it, and then took care of the rest of his clothing before finally taking in her naked body. Never in his life had he seen a more glorious woman, as if she were made especially for him. When he was with her, she filled an emptiness inside of him that he hadn’t even known was there until he held her in his arms again.
Mine.
So many years apart, so many missed opportunities to be together, so much fucking waste. Meeting her eyes for the first time since she kissed him, he opened his mouth, and closed it again. She looked at him as if she felt it, too.
The completion.
They locked gazes, and she bit down on her lip, nodded once, and opened her arms, answering his unasked question. He lowered himself over her perfection, hissing as her bare skin touched his in all the right places. Her eyelids drifted shut, and she buried her hands in his hair as his lips melded to hers. The way she fit against him, softness where he was hard, hollows where he was full, had never been so obvious to him before as it was now. She was made for him, always had been, and if there was a God in heaven, he would never have to lose her again.
“Alicia…” Closing his hands over her breasts, he deepened the kiss as he squeezed her nipples between his fingers, rubbing his hard cock against her. She arched her hips up, silently asking him to do what they both wanted—drive inside of her.
But she wasn’t ready.
Not yet.
Breaking off the kiss, he kissed a path down her body, pausing at her breasts. Covering one with his hand, he played with her nipple as he sucked the other in his mouth, scraping his teeth against it ever so slightly. She hissed and pressed his head closer, burying her fingers in the hair at the back of his neck.
He slipped a hand between her legs to slide inside her wet folds. Digging her feet into the mattress, she cried out and gripped the comforter underneath her, bunching it up.
Licking her inner thigh, he teased her, watching as she squirmed and her breaths increased. He cupped her ass and lifted her hips up. “Look at me.”
Her eyes drifted open, and she bit her lower lip.
“This isn’t just sex.” He tightened his grip on her, digging his fingers into her soft skin. She was less than an inch from his mouth, so he blew on her heated flesh. “Right here, right now, you’re mine, and I’m yours, and this connection between us is real. This is us, and you can’t say you don’t feel it, too. Don’t deny me again. Not right now.”
She took a deep breath, her breasts rising high, and nodded. “I feel it, too.”
In all the madness of the day, and all the pain, one thing hadn’t changed.
His feelings for her.
Lowering his head, he flicked his tongue over her, and she strained to get even closer to his mouth. Her responses nearly made him come on the spot. He thrust his tongue inside her, groaning at how damn good she tasted. A small, breathy cry escaping her as he fucked her with his tongue. The second her walls clamped around him and her body went lax, he let her hit the mattress. “Condom?” he asked, his voice strained.
She grabbed her purse off the nightstand, opened it, and pulled one out. He tore it out of her fingers and made quick work of rolling it on. As he did, she trailed her fingers over his abs, going lower and lower with soft, teasing caresses. By the time she closed her hand around him, his breaths were coming faster and harder, and he was seconds from losing control.
Gripping her hips, he lifted them, locked eyes with her, and said, “I’m not losing you again.” Lowering his body over hers, he nipped her neck and thrust into her hard. When he was fully sheathed inside her, they stilled, as if they both needed a second to register how fucking amazing they felt joined. “Jesus, Alicia.”
Never in his life had he felt such a need to possess a woman. No, not just any woman. Alicia. Always Alicia. Only Alicia.
She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, wiggling experimentally. Growling, he slammed his mouth down on hers, slipping his tongue inside her mouth at the same time as he pulled out of her and drove back in. And he didn’t pause, or hesitate, or freeze this time. There was no stopping the wave of desire she’d brought out in him, and nothing would stop him from making her scream his name over and over again until she couldn’t imagine a life where he wasn’t buried deep inside her body like this. Because he already couldn’t.
I need you, Alicia. Don’t go.
She was embedded on his heart, like a tattoo or a scar, and no amount of surgery would remove her. He slapped the side of her ass and moved his hips faster. Harder. She stiffened beneath him, her breath rushing into his mouth as she came.
He didn’t stop, though.
Didn’t claim his release.
Not until she came at least one more time, damn it.
She dug her nails into his back, crying out as he plunged even deeper, hitting the spot guaranteed to send her soaring again. “Oh my—gah. Stop.” She smacked his arm the second the words left her mouth. “Don’t stop. Don’t you dare—” Her body stiffened again, arching at the back, and she left off on a strangled moan. “Leo.”
He kissed her again, lifted her hips, and thrust once, twice, bam. He came explosively, the whole world stopping as the pleasure took over his mind and body, blocking out the pain of the day. Letting out a soft groan, he collapsed on the bed beside her, pulling her into his arms. Her breathing was as ragged as his, and she rested a hand on his heart. They lay like that silently for a while.
And he never wanted to move.
He’d pay big money to know what she was thinking. He wanted this with her. He hadn’t been sure before, but he needed her in his life.
But there was so much…
Right now, he had to focus his priorities, but it was tough with her so…
Damn it. He didn’t know what to do.
“This doesn’t have to change anything,” she said softly. “I feel you tensing up, and a million thoughts are probably going through your head, and you said a lot of stuff, but that’s all it was. It was just pretty words, and amazing sex. That’s it.”
And just like that, he remembered why he swore not to take her earlier. Because he’d known if he did, she would immediately brush it off as a quick fuck, like that night at the nightclub. In his grief, he’d given her the excuse to do so on a silver platter. He’d known she wasn’t ready, and that she didn’t want to want him.
He’d had a game plan. He hadn’t played by those rules.
And now he’d pay the price.
“If you say so,” he managed to get out, trying his best to stay calm.
“I do.” She played with his chest hair. “I mean, it was wonderful, and you’ll always be…special…to me. But you’re a king now, and with that comes responsibilities, and I don’t fit…I’m not one of them, you know? Once this is over, I’ll go back to America, and you’ll stay here and marry Princess whatever her name was, and run your country, and that’s just how it’s going to be.”
“You’ve got it all figured out already, haven’t you?” he asked, his voice hard because the way she summed up what this night was to him without even asking him what he felt for her pissed him the hell off. “You know how it all ends?”
“Well, yeah.” She rose on her elbow and stared at him, all soft lips, ruffled blond curls, and guarded blue eyes. He’d give anything to understand what the hell it was that ran through her mind that made her say things like this. “We both know what this was.”
“Oh?” He flexed his jaw, staring at the red spot on her neck where he’d nipped her a little too hard. “And what, exactly, is that?”
“I was trying to make you feel better. To comfort you.” She avoided his eyes, tracing a path on the blue comforter. “When my father died, I needed that, too. Comfort. I wanted to do that for you, for old time’s sake.”
In other words…
Tonight meant nothing to her.
And neither did he.
Swallowing hard, he shut his eyes, his father’s disapproving frown floating in front of his eyes like a reminder of all the ways he’d failed. He could have been in Greece with his father, spending time with him, and making him happy by meeting all those princesses his father had spoken of. Maybe he could have helped in some way, and his father would still be alive. But he’d been too busy chasing after Alicia…
Who clearly didn’t want to be caught.
Not by him.
Meanwhile, he lost his father, and gained a throne, and he would be alone because the woman he finally admitted he loved didn’t love him back, and never would. If given time, maybe he would have given up anything to have her by his side. His country. His crown. Hell, his life. Maybe he could have loved her enough to lose it all.
But all he was to her was a good memory.
If it weren’t so hard to breathe, maybe he could laugh at the irony of it all.
“Shit,” he muttered, letting go of her and rolling over so his feet hit the floor. Resting his elbows on his thighs, he took a deep breath and dragged his hands down his face. “I’m a fucking idiot.”
She let out a small sound. “Leo, I didn’t mean—”
“Don’t backtrack now. I heard you, loud and clear. And for the first time, I’m actually listening. You’re not interested in getting to know me again, or in picking up where we left off, or in any of that. You don’t want me to kiss you, or touch you, or fuck you. You just want to go home, and put this whole mess behind you, like the first time we parted ways. You just want to go back to forgetting I exist.”
She gripped her knees tightly, squeezing the comforter she’d pulled over them. “I never—”
“So you can do that,” he cut in. “You can go.”
She sucked in a breath. “Seriously?”
“Absolutely.” He stepped into his pants. “Go home, Alicia.”
She sucked in a deep breath, and the bed shifted underneath her as she leaned closer to place a hand on his shoulder. “Leo—”
Whirling on her, he held his arms out, anger taking over and mercifully washing out the pain. And, yes, now wasn’t the best time to have this conversation, with his father’s death weighing heavily on his mind, but he was done with being the idiot who didn’t get the message when she so clearly told him she wanted nothing to do with him.
“I get it now. I understand why you won’t forgive me, or even attempt to forgive me. It’s not because you can’t, it’s because you don’t want to,” he said in a rush, the words flowing out of him without any hope of stopping. “I was a fool to think I could win your trust back, because you never trusted me in the first place. And I was even more of an idiot to think that what we have between us, what you make me feel, could maybe turn into love again, because you never loved me, either. Love, real love, isn’t like this. Love isn’t one sided, and it doesn’t just die off because you’re mad at the person you supposedly love. Love doesn’t fucking die.”
She swallowed hard, staring, not speaking.
He forced a laugh. “According to you, we just wanted to fuck each other because we have fond memories, and we did that, so I’m done trying for more. We’re done here.”
She swallowed hard, gripping her knees, which she’d folded in front of her. Still, she said nothing. Just stared blankly ahead, completely devoid of emotion.
Guess he had his answer.
He was right.
He tossed his shirt over his shoulder, and started for the door. Halfway there, he paused. “Looks like you can cross another item off your bucket list, after all. You broke my heart. Congratulations.”
With that, he bent down, grabbed his boots, and left her sitting there, naked, her jaw hanging open, in the room he’d personally picked out for her. She’d leave tomorrow, and she wouldn’t look back, because she didn’t love him, and never had. This time, when she left, he wouldn’t see her again. It was over.
It was all over.





Chapter Sixteen
The next morning, Alicia sat on the edge of the bed, dressed, but not even close to standing up to walk out the door that was just a few steps away. Instead, she sat there replaying the words Leo had said to her last night, trying to figure out which ones were truth and which were not—and what to do once she figured it out. If there was anything to do.
What happened? One minute they were in a big state of bliss. And then she’d tried to make him feel better and let him off the hook. He lost it. She’d never seen him so angry. At her.
Her mind just couldn’t fathom what was going on.
No matter how he felt about her, she’d done some digging this morning, and his own law stated he had to marry a princess. It was there on the internet, easily found via Google. And she wasn’t going to deny that there was a good bit of sadness when she saw those words written out plainly for her to see, because despite her hardened heart…
She’d wanted there to be a chance at a happy ending.
For that real-life fairy tale every girl secretly dreamed of.
But she wasn’t a princess, and he wasn’t free to choose her, even if he wanted to. Especially not now. Not when he was the king of a whole freaking country.
Someone knocked on the door, and she stood, her heart speeding because if someone was knocking, it was probably him. “Come in,” she called out nervously. The door opened, and she composed herself for the confrontation that would more than likely come. “Leo, I—” She broke off immediately, because it wasn’t Leo. It was a man she’d never seen before. “Oh. Sorry. I thought… Can I help you?”
The man shut the door behind him, holding on to the knob, his gaze falling on her empty luggage in the corner of the bedroom. “As you know, things have changed here. The king is dead, and Prince Leopold…it’s going to be a rough couple of months for him, to say the least.”
Leopold. That sounded so stuffy. So not like Leo. Not the real version of him, anyway. Not the one she knew. She wrapped her arms around herself, watching him closely, because she couldn’t quite figure out what he wanted from her. “Yes, I’d imagine so. My sympathies are with him. His father was a good man.”
“Yes. He was.” The man cleared his throat. “I’m Harry, by the way. Prince Leopold’s advisor.”
“Alicia Forkes,” she said slowly. “Nice to meet you, Harry.”
He bowed slightly, his upper lip stiff. “Indeed.”
When he fell silent, not speaking, she shifted on her feet uncomfortably, not liking the way he looked at her, as if she was beneath his notice. “Is there something I can help you with? Did Leo—Prince Leopold—send you here?”
“No.” He frowned. “Well, yes. He did.”
She frowned. “Okay?”
“I’m here to help you pack and to escort you to the car that’s waiting for you. He thanks you for your cooperation and invites you to visit in the future, though I’d rather you didn’t.”
He snapped his fingers, and three servants came in immediately, grabbing her luggage and opening drawers to pull her clothing out. “What are they doing?”
“Speeding along the process, of course,” Harry replied.
What a jerk.
“But…” Her heart twisted, not because of the man’s words, but because she was clearly being dismissed by Leo. They were actually packing her clothes for her. When he’d told her she was free to go, she hadn’t thought he meant he was going to kick her out. She’d thought he was giving her the choice he should have given her all along—and she’d been planning to stay, like he’d wanted. To apologize for her words the night before and see things through to the end. Even though she was well aware there was no happily ever after for them. The research on the internet had confirmed that.
Shaking her head, she said, “I thought—”
“He’s changed his mind,” he said simply, pressing a pompous hand to his stomach and inclining his head. “Though he wishes you to keep him informed of the outcome of…well, you know.”
She hugged herself, swallowing hard. “Yeah. Sure. I’ll let him know.”
“Excellent.” Harry smiled, but his eyes were cold. “He’ll be pleased with your cooperation, I’m sure.”
Yeah, I bet he will. “May I speak to him before I go? I just want to—”
“I’m sorry, but we don’t think that’s wise,” he said, his tone completely unapologetic as he cut her off again. “We think it’s best if you leave quietly.”
Stiffening, she lifted a brow, mimicking Leo. “We?”
“The prince’s…” He broke off, correcting himself. “The king’s team.”
She gripped her elbows hard. “And why is that?”
“There’s no doubt that he has old feelings for you, but with his royal lineage, we can’t afford to have you hanging around, clouding his judgment in his future affairs, and mucking up his search for an appropriate wife to join him as he begins his reign.” He held his hands out, palms up. “Now, more than ever, it is important his mind remain clear. He must keep his eyes focused on the future of Randovia.”
“And you’re afraid I’ll interfere with those things?”
“Possibly. He knows what he has to do for his country, and what his duties are. But if you’re here”—Harry shrugged—“those duties might go unattended, and we can’t afford to risk that for a girl who used to live in her car in New York City. I’m sure you understand our stance.”
Ah. And there it was. The truth. The hard, cold fact that a girl like her wasn’t good enough for the king—something she’d known all along, no matter how much she’d tried to ignore the big, giant, dirty elephant in the room every time they were together. “I want to speak with Leo before I go.”
“Absolutely not,” he said quickly, his eyes narrowing at her familiar use of his name. “King Leopold has no interest in seeing you again, hence my presence here instead of his, and you need to return to your life in Harlem, Ms. Forkes. To your job at Baker…who, if you must know, is quite happy with your work.”
She blinked. “What work?”
“You secured a contract with the royal guard.” He gave her a fake smile, watching her with hard, condescending eyes. “Congratulations. Your powers of…persuasion…were apparently very strong, because the king himself approved the contract just this morning, and ignored all competing offers from other companies.”
Over the past few days, they’d spoken of Baker, and all the things the company could do for him, but they hadn’t settled on a number, or a yes. And she certainly didn’t appreciate Harry insinuation that she’d been given the deal because she’d slept with Leo. “But—”
He held his hand up, giving her an annoyed look. “I’m not finished yet. The king also thanks you for staying and wants you to consider the Baker contract to be a token of his appreciation for all you’ve done for him.”
He…he…God.
Leo just dismissed her like last night’s leftovers, after literally paying her off, and she was just supposed to fall in line and leave like a good little girl, now that he’d had her one more time. She should have known it would end like this.
Silly her, for expecting a proper good-bye.
For expecting him not to break her heart again.
“You can tell him he can shove the contract up his—never mind.” She scowled at the offensive man in front of her. Behind her, the workers zipped up her suitcase, apparently having finished packing. “I don’t want it.”
“It’s already done. Your bosses have been informed, and so have the competitors.” He opened the door, glancing over his shoulder to gesture someone forward. “And your time here is, too. Go back to Harlem, Ms. Forkes. It’s where people like you belong.”
“Wow. You’re a real asshole, Harry.” She fisted her hands at her sides. “I’m going, but no one speaks to me like that. Does Leo know you talk to his guests that way?”
The man flinched.
“If his advisors are like you, I worry about him and the future of his country.”
He had the nerve to roll his eyes at her.
Whatever.
Randovia wasn’t her problem…and neither was Leo.
Men came in and grabbed her bags, and she watched with wide eyes, heart pounding against her ribs, unable to believe that just like that, as quickly as she’d been brought here against her will…she was being forced out.
“Look at it this way. You might not be living in the lap of luxury in the palace anymore”—he smirked, chuckling under his breath—“but at least you’re not living in your car and showering in school locker rooms anymore.”
“Yeah. You’re absolutely right. But I’d rather be there, in my car, then stay in your company for another second.” She picked up her purse and slung it over her shoulder. Gripping the leather strap tight, she gave him a falsely sweet smile. “And no matter what happens when I leave here, one thing won’t ever change.”
“What might that be?” he asked, his tone bored.
“The fact that you’re an asshole.” She brushed past him, hitting him with her shoulder. “And always will be.”
“Better an asshole in a castle, than a street rat in fancy clothes.”
She kept walking, refusing to give him the satisfaction of a reply.
His soft laughter haunted her, even after she walked far enough away from him that she couldn’t hear it. Following her luggage down the stairs, she gripped the banister tightly, staring straight ahead and taking calming breaths because if she didn’t…
She’d freaking snap.
It wasn’t until she was halfway out the door that she realized that awful man back in her room had known things, things she’d only ever written to Leo in letters he had supposedly never received. Things that weren’t easily found through searches on her history. She spun on her heel and stared at the asshat who was, quite literally, pushing her out the door.
“How do you know about me living in a car and showering in locker rooms?”
He straightened and smirked. “The king told me about it.”
“When?” she asked, her heart ceasing pounding because she already knew the answer to her question, just like she already knew she wouldn’t like it. “I didn’t mention—”
“A few years ago, he read your letters to me over a mug of ale one night, for laughs,” Harry said slowly, cutting her off again. “He left you standing at La Guardia, waiting for him to come rescue you at five o’clock at night, if I recall correctly.”
She pressed a hand to her heart, because, God, it hurt.
Leo had lied to her about his innocence.
It had all been one big joke to him.
Harry continued on ruthlessly, obviously not caring that her heart was shattering inside her chest. “He sent you instructions to show up at La Guardia, go to the Randovia Airlines desk, and pick up tickets in his name. But instead of tickets, you found a note telling you to never write to him again.”
She staggered back, because the only way Harry would know all that was if Leo had lied from the beginning. If he pretended not to get her letters, to try and get her in his bed, and sure enough, it had worked. “I…”
“Even then he knew you weren’t good enough for him.” He crossed his arms and rocked back on his heels, giving her the most annoying smirk in the history of annoying smirks. “Why do you think he’s not here to see you off today?”
She didn’t speak.
There was nothing to argue about.
Everything the man said was true.
“You didn’t believe him when he told you he never got your letters, did you?” At her continued silence, he laughed, pressing a hand against his stomach. “Oh, that’s just rich. You fell for that ridiculous lie? You deserve anything you get, then.”
“Go to hell,” she said from between clenched teeth. “And take your precious little prince with you.”
“King,” he corrected her, his laughter dying.
All her luggage was in the car, so all that was left was for her to climb into the backseat, settle in, and leave this whole damn country behind her…
Including its lying, conniving, cold-hearted king.
“Alicia.” Leo said, coming up behind Harry and frowning. “What’s going on here?”
Harry froze, his eyes wide. “My—”
“You…You…” Just the sound of his voice, his lying, treacherous voice, was enough to send a staff of pain piercing through her chest. Breathing hard, she pointed a finger at him and snarled, “Go to hell.”
Leo stared at her, clearly taken aback at her rage. “What’s going on here?”
“I’m finally leaving,” she shot back. “You pompous asshole.”
Leo’s jaw ticked. “We’re back to this now?”
“I’m sorry for this scene.” Harry grabbed her arm roughly, dragging her forcibly toward the car. “She was just leaving, Your Highness.”
Leo growled low in his throat. “Release her,” he commanded, the corners of his mouth pinched tight as he watched Harry follow his orders. “And never grab her like that again, if you value your life at all.”
Harry paled. “But—”
“Leave us.” His jaw ticked again. “Now.”
Harry bowed and walked off without another word, but he still managed to shoot Alicia one last dirty look.
She scowled back at him, rubbing her arm where he’d grabbed her.
“I’m sorry for his behavior toward you,” Leo said softly. He threw a glance at the guards who surrounded them. “Everyone leave us. Except you,” Leo said, pointing at the driver. “You may wait in the car for Ms. Forkes.”
Everyone scrambled to do his bidding, and the whole front porch, yard, and garden cleared out. All that was left were roses, birds, and butterflies. And of course, him. “Scared they’ll hear you talking to a peasant like me?”
He frowned. “What? No. Of course not.”
“Oh, just admit that you don’t want to be seen with me in public, because they’ll know who and what I am, and you can’t be associated with that,” she said drily. “I mean, what if people found out you slept with a girl like me?”
His frown deepened. “I have no idea why you’re saying these things.”
“Sure you do. And, hey, I understand now why you didn’t want me at the hospital. I get it.”
Pinching the bridge of his nose, he let out a frustrated sigh. “First of all, that’s not why I didn’t bring you with me to the hospital. And second of all, it’s my job to always be above reproach, to never lose my head, and allowing you to call me names in an outburst of emotion in front of my men isn’t acceptable. It causes a scene I can’t afford to be caught up in right now.”
“Well, don’t worry.” She pointed over her shoulder angrily. “As soon as I get in that car, you’ll never be embarrassed by my outbursts of emotion again.”
“You’re leaving,” he said flatly.
“Yep. Just like you wanted.”
He stared down at her, his blue eyes looked even bluer in the direct sunlight. “I never wanted that, and you know it. I wanted you to stay, so we could get to know—”
She forced a laugh. “Oh, drop the act all ready.”
“I—” He pressed his lips together angrily. Lips she’d kissed last night. Lips she’d never forget. “What act?”
“I know you got my letters, and you laughed about them with Harry,” she snapped. “He told me everything.”
That brow, that cocky, annoying brow lifted again.
She ached to tackle him to the ground, pull out some tweezers, and pluck the whole damn thing right off his face before she left the country for good.
“You must have misunderstood him. I would never laugh at you like that, and as I’ve said—repeatedly—I never got your letters.”
Forcing a cool smile, she crossed her arms. “If you say so.”
“I do,” he snarled, his nostrils flaring.
Finally. He was showing some sort of emotion. “Then tell me how he knew what I wrote to you, and what you wrote back to me, if you never did it?”
“I don’t—” He froze and then laughed. It wasn’t a real laugh, though. Just like her smile wasn’t real. “Of course. I’m a fucking idiot.”
“No arguments there. But, hey, so was I for falling for your tricks when you swore you had no idea where my letters went.” She stepped back, still smiling. “But I’ll be on my way, now that I’ve been given the royal permission to go. Your pal Harry made it very clear I’m not good enough to hang here.”
He caught her elbow. “Alicia—”
“And don’t worry about your car.” She jerked free, stumbling back as she held on to her purse even tighter. “I haven’t lived in one since senior year, so it’ll come back safe and sound,” she said, taking another step back.
“That’s not—” Paling, he stepped forward, visibly shaken. “You did that?”
“Knock it off,” she snapped, because if he kept looking at her like that, like he hadn’t known, she would believe him. Again. And he’d break her heart. Again. “Just knock it off.”
“You lived in your car?” he asked slowly.
“Just like I told you,” she said, “in my letters.”
“I never got your fucking letters!” he shouted, fisting his hands. “Jesus. What is it going to take for you to believe me?”
Staring at him, she blinked, ignored the stupid hope inside of her, and asked unemotionally, “Should I curtsey as I leave, or am I exempt from that, as an American?”
He gave her a cold look, any and all hint of anger disappearing from his eyes. “You’re so quick to believe the worst of me, to think I could callously use you and lie to you, yet you’re the one running away because you refuse to see the good in anyone else. You won’t take a risk on someone who may or may not hurt you.”
“You told me to go,” she snapped. “Had them pack up my clothes, pick up my bags, and carry them out the door. So don’t act all surprised I’m leaving.”
“I didn’t tell him to do—” He cut himself off, letting out a short laugh. “You know what? Never mind. You wouldn’t believe me anyway.”
“Believe what?” she asked slowly. Waiting for him to finish his denial. To finish saying he hadn’t sent Harry to escort her out of the castle, just hours after they had sex.
To deny any of it. All of it.
Something.
“I was merely giving you what you wanted when I told you to go,” he said point-blank. “Or is that not what you want anymore?”
“What I want is for you to tell the truth for once in your life,” she said, digging her nails into her palms.
He flexed his jaw and stared down at her. “You don’t want to hear the truth. No matter what I say, you’ll believe the worst of me. I’m done defending myself when I haven’t done anything wrong. Go. Leave. Clearly there’s nothing worth saving here.”
“I…I…” No words would come, and she broke off, staring at him with wide eyes, because hearing him say that… It made her feel ill.
It made her…made her…
Oh God.
He watched her coldly, without a hint of emotion, and she opened her mouth to tell him to go fuck himself. Instead, a strangled sob escaped, and she covered her mouth in horror. She hadn’t cried in almost nine years. Not since he left her at the airport.
She took off running, tripping over the raised sidewalk as she fled for the waiting car. She stumbled forward, catching herself, but lost her shoe in the process.
Glancing over her shoulder, she saw him striding toward her, his jaw tight, hand outstretched to help her to her feet.
“Hell,” she muttered under her breath, abandoning the shoe and bolting for the car. The second she threw herself inside it, tears streaming down her face, she slammed the door shut and shouted, “Go! Go, go, go!”
The driver stepped on the gas, and she left Leo standing in the driveway, watching her with wide eyes and an outstretched hand…
And her shoe at his feet.





Chapter Seventeen
Leo walked into his office, her sneaker in his hand and his heart beating harder than a war drum before a battle. Everything inside of him, every damn muscle and thought and nerve, screamed for him to go after Alicia.
But he’d forced himself on her enough times, and she clearly didn’t trust him, or care about him, and she never would. No matter what he said or did, she would still think he was the type of guy who would leave her standing alone in an airport, and not give a damn. There was nothing he could do to change that.
He shut the door behind him, and Harry stood, looking nervous. Good. He should be fucking nervous. “I—”
Leo held up a hand and commanded, “Silence.”
Harry shut up instantly, staring at him with fear.
“Why did you do it?” he asked, his voice hard.
“I asked Alicia to leave so you wouldn’t have to, Your Highness,” Harry said quickly, tugging on his collar. “You said this morning she was free to go, so I simply—”
“So you packed up her belongings and pushed her out the door, without telling me?”
Harry averted his eyes. “For your own benefit, of course.”
“Bullshit.” He tossed Alicia’s sneaker on the chair in front of his desk and went around behind it. “That wasn’t for my benefit, and you know it.”
“The team decided it was best for her to exit quietly, all things considered.” Harry forced a smile. “With your father gone, there’s a lot on your mind, and we didn’t want you to have any undue stress because of her.”
He nodded slowly and sat down in his chair, crossing an ankle over his knee. “And that’s also why you wrote to her, all those years ago, and left her at the airport.”
“Yes, I—” Harry froze, all signs of color leaving his cheeks. “I…uh…I don’t know what you mean, Your Highness.”
“Who decided she wasn’t worth the trouble?” Leo asked slowly, resting his palms on his desk and leaning forward. “Who made that call for me, without asking what I wanted?”
“I don’t know what you’re—” When Leo gave the other man a look, he broke off instantly, his shoulders sagging forward. “Yes, it was me. I wrote those letters.”
“Who. Ordered. It?”
“Your father.” Harry held a hand up when Leo growled. “He regretted it afterward, though. That’s why he specifically requested Baker send in Alicia when they inquired after sending an agent over. He felt bad, and after keeping tabs on her for the past ten years, he decided to try to make amends for his actions.”
Leo sank in the chair, swallowing the protests that automatically came to the tip of his tongue. “But he liked Alicia.”
“He did.” Harry held his hands out. “But you two were so young, and she was a risk your father wasn’t willing to take. But as more time passed and you still refused to accept anyone else as your wife, he thought maybe he made a mistake back then. I don’t. I think it was the right call. She’s not a fit queen for this country.”
“You think?” Leo asked angrily.
How could his father have done this?
“Despite my assurances he did the right thing, he gave her a scholarship to school, and watched over her, kept her off the streets once he realized she was living on them.” Harry shrugged, shoving his hands in his pockets. “So he didn’t leave her life completely.”
“He paid for her schooling?” Leo asked, his throat tight.
“Yes. She doesn’t know, and never will, but he felt bad for not bringing her over here.” Harry shrugged. “He was going to tell you, and her, too, even though I advised against it.”
Anger at his father warred with grief, and for the first time in a long time, he didn’t agree with something his father did. He was a fair man. A good one. So the fact that he did this to Alicia was…baffling. “Why did he tell you about this, and not me?”
“He enlisted my help in writing to her back then, in sounding like you.” Harry lowered his head. “My king asked me to help him, and I did it with gratitude. It was the right call.”
Leo didn’t say anything, because quite frankly…
He had no clue what to say.
But Alicia deserved to hear the truth before she left. Deserved to hear that his father decided she wasn’t worth the risk, and intercepted her letters.
“Call my car around,” he said between clenched teeth.
Harry lifted his head. “You’re going after her.”
Leo came around the desk, seconds from pounding his aide into the floor. “Yeah. And?”
Harry cleared his throat and gripped the doorknob. “She’s not a princess. Nothing will change the fact that you can’t marry her.”
“As an advisor for my father, you should have been aware that my father passed a new law, six months ago. I don’t need to marry a princess.” Leo crossed his arms. “But I highly doubt that she’s looking to marry me, since she thinks I’m a guy who would kick her out of my house without a moment’s notice. That I’m the same boy who left her at the airport when she was orphaned and destitute. Yeah, Harry, I’m sure I’m high on her list of guys she even wants to talk to right now.” He crossed his arms, staring the other man down, unable to believe he’d trusted this guy. “My car. Now!”
Harry nodded and opened the door. “I’ll have it brought around.”
“One more thing,” Leo said quietly.
Harry cautiously let go of the knob. “Yes?”
“Pack your bags. You are no longer in my employ—not only because of what you did all those years ago, but because of how you treated Ms. Forkes today.”
“Understood, Your Highness.” Harry swallowed. “But I stand by my choices.”
After the other man left, Leo covered his face and let out a long breath. “What were you thinking, Dad? How could you do that to her? To me?”
No answer came.
Of course.
It was too late for that.
There was something to be said for the fact that he’d tried to make it right, though. Isn’t that all anyone could do, after making a mistake? Try to make up for it? His father had brought Alicia here, and then by some twist of fate, he’d seen Alicia in that club, and he’d fallen for her again. Although, in all reality, he hadn’t fallen, because he’d never gotten over her. Deep down, it had always been Alicia.
Would always be Alicia.
The door opened, and Harry stepped inside, holding a pile of envelopes that looked pretty damn old. “Your car is waiting for you. I thought you could read these on the ride to the airport.”
He took them, glancing at them. They were addressed to him, were from Alicia, and there were about eight of them. Eight. “Shit.”
Without another thought toward them, he headed outside. The second he was in his car, and Commander Jonathon settled in the front seat next to the driver, he said, “To the airport. Immediately.”
“Yes, sir,” the driver said.
He lowered his head and stared down at her neat handwriting on the envelope, knowing once he opened these, he would know every little dirty detail about Alicia’s past. Everything she’d wanted him to know, once upon a time, was there, waiting for him to read it. He had every right to open those letters and read every damn word she’d written to him. But the Alicia he knew now wouldn’t want him to know these things.
Not anymore.
She didn’t like talking about her past, and from this point on, it should be her decision whether she told him what happened to her all those years ago or not. It wasn’t his place to read those letters anymore because she’d written to the boy he’d been.
Not the man he was now.
Tossing the letters aside, he glanced out the window impatiently, knowing every second he was stuck in traffic was another second that Alicia could be leaving him. The second he pulled up to the airport, he was out the car door.
Commander Jonathon met him on the sidewalk. “Where to?”
“Do you happen to know what airline Ms. Forkes is flying out on?”
Jonathon nodded once. “Randovia Airlines, Highness. Flight 363, departing at five o’clock.”
Leo checked his watch, heading toward the stairs that led to the gates. He had twenty minutes till the plane took off, which meant she’d more than likely already have boarded. Shit. “I need to get to that plane immediately.”
“She’s at Gate F36. That’s on the other side of that airport. There’s no way we can make it in time at this pace,” Jonathon said. “We could detain the plane, or have her pulled off it.”
“No.” He gritted his teeth and scanned the airport. Already, the people around him had noticed him. “I can’t do that to her again. I have to…to…”
He weighed his choices in his mind heavily, considering all the risks and benefits from each one before he cut himself off. Enough worrying about risks and losses.
It was time to live.
To chase after what he wanted, no matter the consequences.
A newscaster straightened his hair before posing in front of the camera, which was pointed right at Leo. If he took off running across the airport, it would be on every damn news channel within seconds. He’d break the number one rule he always followed as a ruler, and he’d make a fool out of himself in public. But if he didn’t hurry up…
Jonathon pulled his phone out, preparing to place the call that he fully expected Leo to make. “Shall I detain the plane?”
“No.” He shrugged off his jacket, even though he only wore a short-sleeved shirt underneath it, and tossed it at his guard, who caught it with wide eyes. “I have to run.”
And then he did it.
He ran.





Chapter Eighteen
Sometime between being shoved in between two huge, smelly men, and the flight attendant’s announcement that the airplane would be taking off five minutes ahead of time due to prompt boarding of the passengers, Alicia admitted to herself that she’d made a huge, stupid, colossal mistake. It wasn’t just the fact that leaving Leo was ripping her heart out all over again, and it wasn’t just because she literally lost one of her favorite shoes in his driveway. It was what he’d said as she left.
“There’s nothing worth saving here.”
Rubbing her forehead, she closed her eyes. Last night, he’d said things that had scared the hell out of her. Things about never letting her go, and how they had a connection between them. And while that terrified her and kind of made her want to throw up, it sparked an excitement inside of her that she couldn’t deny.
Because he was right.
They did.
All her life, she’d cared for him, even after what she thought he’d done. He’d broken her heart, and his promises. But she’d learned a great deal about him throughout the last week. He was a great man. Kind and considerate. And she finally had to admit to herself…
There is something worth saving.
The way he made her feel, the happiness that he could bring her if she let him, deserved a chance. That was all he’d been asking for, and she’d made sure to crush his soul.
Those stupid letters. It was crazy that she was so determined to hold on to the past. Maybe he couldn’t marry someone who wasn’t a princess, but they could at least see whatever it was they had through. Screw his stuck up advisors, and screw logic.
She wanted to be with him.
She stood up, heart racing, and slid sideways as much as she could with a huge bear of a guy blocking her way out. “Excuse me, sir.”
The flight attendant frowned. “Please be seated. We’re about to take off.”
“I have to get off this plane immediately.” She scooted past the huge man next to her, tripping out into the aisle.
“You can’t get off the plane,” she said, shooting her coworker a worried look and blocking her escape. “Once the doors are closed, you can’t—wait. Aren’t you that woman the prince detained the other day?”
She latched on to that statement gratefully. “Yes, and I escaped.” She held her hands out, wrists up. “If he finds out you helped me leave the country, you might be charged with aiding and abetting. Arrest me immediately.”
“If you’re escaping…” A man stood up, frowning. “Why are you turning yourself in when you’re about to get away with it?”
“Guilt. Tons and tons of guilt.” Which was true because, God, it was so obvious he hadn’t actually gotten those letters, and that he was a man she could trust. She’d just been too scared. Well, not anymore. She held her hands out even more. “Detain me instantly, or you’ll answer to him.”
The two flight attendants exchanged looks, and it took all her control not to groan out loud. When she didn’t want to be captured, they couldn’t call her location in quickly enough. But when she tried to turn herself in, they hesitated.
“I don’t know…” the man said.
“Let me off the plane,” she said, between clenched teeth. “Call the palace, and ask to speak with the prince. He’ll back up the story about my escape after he hears my voice.”
The man stepped forward, brandishing his Air Marshal badge, and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. “I’ll take care of this, ma’am,” he said to the flight attendant.
“Thank you,” Alicia muttered, wiggling her wrists. “Go on. Get it over with.”
The man slipped a cuff on her wrist, shaking his head. “So you escape, get on the plane, and then have remorse?”
“Pretty much,” she said, watching as he locked the other cuff.
The door to the plane flew open, and the flight attendant leaped back, eyes wide. “You can’t just come—” She covered her mouth. “Oh my God.”
A man fell into the plane, breathing heavily.
He was out of breath. And his hair was sticking up all over the place, and he doubled over, clutching his stomach. His white dress shirt was half tucked in and half out, and he was so disheveled that it took her a second to recognize the dark blond hair. But in her defense, she was all the way back in coach, and he was by the cockpit, so there were easily twenty rows between him and her. “Leo?” she whispered.
The flight attendant gasped and curtsied, “Your Highness?”
Leo lifted his head, scanning the plane for her with a wildness to his eyes she’d never before seen. He was sweaty, his face was flushed, and he wasn’t wearing his jacket. He’d never looked more out of sorts than he did now…or more perfect.
You came for me.
When he finally saw her, standing in cuffs in front of her seat, his brows slammed down. Half the people on the plane stood and bowed or curtsied, and a chorus of Your Highness filled the silence of the cabin, but his eyes never drifted from her.
The air marshal looked from her to Leo, understanding lighting up his eyes. “Your Highness.” He bowed once, his southern accent giving a soft drawl as he spoke. “She’s here. Just so you know, she turned herself in of her own accor—”
“Please release her immediately.” Leo staggered forward, his eyes never leaving hers. “She’s not my prisoner, and she’s free to go wherever she pleases.”
Alicia remained quiet because right now, she had no idea where she wanted to go at all. Everything inside her was a big jumbled ball of cords and wires.
“I’m so sorry, Alicia.” He came forward another row, patting a beaming child on the head as he went. “I’m sorry for everything I said, everything I didn’t say, and everything I’m about to say right now.”
“I—” She swallowed hard, her heartbeat echoing in her ears and almost drowning his voice out. Nervously, she glanced around the plane—and found every freaking set of eyes on either him, her, or darting between them both incessantly. Knowing his dislike for causing a scene, and his unwillingness to let people know who and what she was to him, she lowered her cuffed wrists in front of her waist. “There’s a crowd here. Let’s go somewhere quiet and private, and we can—”
“No. I’m not hiding you from the world anymore. I ran all the way to this plane, and I didn’t give a damn who saw it, or me, and I still don’t.” He gestured to her wrists. “Please remove her restraints.”
The Air Marshal undid them immediately, offering her an apologetic smile as he turned back to Leo. “Do you need any assistance in getting her off the plane?”
“No, thank you. I won’t be forcing her off the plane,” Leo said slowly, passing another row of seats and smiling absentmindedly at the crowd. The woman in the aisle seat gaped at him. “Do you mind if I delay your flight for a bit?”
The crowd all shook their heads, or offered verbal encouragement.
“Thank you,” he said, bowing slightly. “I appreciate that.”
Alicia rubbed her wrists and let out a little laugh. “We can just get off the plane, and you can tell me whatever—”
“I’m going to say this one more time, and for the love of God, please believe me. I never got your letters,” he said. “I swear it. I didn’t mean—”
“I know.” She forced a smile, admitting what she’d been too afraid to admit before. She’d needed that barrier between them protecting her heart. “I believe you.”
“And I—” He cut himself off, his forehead wrinkling. “Wait. You do?” he asked, looking surprised. “You believe me?”
“I do,” she said, nodding.
She should have long ago.
She shouldn’t have been so scared.
“But you don’t know yet why I never got them.”
She gripped her hands together in front of her. “And you do?”
“I found out today that my father took them. Hid them. And Harry was the one who wrote to you,” he said, pressing his lips into a tight line as he moved forward another row. “I’ll explain more, if you want, but I think those details are best left for a more private moment. Perhaps email, or over the phone once you’re back home. But…I wanted to tell you the truth before you left for good.”
So that’s why he was here.
To say his piece and then send her on her way.
It was sweet that he came all the way out here, literally running across an airport to tell her something he could have done via mail or a phone call…but it was more bittersweet than anything. She forced a smile, though, because he had enough on his mind, and he didn’t need to know how close she’d been to throwing herself at him and telling him she wanted to love him with all her heart.
That she wanted to be with him, even though she couldn’t.
Because he was a king.
“Thank you for that.” She widened her smile, clasping her hands in front of her so she didn’t reach for him. “It’s nice to know what happened. Closure and all that. I didn’t know he disliked me so much as to go to all that trouble, though.”
“He didn’t dislike you. I think he just felt I was too young to be in love with someone as deeply as I was. Afterward, he felt bad, though. Not that this makes up for what he did, but he’s the one who paid your tuition,” he said slowly, still staring at her with a desperation she couldn’t quite ignore or deny, despite the rational thoughts she was trying to cling to. “And he requested Baker send you here, too.”
Blinking, she clasped the seat in front of her, letting that all sink in. When she’d gotten the scholarship for struggling kids, she’d been shocked—mostly because she had only applied for it on a whim. But she’d gotten a full ride to college.
Food. Boarding. Books.
The whole nine yards.
And then when her boss insisted she be the one to go on this trip…suddenly, it all made perfect sense. “So he brought me here…why?”
“To make it up to you, and to bring us back into the same country together.” Another row closer. She could feel that invisible pull he’d talked about, urging her to step closer to him. To grab him and never let him go, no matter the consequences. “I’m guessing.”
“Wow.” She let out a small laugh and tucked her hair behind her ear. “I don’t really know what to say to that.”
“I’m even suspecting he had a part in us seeing one another that night.” He cast a quick look at the crowd, leaving off any detail of how or where.
Her jaw dropped. “Now that you mention it…I got a flyer slipped under my door, with a ticket for free entry and some free drinks. I thought it was just a complimentary hotel thing.”
He let out a small laugh and rubbed his jaw, coming one step closer. There were only ten rows between them now. Every time he passed one, the people in it stared at him with awe—even the Americans. She didn’t blame them. He was a prince.
A king, actually…
Even if they didn’t know that yet.
“Well, then, that confirms my suspicions.” He smiled sadly. The emotions inside of him had to be even more messed up than hers were. His father had lied to him, hid things, and then tried to make it right…but had died before doing so. If that wasn’t enough to make a person want to scream, she didn’t know what was. “He brought us back together, the best way he could, because he regretted his actions. It doesn’t excuse him, or make it okay, but I wanted you to know.”
She swallowed, blinking rapidly, because all this information was a lot to take in. And because this was a good-bye. A real good-bye. “Thank you for letting me know. I’m sorry I didn’t believe you. It’s…it’s been a rough few years, and I’m not saying it makes my actions okay, or anything, either. But…it’s hard for me to trust. To leap in with both feet. I’m not that girl who introduces herself to the cute boy at the skating rink anymore.”
He smiled and came another row closer. “And I’m not that boy, either.” He froze, glancing around the plane, almost as if he’d just remembered where they were, and why. “We met before, you see. In America. We were what you Americans call High School Sweethearts…is that the right term, Alicia?”
Alicia laughed, impending tears making her throat ache. “Kind of, yes.”
“I loved her, you see,” he said slowly to the crowd, pressing a hand over his chest. “I loved her with all my heart. The type of love that you only read about in books. That was ten years ago, and I thought of her every day.” He turned back to Alicia and tapped his chest, shutting out the crowd again as he focused on her. “I thought of you every day, Alicia, and I just thought I’d let you know, before you go, that I loved you so very much.”
The woman next to him clutched her own chest and sighed, tears running down her cheeks. It took Alicia less than a second to realize that tears ran down her cheeks, too. It took all of her control not to throw herself at him and beg him to take her back to the castle with him. She didn’t want to go home. She wanted him.
He could still marry his princess, like he had to, and she could—
And that’s where the fantasy ended.
Sitting idly by, watching him marry another woman? Have children with her? Yeah, no. No way. She wasn’t that woman. She couldn’t be that woman.
Not even for him.
But, God, I wish I could.
“I thought of you, too.” She smiled, but tears still rolled down her cheeks. It wasn’t fair. None of this was fair. “Every day.”
Another row closed between them, and he stared at her with parted lips. “You’re crying. Why?”
“I don’t know,” she said, swiping her hand across her cheek. “It’s just sad, I guess. All of this is just…sad.”
“That we thought of each other?” he asked quietly.
She laughed uneasily, because she could feel at least a hundred pairs of eyes on her, and she swiped her hands across her cheeks, trying to dry them. It was pointless, because more tears came. “Yes.”
“Yeah…” He nodded. “You’re free to go, you know.”
Tears blurring her vision, she nodded, watching as he took another step toward her. The woman in the aisle seat touched his shirt in awe. “I know.”
“I won’t try to stop you or change your mind.”
Wrapping her arms around herself, she nodded again. “It’s probably best if you didn’t. We both know how this ends, after all.”
Another row. There were only three left now. And that pull between them was stronger than ever. “And how’s that, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“With you marrying a princess.” She cast a quick glance around the plane. “One with lots of land and money. And with me going back to New York to my cat.”
“You have a cat?”
“Yeah.” She gripped her biceps, holding on tight. “And a fish.”
He raised a brow. “You had a fish, you mean?”
“Wh—?” She choked on a laugh. “Scotty would never eat Wallace.”
“He sounds very well behaved, then.”
“Extremely,” she said, picturing her fluffy white Persian cat.
“And you want to go back to them?”
She hesitated. “Well…”
“To work on your bucket list?” he asked.
“I crossed off quite a bit already. I think I’ll give it a rest.”
He tapped the top of an aisle seat with his fingers. “I’m breaking all of my rules in doing this, in making a scene that will more than likely be all over every single social media site, if it isn’t already, but I don’t care. I’m going to say it anyway. I’m going to miss you, Alicia. So much. Every day. You’ll always be the girl I fell in love with on that skating rink all those years ago, and I’ll never forget that. I loved you then, and I love you now. I will always love you, Alicia, no matter how far away you are.”
She closed her eyes, tears rolling down her cheeks. This was it. This was good-bye. And the second he finished, he’d walk off that plane, and she’d be in the air, and she’d never see him again, except maybe in the news when he finally found the woman who would one day be his wife. His queen.
And it would kill her.
After all these years, and all that pain, and everything that had happened since she saw him in that nightclub…it was time for her to be honest with herself. Deep down, some way, some how, she’d known who he was the second she saw him. It was why she was so willing to have sex in a nightclub with him. Instinctively, she’d known him, because he held her heart in his hands.
And always would.
“I’ll never forget you, either,” she finally said. “I love you, too.”
The second the words were out of her mouth…
He leaped through the rest of the distance, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her like all those years that stood between them were gone and they’d never been separated in a cruel twist of fate. Like he wasn’t a king, and she wasn’t American.
He kissed her like…like…
He was never going to stop.





Chapter Nineteen
The second she said those three little words, the words he hadn’t heard from her since they were kids, any calm and logical desire to play fair, to tell her he was sorry and leave the plane, fled. He had hundreds of eyes on him, and there were more than a few phones pointed his way, recording for Instagram or Periscope or whatever, but none of that mattered anymore. Nothing mattered but this. Them. Alicia.
She was all that he needed in this world.
And she loved him.
Their lips melded together perfectly, as they always did, and he crushed her to his chest, wrapping her in his arms so tightly it was a miracle she didn’t break. She fisted his shirt in both hands, letting out a surprised gasp. A gasp he took full advantage of, slipping his tongue inside her mouth to taste her like a starved man.
And he was starved.
For her.
Ending the kiss, he rested his forehead on hers, letting out a groan. “Say it again, Alicia.”
“I love you,” she breathed. “But—”
He kissed her again, cutting off whatever she was about to say. If there was one thing he learned about her over the past few days, it was that the second she let herself take that leap that she said she no longer took, she immediately tried to backpedal and overthink the situation. She’d done it the first time they hooked up at the nightclub, then at the skating rink, and again last night.
That wasn’t because she didn’t want him, or care about him, though.
It was fear.
All he could do to help was hold her hand and assure her she wasn’t making a mistake in loving him. Because now that she loved him, too, there was no way in hell he was losing her again. If she didn’t want to stay here…
He’d find a way to make it work.
To have her.
Breaking off the kiss, he cupped her cheeks and pulled back. She blinked up at him, looking a little bit confused and lost. “No buts. You love me.”
She licked her lips. “Yes…but—”
“And I love you.” He smiled, and the crowd around them broke out in excited whispers. “I’ve always loved you, and my father was right to bring you here. He wanted me to fall in love, and get married, and I would never do that with you out there somewhere, maybe thinking about me as much as I thought about you.”
“I was. I am.” She covered his hands with hers. “But you’re a…” She side-eyed the crowd around them, cutting herself off. “…uh…prince.”
He cocked a brow. “And that’s a problem for you?”
“Well…yeah.” She bit down on her lip, staring up at him with the brightest, purest, prettiest eyes he’d ever seen. His heart gave out a little burst of warmth, because here, right now, in front of all these people, he saw his future in those eyes. And it looked pretty damn good. “I might have done research on your customs…”
He blinked in confusion, ripping himself out of his thoughts. “What customs?”
“You know.” Her lashes lowered, and her cheeks pinked. “Marriage customs, and stuff. I looked it up, and you have to marry a princess, which is fine. I mean, it’s expected, considering…you know. Who you are.” Her cheeks went even pinker. “God, I can’t believe I just admitted I Googled that.”
Knowing she had looked into the possibility of them ending up together…? Yeah. It fucking sealed the deal, in his mind. Even before this moment, she’d wanted this. She’d wanted them together, even in the slightest, smallest way, and that was all he needed to hear to know he was making the right choice. As if he’d ever doubted it.
He loved her, and she loved him…
So there was no decision left to make.
Lowering his face to hers, he smiled and brushed his lips across hers gently and whispered, “By the way, that law has been changed. My father saw to it six months ago.”
Her eyes widened. “Wait. What?”
“You heard me.” Pulling back, he laughed nervously and rubbed the back of his neck. “I swore I wouldn’t do this. That I wouldn’t ask you to stay. But I—” His gaze scanned the crowd, and all the women on the flight watched him with their hands pressed to their chests, or their mouths, and the men stared with wide eyes. This was probably the worst place to have this conversation, and it wasn’t something a prince should do, but it didn’t matter anymore. None of that did. “Don’t go. I love you, and I’ll always love you, and we were just kids when we met, and when we made those promises, but I stand by every word I said back then, as the man I am today.”
She smiled sadly, taking a shaky breath. When she opened her mouth to speak, he pressed his fingers to her lips, because quite frankly? He was scared to hear her reply.
Scared she’d tell him she loved him, too, but that love wasn’t enough.
But it had to be. This time, it had to be enough.
“More importantly, I stand by what I said yesterday, too. Even if you stay on this flight and go home, I’ll always be here, waiting for that phone call.” He ran this thumb over her lower lip, watching her pink lips give way under his touch. “A year. Five. Ten. A million. Doesn’t matter how much time passes. I’ll be single, and waiting for you to change your mind, waiting for my phone to ring because you’re here and you need me to pick you up at the airport. Because a love like we have? One that survives ten years of lies, separation, and pain? That doesn’t die. It never will. I’ll be here. Waiting for you. I swear that.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks again, and she reached up, burying her hand in his hair, letting out a small chuckle. “God, that was good. Like, really, really good. How long have you been planning that speech?”
“Ten long, lonely, horrible years.” He slid his thumbs over her cheeks, wiping away the tears. “And I’ll do it all over again, if that’s what you want from me.”
She threaded her other hand in his hair, shaking her head, and smiled. “I don’t want that. I want you. This. Us. But—”
“If you don’t want to stay, that’s okay. You can go home, and we’ll make it work. Facetime. Phone calls. Texts.” He tightened his grip on her, the idea of letting go of her so she could leave not settling well in the pit of his stomach. But he’d do it. He’d do anything for her. “We can make it work.”
“You’re right. We totally could.” She let go of him, backing up, and he held his breath, because if she sat back down in that seat…a small part of him would die. He watched her closely as she opened the overhead compartment. “But—”
He winced. “Please. No buts.”
“But—” She cut herself off. “I mean… Take me home.”
He raised a brow. “Home?”
“Yeah. To the castle.” Pulling her bag down, she set it on the floor between them, wrapped her arms around his neck, and whispered. “Home.”
He kissed her sweetly, unable to resist having another taste. Grinning, he laughed into her mouth as the plane erupted in cheers and clapping. “I can’t wait to get you home,” he whispered into her mouth.
“Good,” she whispered, tightening her grip on his hair. “Now let’s go so I can show you, in privacy, just how much I love you.”
“As you wish.” He kissed her one last time. “Anything you wish, forever and always.”
With her lips and her body pressed against his and her hands in his hair—this was it. This was what he’d been waiting for his whole life.
Their happy ending.





Epilogue
Six months later
Alicia stood in front of the mirror in her bedroom, staring at herself with wide eyes, parted lips, and so many diamonds on her that it was ridiculous. She wore a sequined gold gown, a diamond tiara, a bracelet, teardrop earrings, bright red lipstick that stood out in stark contrast against her blonde hair, pale skin, and blue eyes.
And, once again, she felt utterly out of place.
And she wasn’t even there yet.
She stood in an opulent room with lush furnishings, and in the mirror she could see the bed she shared with the man she loved…who just so happened to be a king. Resting her hands on her vanity, she shook her head at the turn her life had taken over the last few months. She’d gone from living in a small studio apartment in Harlem, by herself, to living in a legitimate palace, and never being alone.
It was crazy.
Insane.
Unbelievable.
And yet…it was real.
Even though they never spent a night out of each other’s arms, they kept up appearances by keeping her in her own room three doors down from his. He’d wanted to put her in the queen’s chambers, but she refused. It was enough that the people had to accept an American as their King’s lover, but to make it so she broke tradition and slept with the king in his bed before marriage…
She drew the line there.
She had to draw the line somewhere.
Someone knocked on the door, and Scotty bolted under the bed, leaving behind a tuft of fur as he hid from whoever interrupted his supper. Shaking her head at the cat, she straightened, pressing a hand to her stomach, which fluttered nervously, and tried to stop worrying so freaking much. Tonight was a big deal, though, because Leo had awarded her with some lands that made her an official lady. Lady Wallace—in honor of her dead fish. Poor guy.
But anyway, she now owned a country estate on five acres of rolling hills and lush meadows. That had been her Christmas present from Leo.
A freaking cottage.
She’d gotten him a fitness watch. He’d acted like it was a million dollars.
“Come in,” she called out.
The door opened, and in stepped the man of her dreams. The man who had given her more in these last six months than she’d ever imagined possible. Things she hadn’t even remotely believed she could have.
Like happiness.
He shut the door behind him, whistling through his teeth as his gaze raked over her. Like always, her body leaped to life at his appreciative stare. “You look utterly, breathtakingly, unbelievably beautiful tonight. I am, hands down, the luckiest man on this planet, because I get to have you on my arm.”
Her cheeks heated, and she smiled. “And you, sir, are as smooth a talker as ever. But you already have my heart, so you can stop with your flowery words.”
“Never,” he said, pulling her into his arms and kissing her forehead. “The day I stop saying how lucky I am, is the day I start taking you for granted, and it’ll be the day I start to lose you, so it’ll never happen. Not on my watch.”
She fisted his tuxedo jacket, smiling and burying her nose in his shirt, inhaling deeply. He still smelled delicious, and she could never get enough. “I love you so much.”
“I love you, too.” He kissed the top of her head, his hands splayed on her lower back. His chest and arms tightened around her, and he let out a sigh. “There’s something missing from your wardrobe, though.”
Pulling back, she chewed on her lower lip nervously, tugging on the crown necklace Brian had given her all those years ago. Some things would never change, and she refused to remove it. It was a reminder of Brian, and what he’d meant to her. It was a shout out to him, as well, because if not for that bucket list he gave her…
She never would have found Leo again.
Thank you, Brian.
“What’s missing?’ she asked nervously.
“You need more…” He rubbed his chin, staring at her thoughtfully. “Diamonds.”
She stiffened. “Seriously? I’m practically a walking jewelry store already.” She moved over to the mirror, studying herself critically. “And to be honest, I feel like the tiara is a bit much. I mean, it’s not like I’m a princess. Just a small property holder.”
“You might not be a princess,” he said, his voice gravelly from behind her. “But I want you to be my queen. Turn around, Alicia.”
“I—” As she turned, the words she’d been about to say died in her throat. Because there, kneeling behind her on one knee, was Leo. He held a ring in his hand that had more diamonds on it than she had dollars in her bank account. It was white gold, or platinum, and it had a princess cut diamond smack dab in the middle of all the other ones. A huge, several carat diamond. “Oh my God.”
He gave her a huge, beautiful, brilliant smile. “Having you back in my life has made me the happiest man on this earth, and knowing you’re here, by my side, is all I want. You’ve taught me how to laugh, how to have fun, and how to stop taking everything so damn seriously. You’ve made my life…a life…and I cannot imagine living it without you at my side, whispering little things in my ear that make me laugh at inappropriate times.”
She covered her mouth, tears filling her eyes. “I—”
“And before you spew a whole lot of logic at me, about how you just became a lady, and how we should wait to announce this, or hold off on taking as huge a step as this, you should know I don’t give a damn.” He held the ring up, “You were there with me when I lost my father, and you helped me pick up the pieces of my life that fractured because of his death. You forgave me, and him, and you accepted me as I am, faults and all. I love you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, as my queen. And more than ever, I want to call you mine. My lover. My partner. My queen. My wife.”
She pressed her fingers against her lips, speechless.
“I missed out on ten years with you by my side, making my life brighter, and I refuse to lose even another second.” He locked eyes with her, took a deep breath, and asked, “Alicia Forkes, will you do me the honor of being my wife?”
Nodding, she gulped in a huge breath, but it turned into more of a sob than anything, as she fell to her knees and framed his face with unsteady hands. “Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes.”
Laughing, he dropped the ring between them and pulled her into his arms, kissing her until she forgot all about the party out there, and the people, and everything else that was making her nervous. Because all that mattered was she’d have Leo by her side, holding her tight, and when the party was over…
She’d fall asleep in his arms.
And that was all she needed.
Him.
He broke off the kiss, laughing again, picked up the ring and said, “I’m clearly the luckiest bastard alive. Give me your hand.”
With blurry eyes, she watched him slide it onto her ring finger. It, of course, fit perfectly. “It’s beautiful.”
“It was my mother’s, and her mother’s, and so on. It’s the royal ring, and it’s been passed down for over four hundred years.” He tightened his grip on her fingers and lifted his face to hers. The happiness, tinged with a bit of possessiveness, she saw in those dark blue depths stole her breath right out of her lungs. “My future queen,” he said reverently.
“My king,” she whispered, pressing her hand to his cheek.
He kissed her gently. Smiling at her, he stood and offered her his hand, his light dusting of freckles playing on his cheeks. “Are you ready to show everyone their future queen?”
With him by her side? She was ready for anything.
She slipped her hand into his and let him lead her out into the hallway, down the stairs, and to the doors of the ballroom. As the butler—James—swung open the opulent maple doors, and she glanced at Leo and his staid, serious expression as he stood ramrod straight, she rose up on tiptoes and whispered, “Meet me in your office for a quickie at ten?”
He shot her an incredulous look, opened his mouth, closed it…
And laughed.
Everyone turned, watching them with a smile, and he leaned down, his eyes sparkling mischievously. “As you wish, my queen. As you wish.”

Did you love this Indulgence? Check out more of our category romance titles here!
And for exclusive sneak peeks at our upcoming books, excerpts, contests, chats with our authors and editors, and more…
Sign up for our Newsletter
Be sure to like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter





About the Author
Diane Alberts is a multi-published, bestselling contemporary romance author with Entangled Publishing. She also writes New York Times, USA Today, and Wall Street Journal bestselling new adult books under the name Jen McLaughlin. Sheâ€™s hit the Top 100 lists on Amazon and Barnes and Noble numerous times with numerous titles. She was mentioned in Forbes alongside E. L. James as one of the breakout independent authors to dominate the bestselling lists. Diane is represented by Louise Fury at The Bent Agency.
Sign up for our Romance Steals newsletter and be the first to hear about new releases from Diane Alberts and other fantastic Entangled authors!
Reviews help other readers find books. We appreciate all reviews, whether positive or negative. Thank you for reading!





Discover the Modern Fairy Tales series
Beauty and the Boss
Also by Diane Alberts…
Take a Chance series
Try Me
Love Me
Play Me
Take Me
Shillings Agency series
Temporarily Yours
Stealing His Heart
Seducing the Princess
Taking What’s His
Say You’re Mine
Faking It
Falling for the Groomsman
Kiss Me at Midnight
Divinely Ruined
On One Condition





Discover more category romance titles from Entangled Indulgence…
His Undercover Princess
a novel by Avery Flynn
Elle Olsen lives in fear of someone discovering her secret identity as Princess Eloise, but the men who killed her entire family are coming after her. All Elle wants is to disappear into anonymity again, but the billionaire who kidnaps her isn’t about to let that happen. Dominick Rasmussen is one of the world’s most eligible bachelors. As a secret resistance fighter, his one goal is to get the Princess on the throne. But his stubborn and sexy undercover princess has no interest in wearing a tiara again. Neither Dom nor Elle can deny the attraction bringing them closer together. As the stakes rise and danger increases, they are forced to choose between love and country…
One Night with the Billionaire
a Men of the Zodiac novel by Sarah Ballance
Zoe Davenport is on her way to a private resort where there’s no ex-fiancé and definitely no public scandal involving him. All it takes is one look at the sexy resort owner for Zoe to wonder if she’s landed in even hotter water. But Ryder Nash isn’t a stranger—he was once the bad-boy-next-door neighbor she couldn’t stand...until her father got rid of him. If Ryder gives into the fiery attraction that rages between them—even for a moment—he’ll lose everything all over again...
A Man of Honor
a Kingston Family novel by Miranda Liasson
Former Army Captain and venture capitalist Preston Guthrie has always had a thing for Cat Kingston, but he never felt like he could date his best friend’s sister. When they met again before he was deployed, sparks flew. For the first time, he thought a relationship with her might be possible…until an injury in the war changed everything. Preston’s struggling with a leg wound, but the war scarred him on the inside, too. When Cat pays him a surprise visit and her brother catches them in a compromising position, Preston tells him they’re dating. He’s not sure how he can spend the entire wedding week fake-dating her when the chemistry between them feels anything but…
Reforming the Playboy
a Passion Creek Romance by Inara Scott
Internationally-renowned artist Max Estin is as well known for his million dollar commissions as he is his partying and clubbing. But now, unable to unlock his art, he’s going to need the one woman he never wanted to see again. Kira Estin never told Max exactly why she left, or what secrets forced her to return home to Passion Creek so abruptly. When a chance reunion turns to seduction, Kira knows better than to trust Max. But when everyone is hiding a secret, can even the hottest passion survive?









