







Dirty
Filthy Billionaire
 
A Dirty Universe Novella
 
 
By
Laurelin Paige
 
 






Dirty Filthy Billionaire
A Dirty Universe Novella
By Laurelin Paige
 
1001 Dark Nights
Copyright 2023 Laurelin Paige
ISBN: 979-8-88542-014-3
 
Foreword: Copyright 2014 M. J. Rose
 
Published by 1001 Dark Nights Press, an imprint of Evil Eye
Concepts, Incorporated
 
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced,
scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.
Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in
violation of the author’s rights.
 
This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters and
incidents are the product of the author’s imagination and are fictitious. Any
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or establishments is
solely coincidental.




Book
Description
Dirty Filthy Billionaire by Laurelin Paige
A Dirty Universe Novella
 
From New York Times and USA Today
bestselling author Laurelin Paige comes a new story in her Dirty Universe
series…
 
I’m damn good at my job.
 
So if I swipe my boss’s event invitations from time to time,
it’s kind of like a much-earned bonus. He’ll never miss them, and I get a
five-star free meal in the company of men in well-fitted suits.
 
But then he shows up at an award’s dinner that I’m most definitely
not supposed to be at.
 
Lucky for me, when my boss accuses me of stealing his
ticket, a hot swoony man in a tux steps in and says, “She came with me.”
 
Now I owe the stranger one, which is totally cool.
 
Until I discover the hot, swoony man is none other than
Steele Sebastian, a rich man with a penchant for scandal.
 
And the way he wants me to pay him back?
 
Let’s just say that Steele Sebastian has a reputation as a
dirty filthy billionaire, and I’m about to find out why.
 
**Every 1001 Dark Nights novella is a standalone story. For
new readers, it’s an introduction to an author’s world. And for fans, it’s a
bonus book in the author’s series. We hope you'll enjoy each one as much as we
do.**




About
Laurelin Paige
With millions of books sold, Laurelin Paige is the NY
Times, Wall Street Journal, and USA Today Bestselling
Author of the Fixed Trilogy. She's a sucker for a good romance and gets giddy
anytime there’s kissing, much to the embarrassment of her three daughters. Her husband
doesn't seem to complain, however. When she isn’t reading or writing sexy
stories, she’s probably singing, watching Billions and Succession,
or dreaming of Michael Fassbender. She’s also a proud member of Mensa
International though she doesn't do anything with the organization except use
it as material for her bio.
 
You can connect with Laurelin on Facebook at www.facebook.com/LaurelinPaige, Instagram
@thereallaurelinpaige, or Tik Tok @laurelinpaige. You can also visit her
website, www.laurelinpaige.com, to sign up for e-mails about new
releases.




Also
From Laurelin Paige
Click to purchase
 
 
Brutal Billionaires
Brutal Billionaire
 
Man in Charge Duet
Man in Charge
Man in Love
Man for Me: A Man in Charge Novella (1001 Dark Nights)
 
Slay Series
Slay One: Rivalry
Slay Two: Ruin
Slay Three: Revenge
Slay Four: Rising
Slash: A Slay Novella (1001 Dark Nights)
 
The Fixed Series
Fixed on You
Found in You
Forever with You
Hudson
Falling Under You: A
Fixed Trilogy Novella (1001 Dark Nights)
Chandler
Dirty, Filthy Fix: A
Fixed Trilogy Novella (1001 Dark Nights)
Fixed Forever
 
Dirty Universe
Dirty Filthy Rich Boys
Dirty Filthy Rich Men
Dirty Filthy Rich Love
Dirty, Sexy Player
Dirty Sexy Games
Sweet Liar
Sweet Fate
Dirty Sweet Valentine
Wild Rebel
Wild War
Wild Heart
Kincaid
Dirty Filthy
Billionaire: A Dirty Universe Novella (1001 Dark Nights)
 
Found Duet
Free Me
Find Me
The Open Door: A Found Duet Novella (1001 Dark
Nights)
 
First and Last
First Touch
Last Kiss
 
Hollywood Heat
Sex Symbol
Star Struck
One More Time
Close
 
Co-Written Works:
Written with Sierra
Simone:
Porn Star
Hot Cop
 
Written with Kayti
McGee:
Dating Season
Spring Fling
Summer Rebound
Fall Hard
Winter Bloom
Spring Fever
Summer Lovin
 
Miss Match
Love Struck
MisTaken: A Novella




Dedication
For all the prickly people who say they hate everyone,
so no one knows they have a gooey, vulnerable center




Discover
More 1001 Dark Nights authors and their amazing stories…
Click here
to explore
 
Lara
Adrian
Dylan
Allen
Jennifer
L. Armentrout
Kristen Ashley
Tessa Bailey
Sawyer Bennett
Shayla Black
Lexi
Blake
Lauren Blakely
K.
Bromberg
Claire
Contreras
Tina
Folsom
Melissa Foster
Heather Graham
Donna
Grant
Liliana Hart
Larissa Ione
Alexandra Ivy
Lorelei James
Darynda Jones
Lisa Renee
Jones
Laura
Kaye
J. Kenner
Corinne
Michaels
Elisabeth
Naughton
Laurelin Paige
Carly Phillips
Jennifer Probst
Kristen Proby
C.D.
Reiss
Christopher
Rice
Carrie Ann Ryan
Kendall Ryan
Kennedy Ryan
Kylie
Scott
Jill
Shalvis
Gena Showalter
Cherise
Sinclair
Susan Stoker
Tijan
Rachel Van Dyken
Skye
Warren
Laura Wright
Joanna Wylde
Rebecca Zanetti




Discover
More Blue Box Press authors and their amazing stories…
Click here
to explore
 
Jennifer L.
Armentrout
Kristen
Ashley
Xio Axelrod
Sawyer
Bennett
Steve
Berry
Lexi
Blake
Audrey
Carlan
Robin
Covington
Kaylea
Cross
Jay
Crownover
Avery
Flynn
C.
W. Gortner
KL
Grayson
Cristin
Harber
Lynn
Raye Harris
Liliana
Hart
Larissa
Ione
Suzanne
M. Johnson
Laura
Kaye
J.
Kenner
Kimberly
Kincaid
Gennita
Low
Randy Susan
Meyers
Corinne
Michaels
Monica
Murphy
Carly
Phillips
Kristen
Proby
Christopher Rice
Lucinda
Riley
M.J.
Rose
Kennedy
Ryan
Cherise Sinclair
Susan
Stoker
Rachel
Van Dyken
Samantha
Young




Table of Contents
Book Description
About Laurelin Paige
Also from Laurelin Paige
Dedication
Discover More 1001 Dark Nights Authors
Discover More Blue Box Press Authors
Foreword
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Epilogue
Discover 1001 Dark Nights Collection
Ten
Discover More Laurelin Paige
An excerpt from Brutal Billionaire by Laurelin
Paige
Discover the World of 1001 Dark
Nights
Special Thanks




One
Thousand and One Dark Nights
Once upon a time, in the future…
 
I was a student fascinated with stories and learning.
I studied philosophy, poetry, history, the occult, and
the art and science of love and magic. I had a vast
library at my father’s home and collected thousands
of volumes of fantastic tales.
 
I learned all about ancient races and bygone
times. About myths and legends and dreams of all
people through the millennium. And the more I read
the stronger my imagination grew until I discovered
that I was able to travel into the stories... to actually
become part of them.
 
I wish I could say that I listened to my teacher
and respected my gift, as I ought to have. If I had, I
would not be telling you this tale now.
But I was foolhardy and confused, showing off
with bravery.
 
One afternoon, curious about the myth of the
Arabian Nights, I traveled back to ancient Persia to
see for myself if it was true that every day Shahryar
(Persian: شهريار,
“king”) married a new virgin, and then
sent yesterday's wife to be beheaded. It was written
and I had read that by the time he met Scheherazade,
the vizier's daughter, he’d killed one thousand
women.
 
Something went wrong with my efforts. I arrived
in the midst of the story and somehow exchanged
places with Scheherazade – a phenomena that had
never occurred before and that still to this day, I
cannot explain.
 
Now I am trapped in that ancient past. I have
taken on Scheherazade’s life and the only way I can
protect myself and stay alive is to do what she did to
protect herself and stay alive.
 
Every night the King calls for me and listens as I spin
tales.
And when the evening ends and dawn breaks, I stop at a
point that leaves him breathless and yearning for more.
And so the King spares my life for one more day, so that
he might hear the rest of my dark tale.
 
As soon as I finish a story... I begin a new
one... like the one that you, dear reader, have before
you now.




Chapter One
I have one word for the menu in front of me—fandamntastic.
Honestly, I’m not surprised. The Annual Awards for Advances
in the Media has the best dinner of the year. I should know because I attend
many. Every time my boss, Donovan Kincaid, declines an invitation, I RSVP in
his place because, seriously. Saffron crème brûlée? Sure beats the from-the-box
cheesecake at Doug’s Diner on 34th.  
Not knocking Doug. He makes most of my meals these days—or
his kitchen staff does—but the convenience and affordability rank higher than
the taste. He’s open late, does take-out and delivery, and is only a block from
my apartment. Plus, he lets me order off-menu, which is not easy to find these
days.
And again, by he, I mean the staff.  Doug doesn’t know me from Eve, and still he’s
the number one man in my life after Donovan. 
That probably says more about me than I should admit.
Point being, I will take any chance I can to get a fancy
meal for one that doesn’t require a date or using my own credit card.
Particularly, when the meal has a dessert as scrumptious as saffron crème
brûlée.
I’m already salivating when someone sits in the seat next to
me.
This is a good time to mention that I’m not really a people
person. Or rather, I’m a specific-people sort of person, meaning I can list the
specific people I like on one hand:
1. Donovan.
2. His business partners, Nate and Cade (thank God Weston
moved to France because ew).
3. My neighbor Ashish, who waters my plants for me when I
need him to. (I return the favor with fairly satisfying casual sex).
4. And Doug of Doug’s Diner, whom I’ve never met and might
not even be a real person.
I like my sister, Danelle, most of the time too, but not
enough to add her to the list, and besides, family shouldn’t count. 
It’s perhaps a bad quality for someone who has a people-facing
job, I know, but I’m pretty good at faking it when I have to. I’ve never had
any of Donovan’s clients lodge a formal complaint, and as his capital P,
Personal, capital A, Assistant—do not call me secretary; I loathe the word—I
interact with all of them. Whatever I lack in customer service, I more than
make up for with my organization skills. I know how to hide the dead bodies, so
to speak, and Donovan has more of those than many of the other rich bastards in
this town.
All that to say, I do not come to these functions to
socialize.
Obviously, I RSVP’d a plus one, which means that my purse is
occupying the seat to my left. We’re given our table number at check-in, so I
couldn’t do a speedy online stalk of whoever else is assigned to this round. So
far, it’s been tolerable. The older couple across from me are too uptight to
engage with anyone ambiguously ethnic. My straight dark hair and light eyes
skew more toward my Brazilian Swiss side, but my darker skin, luscious lips,
and bone structure give away my Afro-Japanese genes, so I’m doubting the older
couple will try to engage. The couple next to them are fellow Millennials and
too into posting on Instagram to have noticed me. The Latina next to them seems
to be part of their party. I was prepared to ignore whoever sat in the last
empty seat to my right, expecting the usual too white, too old, too
out-of-touch misogynist to take the spot. 
I am not prepared for the six-foot, beardy, dark
blond, green-eyed masterpiece that wears a tux better than I wear a grudge—and
I’m a Scorpio; I can seriously wear a grudge—that sits beside me. So not
prepared that I literally choke on my water.
Thankfully, I’m smooth, and cover it up with a swerve of my
head in the opposite direction, along with a subtle cough that I’m sure comes
off as a reaction to the circulated air. There’s no way he notices.
“Are you okay, there?” Fuck, his voice is sandpaper. The
best of all kinds of voices. “If you need the Heimlich, I’m going to have to
pass.” 
I almost choke again for a multitude of reasons:
1. He noticed.
2. That voice.
3. He’s going to pass?
I gather myself as quickly as possible, which is pretty
quick. It’s amazing how together I can be when I’m annoyed. “You can’t pass on
someone choking. What if I’d been dying?”
He looks at me like I’m an idiot. “You weren’t dying.”
“But what if I had been? You can’t just say pass.”
He leans an elbow on the table and holds up a single finger.
“One, it’s not my obligation to know how to do the Heimlich.”
Oh my God, he’s using lists. That’s my language. 
His second finger goes up. “Two, it’s not my responsibility
to attempt to rescue a stranger who would probably sue me for manhandling.” A
third finger. “Three, nothing’s been served but water.” He drops his hand, not
bothering with holding up another digit. “Four, you’re talking to me. You’re
obviously fine.” 
So conceited. Obviously an Aries. 
Dammit, that makes him even hotter.
I narrow my eyes, unsure if I should bother with a comeback.
On the one hand, I don’t want to encourage conversation. On the other hand, I do
love a good sparring match. Especially if it’s followed up with a one-night
only tussle in the bedroom. Preferably, his bedroom, since my sheets
are due for the laundry.
In the end, I can’t help myself. No one will ever call Simone
Lima a quitter.
I lower my voice so as not to invite the others into the
conversation before speaking. “Maybe I popped a cough drop in my mouth.”
He leans in, lowering his voice to match mine. “But you
didn’t.”
“But you didn’t know that.” 
“But I did.”
“How? You just sat down.”
“Because I’ve been watching you for the past ten minutes.” 
I’m momentarily speechless. Point to him. 
When I find my voice, all I’m able to say is, “Oh.” Then
again, “Ohhhh,” drawing out the sound this time, because I see the game now.
This is definitely foreplay, and I’m here for it.
Sitting back in my chair, I cross my arms under my breasts,
giving them a little needed perk. (They don’t need much.) Then I layer my best
purr under my words. “Looking for anything particular during your cross-the-room
stalking?”
“Honestly? I was trying to decide if the dinner was worth
it, or if I should continue schmoozing in the lounge instead.”
I’m guessing the reason he chose the meal was moi, but I
play coy. “The dinner is definitely worth it.”
He shrugs. “Possibly. Worth it enough to have to put up with
conversation with strangers?”
God, I’ve never felt so seen. 
It’s the exact same question I ask myself every time I
decide to attend one of these events. Several invites get tossed immediately
after having discovered from experience how not worth conversation with
strangers the meals are.
But just as I’m about to express the feeling of kinship, I
see that the man has picked up his phone and appears to be scrolling mindlessly.
In other words, the “strangers” he wants to avoid are me.
“You have some nerve.” What I really want to say is fuck
you, but I don’t want to give him the satisfaction of seeing just how riled up
I am. “You talked to me first.”
“Only because you were trying to get my attention with that
fake choking thing, and I wanted you to know that it wasn’t going to work.”
For fuck’s sake. “One”—I hold up a finger as he did just a
few minutes ago to me—“I wasn’t faking. Two, check your ego, why don’t you.
Three, if it had been a scheme, it did work, because you haven’t paid attention
to much of anything but me since you sat down.”
“That wasn’t faking?” Of all the things I said for him to
zero down on. “Are you just awkward or…?”
What I am is about ready to throw my knife at him, but I
know I’ll need it for the steak tartare. “I was shocked, you narcissist.”
“Shocked by…?”
I’m so worked up, I almost blurt out the truth and tell him
I was shocked by how attractive he is. Fortunately, I catch myself in time.
“Never mind. It’s not important.”
“No, I’m interested. Please, tell.”
His eyes have flecks of blue in the green, I realize.
They’re mesmerizing, which only makes me more annoyed. “It’s none of your
business,” I say, curtly. 
Thankfully, the waiters are coming round now, and a glorious
caprese salad is placed in front of me. I’m talking chef’s kiss appearance
here. I can already taste how good it is.
I cut into the tomato and mozzarella, preparing for my first
bite, when Mr. Irritating decides to continue his train-of-thought. 
“I had just sat down. Did it have to do with me?” He pauses
from slicing into his salad and lifts a tomato-clung fork toward me. “Were you
shocked that I was so dashing?”
Just like that, my first sublime bite is ruined. 
There must be a god, though, because I flush, but don’t
choke.
I set down my fork. “I’m shocked that you’d use the word dashing.
Are you British all of a sudden or did you just age forty years?”
“Denial and misdirection. Obviously, it was me.”
“Oh, please. I was shocked that anyone could be so arrogant.
I could feel it rolling off you before you even opened your mouth.” I feel good
about that save. “Frankly, men who look as good as you are always assholes. I
shouldn’t have been surprised.”
“Aha! You do think I’m good-looking.”
Goddammit. 
It’s out in the open now. Further denial will only help dig
my grave. “You know you’re good-looking.” Somewhere along the way, my voice has
risen to a level that attracts the third wheel of the trio. I decide to make
use of her attention. “Is he or is he not irrefutably good-looking?”
She looks to both sides before determining that I am indeed
talking to her. “Instagrammable, for sure.”
“See?”
But the annoying prick takes advantage of my witness and
cross-examines. “Shockingly good-looking?”
“That’s an accurate description,” she says, and fuck her
because now her friends are involved and they both agree.
Mr. Irritating smirks like he knows it’s my kryptonite and
is intentionally trying to wound me. “I rest my case.”
This is why I only like five people.
“Whatever, your ‘case’. Like I’m on trial. I swallowed my
water wrong, okay? That’s all it was. Make nothing more of it.” I stab my fork
into my tomato so hard that the table shakes and of course the rose bouquet
centerpiece topples because that’s exactly the way this meal is going.
The ass at my side reaches for it at the same time I do. He
manages to save it before water spills everywhere. I manage to snag my finger
on a thorn, and now I’m bleeding.
“I hate everything,” I mumble, before sticking my finger in
my mouth.
“Careful not to choke.”
No “are you okay?” or “let me help you with that.” I’m not
as surprised as I am disappointed because I’m still ridiculously attracted to
this jackass. He evokes dirty thoughts, whether I want him to or not, and after
I take my finger out and wrap my napkin around it, those thoughts shade my next
words. “For your information, I only choke on water.” 
His eyes darken with undeniable desire. Point to me. 
But although there are a million and one innuendos that
would perfectly land, he takes things in a completely different direction. “Who
are you here with?”
I glance at the empty chair at my side.
“Not who came with you. Obviously, you’re alone.” He doesn’t
even give me a chance to be offended. “I mean, what organization? What
company?”
There’s a sinking in my chest, and I’m suddenly sure he’s on
to me. That he knows somehow that I don’t belong here. “What company are you
with?”
“I asked first.”
“I don’t care who asked—”
He cuts me off, seemingly not interested in dragging this
out. “Sebastian News Corp. Now you.”
Sebastian? He’s probably just an employee, and not one of
the actual Sebastians, but there has been a Holt Sebastian harassing Donovan at
work the last couple of weeks. If he’s the same guy…
I don’t have time to dwell on that because he’s waiting for
my answer. It makes the most sense to admit I’m with Reach marketing,
especially because Donovan’s wife is here as a presenter somewhere. We’re too
far from the stage to be worried that she’ll see me, but it would be just my
luck that this guy would talk to her and mention me. 
And Sabrina’s such a goody-two shoes that there’s no way she
won’t make a big deal about it.
Besides, if this is the same guy harassing Donovan,
or connected to him, then there’s a good chance my presence here will get
reported back to my boss directly. 
So instead, I blurt the first name that comes to mind. “I’m
a personal assistant with Pierce Industries.”
“Hudson?”
“Mm hm.” I stuff another bite of salad in my mouth.
“Trish isn’t working with him anymore?”
Of course he fucking knows Hudson Pierce’s secretary. 
I set my fork down and take a swallow—a careful
swallow—of my water before answering. “I thought you were asking if Hudson was
the Pierce of Pierce Industries. Which he is. I’m not his personal assistant.”
“Then whose personal assistant are you?”
I should make up a name, but for some reason I’m not
thinking as clearly as usual. It’s like half of my blood has traveled
south—damn him for being as hot as he is annoying—so I’m not at my best when I
say, “Chandler’s.” 
I’m an idiot.
It’s the second worst answer I could have given after
Hudson, because he’s Hudson’s little brother and almost as well-known. In fact,
Chandler is really involved with the media aspect of Pierce Industries, and
there’s a fairly good chance he’s here tonight.
So when Mr. Shockingly Irritating opens his mouth to say
something that will likely pin me further in my grave, I grab my purse and
stand. “Actually, I think I’m at the wrong table.”
As fast as I can, I head out of the ballroom, just as the
first presenter takes the stage. The round of applause that bursts as I open
the door couldn’t have been better scripted. I escaped. I deserve the acclaim. 
But then I hear my name called out from across the lobby.
“Simone.”
Karma must have finally caught up with me because when I
lock eyes on the person who spoke, it’s none other than my boss, Donovan
Kincaid.




Chapter Two
Here’s the thing—will Donovan fire me for using his
discarded invites without his permission? No. 
Will he reprimand me? Also, no. 
Will he take advantage of my desire to attend these
functions and put me to work at future events? No, probably not.
In fact, he’d probably pat me on the back while giving me
one of his infamous smirks and tell me how to get a hold of his partners’
discarded invites as well. Donovan and I are two of a kind like that, which is
the real reason he keeps me around, not my awesome PA skills. It’s not always
easy to find company while walking semi-ethical lines.
But this is my thing. My thing that has nothing at
all to do with who I am during office hours. It’s personal and private and sort
of embarrassing, when I think about admitting it out loud, because it’s not
just about getting free food. Hell’s Kitchen apartments take a fair amount of
my salary, but Donovan pays well. I can afford to go out. 
I just don’t really want to go eat solo in expensive
restaurants. 
People stare and whisper. Not that I care what they think,
but it’s distracting. It’s much easier to be a solo at a business function.
Maybe my plus one is involved in the actual event. Maybe they canceled, last
minute. Maybe I’m there purely because of work, and no one whispers or stares
or judges, and waiters don’t give me pitying comments, and strange men don’t
(usually) take it as an opportunity to hit on me.
It’s a perfect hobby, as far as I’m concerned, and I’ll be
damned if it’s taken away because of the hazel-eyed assface who sat at my
table, who is the sole reason I’m out in the lobby at the same time Donovan is.
I have half a mind to turn around and go tear that
too-hot-for-his-own-good fucker to shreds, and I would if my boss wasn’t
looking at me like I’m a lifeline.
I quickly try to make up a backstory. “Uh, Donovan…I’m…” Try
and fail. “Hi. You’re here.”
He waves to a security guard then points at me, which…okay.
Maybe I was wrong thinking he wouldn’t be mad. He really doesn’t have to go so
far as to bring security in.
But though the guard is eyeing us, he doesn’t make a move,
letting Donovan approach me. 
“Hey, I’m looking for Sabrina. Do you…?” Donovan trails off,
and I can see that I misjudged the situation, because it’s just now that his
expression becomes suspicious. “What are you doing here? Did you use my
ticket?”
“No!” The denial was too obvious, but I’ve chosen my path.
Now I have to walk it. “No. Of course I didn’t do that. I just. I’m, um, here—”
Suddenly, an arm slips around my waist. “She’s here with me.
It’s okay, Simone. We don’t have to keep it a secret.”
I look up to see it’s none-other-than the antagonizing prick
from the ballroom, and I’m both shocked and…aroused? 
I mean, I’m not into being rescued. By anyone. Ever. 
Especially not by strangers that I want to punch in the
face. But his hand feels warm around my body, and there’s definitely some
action happening in my lower parts. Even as it occurs to me that this rescue
will most likely come at a cost. A steep cost, I’m betting.
And godfuckingdammit, he heard Donovan say my name. He’s
going to use it like a weapon, now. I know it.
It takes Donovan only two seconds to size him up. “You’re a
Sebastian.”
“Steele,” he says, offering his free hand to Donovan. “And
you are?”
Oh, shit. An actual Sebastian, not just someone who works
for the company. No wonder he’s so arrogant. 
Though, his elitist tone makes my insides turn to jelly.
I’ve always known my place on the hierarchy, which is below anyone with the
name Kincaid. With a Sebastian’s arm around me, I’m automatically moved up the
ladder to a position at least equal to, if not higher than, the man in front of
me.
Donovan doesn’t seem to like it one bit. 
He takes the offered hand and narrows his eyes with
irritation, presumably because he has to announce his name. “Donovan Kincaid.”
If I know him at all—and I do—I’m sure he’s squeezing Steele’s
hand extra hard.
Fun as it is to be wrapped up in this pissing contest, I
know where my loyalty lies. “That’s my boss, Steele. Honey.” I add the final
word last minute, cringing at how awkward it feels in my mouth. “Be nice.”
“Ah, right. Your boss. At that advertising agency you work
at.” 
“Uh-huh.” I try to smile, but it’s forced because I’ve
obviously made a big error in judgment. As soon as Mr. Arrogant—Steele, I
guess—put his arm around me, I should have given up the ghost and confessed to
Donovan. 
Now, I’m on the wrong side of a billionaire battle. Steele
is smooth, and apparently at least knows of Donovan, by name, if not
by face, and all of that makes me nervous. What will he expect in exchange for
this favor? If I’m going to be swimming with sharks, I’d much rather be with
the shark I know.
Wouldn’t I?
Before I can doubt myself to the point of confession,
Donovan switches gears. “Yeah, yeah, nice meeting you. Hey, Simone, I left my
ticket at the office, and I can’t get inside without it.”
I don’t feel guilty, exactly. It’s his fault for telling me
to decline his RSVP. “If I’d known you were—”
He cuts me off. “I wasn’t planning on coming, Just something
came up, and I need to talk to Sabrina, but this fine lady”—he smiles toward
the host who is watching us from the check-in desk—“won’t let me in without a
ticket.”
As if to prove her point, she calls out. “Still can’t let
you in.”
“You need me to get you in?” Steele offers, as if he’s
better at pulling strings than Donovan Kincaid.
Okay, maybe he is, and if so then…hot. (Sigh). 
“No,” Donovan says sharply. “Thank you. I just need Simone
to try to find her for me, have her come out for a second.”
Something is wrong. 
I should have sensed it immediately, but I was too
distracted by…well, things that shouldn’t have distracted me. Donovan doesn’t
show up at events like this, spur-of-the-moment. He doesn’t drop subjects when
he has a bone to pick. He doesn’t speak with the sense of urgency that I hear
now in his tone. 
He’s obsessed with his wife, Sabrina, but he doesn’t bring
me into dealing with her. Something’s up. “An emergency?” 
“Not an emergency. But important. And urgent. But not
anything to worry about. Make sure she’s not worried.” 
Yeah, definitely an emergency.
“Uh, sure.” I look toward Steele, as though he might be
helpful, who knows why. “I’m not sure where the presenters are seated…”
“In the front, sweetie.” The endearment rolls off his tongue
easier than it did mine, sending goosebumps down my arms. “Do you want me to
come with you?”
 “No.” If this really
is urgent, I don’t need more of his distraction. “I’ve got it.”
It’s not until I’m halfway to the ballroom that I realize I
chose wrong, again. What was I thinking, leaving Steele with my boss? If he’s
not ratting me out, he’s probably gathering more information from Donovan to
use against me. Thankfully, Donovan is usually good at picking up on other
sharks, but he’s obviously off tonight. Something’s up. Something with Sabrina.
That’s what I should be thinking about as I head toward the
faux stage, not Steele. I should be focused on whatever has my boss in a
tailspin. Admittedly, I’m not that fond of his wife—she pulls a lot of
Donovan’s attention and always demands special treatment. “Interrupt Donovan
from his meeting, please” kind of special treatment. Or “I don’t care if he has
a full schedule, I need to see him in my office.” It’s so annoying having
lovers in the same office. I have to keep track of her schedule as well as his,
think of her time as well as his. It’s like pulling double duty.
Like right now. I’m looking for Sabrina when I should be
bickering with the arrogant Sebastian in the Brioni suit who looks at me like
he might eat me up and makes me feel like I actually might like it.
Fortunately, the stage manager isn’t too hard to find.
“Pardon me. I work with Sabrina Lind—I mean, Kincaid—and I need to get her a
message. Do you know where I can find her?”
The woman seems annoyed at the intrusion until she hears
Sabrina’s name. “She was here. Checked in and everything, but then she
left to go to the bathroom or something, and when she came back, she grabbed
her purse and rushed out. Before presenting her award.”
“Oh, fuck.” That’s not like goody-goody Sabrina at all. “She
didn’t tell anyone where she was going?”
The stage manager shrugs. “Sorry. Hope nothing’s wrong, but
I gotta get back to—” She nods toward the stage.
“Of course. Thank you.”
I double my walking speed back to Donovan, and I’m
breathless when I’m back in the lobby, noting with dismay that Steele is still
there, and that whatever they were talking about has left Donovan somewhat
heated.
Why do I have the sinking feeling that it has to do with me?
Remembering my priorities, I concentrate on delivering the
news. “She’s not here.” 
Donovan’s whole body tenses up. “What do you mean she’s not
here?”
“I don’t know. I talked to the stage manager. Said she was
here but she left. Rushed out, actually. Before the award she was supposed to
present.”
He’s concerned, and that makes me concerned. 
I’m sure he’s thought of this already, but… “You tried to
call her?”
His phone is already in his hand. Before he dials, the phone
rings. He checks the caller ID before answering. “What happened? Where is she?”
Their driver, Danny, I’m guessing. 
I lean in, trying to hear the response. The voice sounds
like it’s Danny, and while I can’t make out everything, I think I hear
something about an emergency room.
“Don’t leave her side. I’m on my way.” When he hangs up, he
gives me the bare minimum of details. “New York Presbyterian. I need you to…” He’s
already walking toward the elevator, so I trot to keep up with his long strides
while he tries to articulate what he needs.
I try to guess. “Do you have a ride?” 
“I drove.”
I’d offer to drive if I knew how, but I’ve always lived in
walking friendly cities and never bothered with a license. “I could call you a
cab if you’d rather.”
“I’ll be faster.”
“I’ll let the guys know.”
“Yes. And Roxie. Have her cancel her, um…” He pushes the
elevator call button. When it doesn’t open immediately, he presses it several
more times in succession. “Have her…” 
It’s freaky to see my totally-cool-as-a-cucumber boss so
rattled. “I’ll have Roxie clear Sabrina’s schedule for tomorrow. I’ll get yours
cleared too.”
He nods. The elevator opens, and he rushes in, pushing the
parking garage button with as much demand as he did the down button. 
“Call me if you need anything else,” I say as the door
shuts. 
I’ll do what I can, even if he doesn’t call. I’m as
dependent on my cell as anyone else, but I prefer the tactile feel of a writing
instrument in hand so I carry a notepad and pen with me at all times. Spotting
a bench along the wall, I pull them both from my purse and head over to it so I
can sit and get organized.
After sending a text to Nate and Roxie, I start a to-do
list.
1. Call Danny for more info
2. Order dinner for Donovan and Sabrina if they’re going to
be home tonight
3. Order flowers to be sent to home or hospital 
I pause my writing when I feel a presence looming over me. A
very manly, dominating, arrogant presence.
A quick glance up, and sure enough, Steele Sebastian is
standing there, hands crossed over his chest, his eyes pinned on me, as though
waiting for something.
I get it. He rescued me once. He thinks I need rescuing again.
As if I don’t know how to handle an emergency. “I’m good.”
“Except that you owe me.”
For fuck’s sake, seriously? I’d assumed he’d play
this game, but can’t he see that I’m busy doing very important assistant
things? “I don’t have time for you.”
I go back to my list, but find it hard to concentrate. What
was the other thing I need to do?
“That’s not how this works.” Steele continues to loom.
What I need to do is finish this list elsewhere. 
“Not how what works? Your privileged life where
everyone falls over themselves to please you?” I throw the pen and pad in my
purse, then stand. “You might not have ever heard this before, but I have more
important things to deal with.”
I start toward the elevator, but his voice follows me like a
dog with a scent. “That’s not how blackmail works.” He waits until I turn back
to glare before adding, “Simone.”
Shit.
My name sounds obscene in his mouth, and paired with the
predatory look in his eyes, my knees can barely hold me up. See? Using it like
a weapon.
I reach out to the wall, trying to remember words and how
they work and what I wanted to say in response.
Ah, yes. “Blackmail? You don’t have anything on me.”
Somewhat recovered, I resume making my exit. 
This time, he follows with more than just his voice. “I do,
though. First, I prevented you from having to admit to your boss that you are
here with his ticket.”
Without turning around, I shake my head, dismissively. If
Donovan finds out, he finds out.
“Second, I now know that Kincaid is in the midst of an
emergency, something he likely doesn’t want revealed to the media before he’s
ready.”
I whirl around to face him. “You wouldn’t.” Tattling like
that about others in the fold is against the billionaire code of conduct, isn’t
it? 
Though, the man’s family does own a huge news network and
several media outlets…
He shrugs. “I might. The point is, you don’t know.”
This feels like a repeat of the conversation we had when I’d
been choking. It has nowhere to go but round and round, and like I said before,
I don’t have time. 
Before I can turn away a third time, he continues. “Third,
you don’t know what Donovan and I talked about while you were gone.”
Okay, he’s got me there. Really got me. He proved he was
smooth, and that means that, under the guise of being my boyfriend, he could
have lured all sorts of information out of my boss.
But Donovan wouldn’t have said anything too terrible. Right?

Right??
“You’re bluffing.” I finish my trek to the elevator, feeling
him hot on my heels. 
“You don’t know that I’m bluffing.”
“Well, I don’t care.” I hit the down button.
His arm stretches above me to lean on the wall above the
call panel, which is…whoa. Sexy. “Now who’s bluffing?”
“I’m.” I have to clear my throat. “I’m not bluffing.” I
can’t even remember what I’m supposedly bluffing about. All I can think about
is how slick my thighs suddenly are, and wondering when I can work self-care
into my night’s agenda.
“You, Simone, are a bad, bad liar.” God, he’s such a villain.
In the yummiest way.
Fuck. I don’t have time for this!
I push the button again, repeatedly. When the elevator
opens, I’m surprised by the cart full of desserts that rolls out, and I step
aside, stupidly bumping into Steele when I do.
My body shivers at the sudden touch, and once more, my knees
buckle. This time, he’s the one who steadies me. He leans in closer. “Admit it,
Simone.”
I’m not admitting anything. Certainly not how badly I want
to lift my chin and angle my mouth toward his. 
I close my eyes, searching for something to anchor me.
Something to keep me focused and on task.
Wait…was that cart really full of desserts? 
I peek around Steele’s body at the cart. It’s only a couple
of feet away—the man who pushed it out, having abandoned it for the time being
to flirt with the check-in lady. It gives me a chance to examine it and see
that, yes, indeed, it’s a cart full of desserts.
 I hadn’t even noticed
dinner was served.
I missed the damn steak tartare, and it’s no one’s fault but
Steele’s. 
Anger gives me the force to step away from his magnetic
pull. “You rescued me, but you also” — I put up a demonstrative finger — “let
me choke.” Another finger. “Made me get cut by a rose thorn.” Another finger.
“And made me miss my dinner.” I drop my hand. “I owe you nothing.”
Without waiting for his reply, I cross to the cart and swipe
a dessert. It’s not really swiping since I was supposed to get one anyway,
though I wasn’t supposed to keep the bowl.
C’est la vie.
I catch the elevator just before the doors close. Steele is
still standing there, watching, a curious smirk on his face. 
 I lift the bowl. “I
guess you have this on me now too. Still pretty sure I come out ahead.” I push
the button for the first floor, and when the doors close and the elevator takes
me away from the handsome devil, I feel triumphant.
For all of two seconds.
After which I start to feel the tug of regret. Maybe I
should have played along. It won’t take me long to do what I need to do for
Donovan, and what will I do with the rest of my evening then? I could have made
time to “owe” a hot, arrogant billionaire.
Whatever. I hate people. 
I have what I truly need to be happy—saffron crème brûlée.




Chapter Three
God, I hate Tuesdays.
Everyone’s usually hating on Mondays, but there’s always so
much to do, who has time for hate? The day goes by in a snap. Yesterday went
particularly fast knowing I had the award dinner that night.
Little did I know…
But Tuesdays drag on and on. Especially when the boss is out
for who knows how long with a family emergency. I had his whole day rescheduled
by nine am. At nine-thirty, he checked in with a phone call saying Sabrina was
fine, but they’d both be out for at least the rest of the week.
Donovan rarely likes to show any of his cards, but I tried
to peek anyway. “Are you going to tell me what the emergency is?” 
“Are you going to tell me what you were doing with Steele
Sebastian?”
“Are you going to tell me what he said to you while I was
gone?”
“Are you going to tell me why you’re concerned about what he
might have said?” 
Obviously, I had no choice but to fold. “Personal emergency
it is. Call if you need me to rework next week too.” 
I got the rest of the week rescheduled by eleven.
After an early (and long) lunch, I’ve cleared most of my
to-do list, and now the clock says it’s only two-fifteen.
What am I supposed to do to fill three more hours? 
Yeah, yeah, there’s always things to work on, but without
Donovan here to glare at me whenever I think of opening a gossip site on my
computer—I swear he always knows—I don’t have any motivation to find more to be
done. Every time I even try to devote myself to a task, I find my mind
wandering to Steele Sebastian and his…his…his everything. 
Next thing I know, I’m hating the universe for making hot
unattainable men and dropping them in my pathway and then giving me so much
time to daydream about their eyes and their mouths and their big, big hands…
At two forty, I do an online search and find way too many
pictures of the billionaire with way too pretty women on his arm.
At two forty-six, I erase my Google history, because Donovan
probably looks at that shit.
At two forty-seven, I repeat the search on my cell phone. I
save a couple of the best shots to my favorites folder.
At two fifty-five, I order a new cord for my rechargeable
battery.
At two fifty-six, I start to feel ridiculous, so at two
fifty-seven, I give up any pretense of working, pop me some low sodium popcorn,
and take my curvy ass into Donovan’s office so I can watch daytime TV on his
couch. With a press of the button that makes his clear glass wall opaque, no
one else in the office can see that I’m not working. Not that anyone comes down
to this side of the floor when Donovan’s gone. It’s practically a ghost town.
My favorite kind of working environment.
Suddenly, Tuesday isn’t feeling quite so revolting.
“Does your boss know this is how you spend his time?”
The unexpected voice jolts me from Dr. Phil’s interview with
a woman who claims she’s married to Jesus, and I spill popcorn all over the
sofa. Instinctually, I jump to clean it up and plead my defense, when I realize
who the voice belongs to. 
Steele fucking Sebastian.
I ignore the trip of my traitor heart—I’m having words with
her later—and put on my best bored expression. “Does your boss know
how you spend his time?”
He leans against the doorway like he owns it. “I’m my own
boss.”
“Funny. That’s not what the internet says.” Apparently, my
earlier online stalking was useful for more than just gathering inspirational
me-time pics. It turns out that Steele Sebastian, billionaire that he may be,
isn’t the top of the food chain at SNC. He reports to his older brother, Holt.
“If I had to report to my sibling, I think I’d just kill myself and get it over
with.”
The remark doesn’t land how I intend because he returns it
with a smug smile. “You Googled me?”
Dammit. I’m usually better than rookie moves like that.
Fortunately, I know how to recover. “I find it’s best to
know your enemy.”
“I do too. We’re talking biblical sense, right?”
The turn in the conversation catches me off-guard, and I’m
left speechless. Also, my nipples are at full mast, if you catch my drift.
I fold my arms over my chest before he gets the idea that
I’m into getting dirty with him. I mean, it’s not off the table, but I’m
definitely annoyed. “Why are you here, Mr. Sebastian?”
“So formal. Does this mean I should be referring to you as
Ms. Lima?” He drops my last name as though I’ll be surprised he knows it.
“Not impressive when it’s literally on the nameplate on the
desk behind you.”
“I didn’t see the nameplate.” He steps into the office,
closing the door behind him, which sends my pulse into rapid-fire mode. 
Rightfully so, because I’m now in close quarters with a
stranger, and that’s supposed to be alarming. Though, I think my heart is more
excited than scared, and I’m not sure what to do with that except internally
freak out while he surveys the office, checking out the view, and inspecting
Donovan’s items like he’s silently appraising their value.
“Could you put that—” I start when he picks up a framed
picture of Sabrina but cut myself off when I realize he’s enjoying needling me.
I manage to keep my mouth closed while he continues his assessment, until he
opens Donovan’s prized possession—his cigar box.
I rush to take it from him and return it to its place on the
shelf. “If you don’t want to tell me what you’re here for, I can always call
security.”
“You don’t need to call anyone.” He leans/sits on the back
of the sofa, and stares at me. His full attention is like an unexpected bright
light, and I have to blink several times before I can meet his gaze. 
“So…”
“I came to collect.”
I want to roll my eyes, but now that I’m looking at him,
it’s hard to stop looking at him and the gesture probably looks more like I
have dirt in my contact than an eyeroll. “I think I already explained that—”
He cuts me off. “You gave me a list of reasons why you think
we’re even. Now I’m going to give you a list of reasons why I think we’re not.
One—you were never choking. Two—you spilled the roses. Three—you might have
missed dinner, but you still got the best part. Four—your boss gave me his cell
number, and I could text him right now to tell him not only that you used his
ticket last night, but that you’ve also spent your whole day watching soaps in
his office.”
“Not the whole day,” I say, meekly. 
Then realizing that wasn’t the best answer, I try again.
“Talk shows, not soaps.”
Wait. That wasn’t any better. 
Focusing on the part of his statement that is surely a
blatant lie, I try once more. “Donovan didn’t give you his number.”
He shrugs. “Maybe not. Maybe I got it from my brother then.”
Fucknugget. He might be telling the truth this
time. There’s really no way to know. 
The thing is, if Donovan finds out either of the things that
Steele is hanging over my head, no big deal. 
The other thing is I’m pretty sure Steele knows that. He’s
proven himself too capable. There’s no way he doesn’t have this figured out.
In other words, this is a no stakes game we’re playing. I
have nothing to lose except my pride. Which is significant, but worth gambling
with. Considering how boring my day was until he showed up, I’m already ahead.
Might as well hear his appeal. “What would make us even?”
“Not much. Nothing too painful.”
“Stop dragging it out and just tell me what you want.”
He stands and crosses toward me, caging me against the
bookcase so that I have nowhere to go when he leans down to speak softly at my
ear. “Oh, there’s an awful lot I want, Simone.”
My stomach flips at the rasp of his voice.
“But for us to be even? I need to spank you.” 




Chapter Four
“You want to…spank me?” It’s embarrassing how damp my
panties are from the thought. 
I swear he knows, too, because his lip curled up in a smirk that
definitely says I know all your secrets, Simone Lima. I know them, and by
God I’m going to use every last one of them against you.
Of course, I sort of believe everyone feels that way, which
is only one of the long lists of reasons I’m a people hater.
“You heard me.” 
“Here? Now?”
“Since I don’t trust that you’ll show up to any other
arranged meeting place or time, yes. Here. Now.” It’s like he already knows me.
I’m trying to picture it—me, bent over Donovan’s desk.
“Spank me like I’m a five-year-old caught with her hand in the cookie jar?”
“More like spank you like you’re a grown woman, with my
hand in the cookie jar.” Oh my wow. “If that’s where spanking leads.”
Where else does spanking lead?
Which means this isn’t a conversation about spanking. This is
a conversation about getting kinky. 
Get kinky with a hot billionaire with smoldering eyes?
Generally, I’m all for that.
But, but, but…
Warning bells sound in my head for no discernable reason.
I’m still trapped between him and the bookcase, though, which turns out to be a
very bad thinking spot. Bad reception to the neurons or something like that. 
So I slip out from under his arm and don’t stop until I’m a
couple of yards away in clear-thinking territory.
Ha ha. There’s no clear-thinking territory when Steele’s in
sight, because as soon as I turn to look at him, my knees start to give, and I
nearly bend myself over and lift my skirt right then and there. 
And now I have another question. “Are you thinking over the
panties, or…?”
“Is it even a spanking if it’s not skin to skin?”
Yep, yep. I’ve definitely lost all thought capability. All
the blood has rushed to my cookie jar and my head can’t possibly reason. 
I try to make a mental Why I Shouldn’t Allow This list,
anyway:
1.
“You’re thinking too hard.” Just the opposite, Steele,
darling. There is no thinking inside this brain. “There’s nothing to
consider. It’s not a question.”
I blink. “Not a question?” 
“You owe me, and I’ve come to collect. This spanking will
happen, regardless of what excuse that gorgeous head of yours comes up with. As
a courtesy, I’ll give you another ten seconds to get used to the idea, and
then, ready or not, I’m coming for you.”
Well, damn. 
“One,” he says, and I take a step back, my heart beating so
fast I feel it in my throat. “Two.” Another step back, and I bump against
Donovan’s desk. “Three.”
“There are cameras in here!” 
“Better not give anyone a reason to have to review them, then.
Four.”
“You recognize this entire situation is inappropriate and
could warrant investigation, don’t you?” Oh my god, it’s like I’m trying to
stop him. 
“Five.”
Apparently, he’s not afraid of consequences. Why would he
be? His family probably owns the law.
“Six.” He takes his first step toward me, and I scurry to
the opposite side of the room. 
It shouldn’t come as a surprise when he smiles. As if he’s
looking forward to a chase. “Seven.” 
And now my palms are as wet as my panties. 
Seriously, I’m both thrilled and terrified. Ridiculous, I
know. There’s no real reason to be scared. All I have to do is scream or pick
up Donovan’s phone, and someone will come running. 
But I want this. So I haven’t done those things.
Yet, I’m still daunted.
This time when he moves, he’s between me and the door.
“Eight.” 
In full disclosure, I’m generally the one who comes on
strong. If I want to fuck someone, I make it happen. If I want to be spanked, I
tell the guy (or girl; okay, that was mostly in college, aka my experimental
years) how many strikes and just how hard. I’m the one behind the driver’s
wheel. I’m the one who chases or, when I’m in the mood, I’m the one who decides
to be chased.
“Nine.”
This is new ground for me. I’m not sure how to…
“Ten.” 
I fake in one direction, then dart in the other, but I’m no
match for his speed. In a flash, he has his arm around me.
I yelp as he hoists me over his shoulder. Two steps later,
he’s seated on the couch with me strewn across his lap, ass in the air, and oh,
yes. This is a much better position than I imagined. Especially when he
strokes his hand over my silk black hair and down my spine. 
I shiver and goosebumps grow along my flesh. 
He brings his other hand to cuff around my neck, and I
almost moan. 
“All good?” 
What a silly question. My nipples are sharp enough to cut
through the fabric of my blouse, and I’m so turned on I’m about to start
hyperventilating. How could I possibly be all good? “Just get on with it.”
Even though I can’t see him, I sense the smirk on his face as
he flips up my skirt to expose my panties. Every muscle in my body tenses as I
momentarily freak out about which pair I put on this morning. I relax when I
remember that I found a satin black pair in the back of my drawer so I didn’t
have to wear the splotchy laundry day ones that I almost put on.
I might have to start going to church if God keeps stepping
in like this to help a girl out. 
Steele’s fingers curl around the waistband of the
aforementioned satin black underwear. “Lift your hips.” 
I do. With a growl. Mad more at myself than him for giving
into this scheme so easily.
With one hand—the other is still cuffed tightly at my
neck—he shimmies the panties down until they’re just below my ass leaving my
pussy bare against his thigh. “Very nice,” he says, and I purr.
For real, I don’t understand the sound that is bubbling in
my throat. Like a legit purr.
I cough in an attempt to hide it, forgetting that didn’t go
so well for me last time.
“Choking again?” He sweeps his hand across my bare skin, and
stop myself just before I purr again. 
“I was trying to hide my snoring. Snoozefest here, Steele.
Are you doing this or what?”
His chuckle reverberates through his body and lights my
nervous system on fire. Why does he have to be so infuriatingly sexy? I desperately
want to “squirm” so that my clit can find some friction, but I won’t give him
the satisfaction of knowing how needy I am. 
And I am so very, very needy.
“You’ll take three,” he says.
“Three?” I start to twist toward him to see if he’s
out of his mind, but his hand at my neck holds me in place. “Three isn’t a
punishment.” It’s foreplay.
“Any more, and I’m afraid you’ll get a wet spot on my suit.
It’s Brioni.” 
“Fuck you, with your billionaire Brioni.” It appears I now
have a favorite designer. “I’m not the one whose jizz you need to worry about.”
I already feel stirrings beneath me that indicate a rather well endowment in
his pants.
And wasn’t that the point of this whole encounter?
Preferably, we both jizz.
“Doubt it.” 
“Are you playing a different game than I—” The first strike
comes without warning, cutting me off sharply. “What the fucking—” 
Before I can manage the string of curse words poised at the
tip of my tongue, Steele rubs the sting away with the same palm that delivered
the blow. “Oh. Ohhhh.”
Maybe I will be the one who comes first.
Steele’s voice breaks through my euphoric haze. “One.” 
“One, what?” Oh, right. “One, one. I got it. I can count,
you asshole.”
Again, that laugh. Again, my nervous system is lit up. 
Refusing to give in and let my body seek relief, I force
myself to concentrate on inspecting the wear of the leather, making a mental
note to look at getting the couch reupholstered. 
After a deep breath and several swirls of his palm across my
skin, I’m practically a new woman. “Is that all you—?”
The second smack is harder than the first, and just as
unexpected. “Are you kidding me?” Water pricks the corner of my eyes. My pussy
cries as well. 
I hope I’ve ruined his precious Brioni.
“Feeling it now, are you?” His hand is already back, already
smoothing away the sting.
“Feeling what? Did you do something?” I’m a glutton. 
“Cute,” he says. “Two.”
“Two,” I repeat. Already it’s almost over, and I’m both
afraid I won’t be able to sit the rest of the day and worried that one more
won’t be enough.
On the other hand, the endowment beneath me has grown in
size, and if I bite back my pride and sacrifice one more purr—and maybe a
little bit of squirming—there’s a real good chance he might leak as well.
“Is it too much? Should I stop?” 
“No!” Dammit. Too desperate. “Unless you think you can’t
handle it.” I buck my hips grazing my pussy against his thick ridge in an
attempt to rile him but end up having to swallow a whimper.
“I’m not put out in the least.” 
“Then by all means, go—”
He’s a master at catching me unaware. The third strike burns
hottest, and this time when he soothes it with his palm, he presses hard enough
into my skin that my pelvis rocks against that steel rod of his and there is
absolutely no way that I can suppress the jagged moan that spills, long and
drawn out, from my throat.
“Three,” he says.
Three, and I am defeated. Three measly slaps, and I’m a wet
puddle of mush, in urgent need of an orgasm.
But now that I’ve lost, I can admit it and get to the good
stuff. I know when surrender is the only way to get what I want, and what I
want now is for that brutal hand to make its way into the cookie jar, as
promised, and—
Before the thought is finished, I’m thrown off Steele’s lap
as he stands. 
I peer at him from the floor. “What was that?”
“That was three. You’re done.” He brushes his hand down his
thigh, casually inspecting the fabric as though there isn’t a bulge between his
legs. “A wet spot. I knew you couldn’t take it.” 
He’s entirely too smug.
And he’s entirely too walking away. “You’re leaving?”
Without even offering to help me up from the floor?
He gives a purposefully blank look. “We’re finished here. I
can’t think of any reason to stay.”
So this is the game. Am I supposed to beg now? Or did he
come here wanting to turn me on just so he could leave me with a blue clit and
still several hours to go before I have access to my vibrator?
What could he possibly gain from that?
Whatever his motive, I’m not going to beg.
I make my way to my feet, as smoothly as possible, and pull
up my panties like a big girl. “Honestly, I’d thought you’d already gone.” I
pretend to yawn. 
“As long as we’re on the same page then.” With that, he
opens the door and leaves.
He leaves.
Really leaves.
I rush to the doorway and call after him. “I bet you leave
all the women you’re with unsatisfied.” 
Steele acts like he didn’t hear me. Dina, from accounting,
on the other hand, gives me a stern look. 
Oh, like you don’t get it, Dina. That woman has a
face that says she hasn’t been satisfied in years.
I’m still reeling about Steele and his abrupt departure and
the intense buzz between my thighs, when the phone rings, reminding me that I’m
actually supposed to be on the clock. 
I stomp over to my desk to answer it with a sharp, “Donovan
Kincaid’s office.”
“Holt Sebastian. Can you put him on the line?” Steele walks
out and his brother calls right after. Is that a coincidence? Maybe Steele is
trying to get to my boss through me. I know Donovan has met with Holt but he’s
also avoided a lot of his calls.
Whatever the ploy, it gives me intense satisfaction to be
able to say that Donovan is unavailable. See? A girl wants to be pleased, she
has to do the work herself.
“Yes, my brother said he was out for a family emergency. I
thought I’d follow up.”
“Well, he’s not here. But speaking of your brother…” I start
to sit in my desk chair, only to remember my ass has been assaulted, and I
quickly stand again. “Do you know how I can get in touch with him?” 
Whether or not this will play out in a way that’s beneficial
to me, I don’t know. Worth a shot anyway.
“Steele?” Holt sounds surprised that I’d ask, but not
surprised enough to withhold information. He’s trying to win Donovan over,
after all. “I can get you a line to his assistant, but he’s not available
today. He’s filling in for me at a conference in Boston.”
“Oh, really?” Ignoring my ass pain, I sit down and pick up a
pen so I can take notes because Mama just hit the jackpot.




Chapter Five
The way to a PA’s heart is not, as many think, food—it’s
information. 
A fifteen-minute tutorial on automating email responses is
all it takes before Claudette, Steele’s (rather young but competent) assistant
agrees to slip me into his eleven AM time slot on Wednesday (hump day) morning.

Playing to my strengths, I walk brazenly in his office
without knocking, wearing a skirt that shows off my legs, yet isn’t too tight
to be easily moved out of the way. I purposefully shut the door behind me loud
enough to draw attention, but devil that he is, he types for several seconds
before he looks up.
And then it’s just a glance. “You might lock it, too.” 
He goes back to typing, and I stand frozen for a beat,
teetering between my options. Locking the door means potentially more fun to be
had. It also means following his orders, and I’m here on my terms not his.
I leave the door unlocked. “Aren’t you going to ask why I’m
here?”
He types a few more words, then pushes his keyboard aside,
seeming to give me his full attention. “I presume you’re here because you can’t
get enough of me.”
“That ego again.” He’s not wrong, but I’m not admitting it
flat out. 
He studies me, from head to toe, his eyes darkening when he
reaches my legs, and I take that as a point. “Aren’t you supposed to be on the
clock?”  
“Took a personal day.” Pretending not to notice how keenly
he’s scrutinizing me, I survey the office, moseying past his desk as I do to
look out the windows. It’s a nice office. A decent size with a notable view.
“Donovan will be pleased to know his is bigger.”
“Are you sure? Maybe we should measure.” 
I flip my head back toward him. “Your ruler or mine?”
“Definitely mine.”
I’m not even sure what we’re talking about anymore, but
there’s absolutely innuendo. The tension is so thick, it could be served on a
platter. Then he runs his teeth along his lower lip, and I know I have him.
“Ask me why I’m here, Steele.”
“Why are you here, Simone?”
A shiver runs through me. Apparently, I’m a switch, because
as much as I adored him bossing me around yesterday, I still love when a man
does what I say. 
I slink toward him and cock my hip against his desk. “You
weren’t where you were supposed to be yesterday, were you? Your brother called.
Said you were supposed to be attending a conference for him when you were
harassing me.”
A single brow lifts. “Oh, really?” He sounds more intrigued
than concerned, but I can work with that.
“No need to worry. I covered for you. But you know what that
means.”
“That my brother doesn’t know how to best use my time?”
I resist a grin. “That you owe me.”
“Ah. I owe you.” He swivels his chair to face me completely.
“You’re here to collect, I suppose. What, pray tell, do you need to even the
score? I don’t imagine that you want to spank me.”
The thought had crossed my mind. 
Several times, actually.
His clothes suggest a firm ass, and I’d love to have my hand
on it. Would love to see if there’s any flesh to squeeze. Would love to lick my
thumb and work it inside him. Wouldn’t it be something if I were the first?
It sounds divine, but I have other ideas to settle this
debt. 
Boldly, I climb onto his lap, straddling my knees on either
side of his hips. “I need you to spank me.”
Finally, I’ve surprised him. I’ll take that as two points,
though I’ve long lost track of the score. 
“But this time” —I draw his tie through my fingers, pulling
when I get to the end— “you need to fulfill the promise of dipping into the
cookie jar.”
His eyes spark. Without looking away from me, he reaches
over to the desk beside him and hits the intercom. “Claudette, please make sure
I’m not disturbed for the next ten minutes.”
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian,” she says, and I almost get jealous
thinking of how many times in a day she gets to say that. Yes, Mr.
Sebastian. Whatever you say, Mr. Sebastian.
He replies with a thank you (which earns him extra credit in
my book because hard-working employees should be treated with decency from
their superiors), and clicks the intercom off. 
“Ten minutes? You’re awfully confident.” Honestly, I could
probably come in two.
Without warning, he spins the chair then lifts me onto his
desk. His hands linger on my hips, burning into my skin through the material of
my skirt. “How about a counter offer?”
He’s not in a place to negotiate. I came in with the
blackmail this time. I’m supposed to be the one in charge. He can’t be
proposing counter offers.
But I’m too curious not to hear him out. Damn, him.
“Go on.”
“How about we skip the spanking.” He trails his palms down
my thighs until they reach the end of my skirt. “And get right to the cookie
jar.” 
He pushes my skirt up, and I’m not going to lie, the
expression he makes when he sees what’s there—or isn’t there, more
accurately—will forever be seared in my memory. It’s the look that someone
wears when they bite into something uniquely delicious. Like saffron crème
brûlée or double nut baklava. I’ve seen the look many a time—worn it many more
times. 
I never thought someone would wear that look when they were
looking at me.
“No panties?” His voice is scratchy. The same way I imagine
his beard will feel between my thighs. “You walked out there in the world like
this?”
Finally, he shows signs that he’s human. I was beginning to
think he only played for the sport and not the prize. “It was a well-kept
secret, I assure you.”
“Mm.” He pushes his hands back up my thighs until his thumbs
graze the edges of my pussy. “I think I forgot what I was saying.”
“You were saying that you’d skip the spanking and go right
to the cookies, which I’m fine with by the way.” I spread my legs to give him
better access to the jar.
“Ah, yes. My counter offer.” He begins to massage my skin
with the pads of his thumbs. Not quite where I’d like them to be massaging, but
near enough to send all my blood to the area and fatten my clit into a hot,
swollen nub. “No spanking, but you have to do something in exchange.”
Of course there’d be a catch. “Do what?”
“You have to list ten reasons why you shouldn’t go out with
me before I make you come.”
The caress of his thumbs is distracting, and I’m finding it
hard to concentrate. But I’m pretty sure the only thing I liked in that sentence
he just said was the part where he said he’d make me come. “Why on earth would
I do that?”
“Because if you do, then we’re even.”
“And if I don’t?” 
“Then you owe me.” He moves inward now,
spreading my lips apart with his fingers then leans forward to blow softly against
my sensitive skin.
It’s maddeningly teasy, and I shudder with annoyed delight.
I’m ready to get to the part where he makes me come and pronto. “Let me get
this straight. I list ten reasons why I shouldn’t go out with you before I
come, and we’re even. If I come before that, I owe you.” Owe him a date, I’m
guessing. The thought makes me all sorts of giddy, which I’d never admit
because gross.
And I come either way. 
Sort of sounds like I win no matter what.
“Are you in?” He sends another stream of air against my
throbbing clit, and fuck, if he keeps this up, I’m going to come entirely too
soon. I mean, the guy really deserves to work for it.
Obviously, I’m in.
Instead of answering, I start counting. “One, I’m out of
your league.”
He lowers his head, but not before I catch his grin. 
Then he attacks the cookie jar in earnest, swirling his
thumb over my clit with varying pressure that is sometimes just right but more
often almost just right, and the man is an expert because that almost just right
is really doing the job at getting me there in a hurry. 
I force myself not to give into the pleasure. “Two. I only
date men who respect women.”
“You don’t think I respect women?”
I level a glare. “You let me choke. Which is reason number
three, by the way.” The last words come out more of a jumble because he’s
suddenly added a finger to the action, tracing my entrance with the tip.
“You weren’t choking.” 
“Four, you argue with everything I say.”
“Then say things that don’t deserve argument.” 
I screw my face up, as much from his statement as from the
pleasure that feels awfully close to cresting. “What do I say that deserves argument?
I’m smart, and I only speak to things I know something about. I’m brash, but
I’m honest. I’m only combative when provoked.”
Asshole has the nerve to laugh.
“What’s funny?”
“Your warped sense of self.” He inserts two fingers inside
me, still teasing with the just right/almost just right pressure on my clit,
and immediately finds the spot inside me that makes me bonkers. 
Letting out a cry, I reach out a hand to his shoulder to
steady myself. 
“Also, you’re about to come.”
“Am not.”
“And you claim to be honest. Liar.” 
“Six—”
“You skipped five.”
“Five, you don’t believe women.” It’s too much—the dance of
his fingers inside and out, plus the unsatiated state that he left me in
yesterday—I’m struggling not to Niagara Falls all over Steele’s desk. 
Honestly, I’m only punishing myself. That was likely his
plan all along. Forcing me to think while he abuses my pussy—he knew it would stifle
the pleasure. As soon as I surrender, I can truly enjoy what he’s doing to me,
and get to go on a date with him where he might even do this to me again.
It’s a pride thing that makes me attempt to go further. I
have to at least show a good fight before giving in. “Six—”
But then he leans his face in and swipes up my slit with his
tongue. Liquid pools around his fingers. “Six?”
“Six, I hate people,” I say in a rush. “And that includes
you.”
“You’re definitely going to hate me now.” He returns to my
pussy, replacing the thumb on my clit with his hot mouth. His dirty, filthy
mouth that, turns out, can do unspeakable things to a woman’s peach. Licking,
biting, sucking—all in deliberate rotation—and yes I hate him very much, and I
proceed to tell him so until my body seizes and my pussy gushes and my eyes
roll back into my head and pleasure lights my nervous system from head to toe
like I’m goddamn Times Square.
Somewhere in the ecstasy of maybe the most amazing orgasm
I’ve ever had, I have the cognizance to realize I’m really going to hate this
prick if he ends up making me not hate him at all.
When I come to—I seriously might have blacked out for a
second there—Steele is licking his finger clean like he’s just had Kansas City
barbeque. 
So hot.
Steele, not the barbeque, though they do a nice job with the
spice, I must say.
“You made a mess of my desk.” He acts unaffected, but a glance
at his bulging crotch says otherwise. “And you didn’t finish the list.”
“I didn’t.” I’m surprised how easily I admit it. Maybe it’s
because my defeat was too obvious or because of my post orgasmic haze. Or maybe
just because it doesn’t feel like a loss considering the terms. “Now I owe you.”
“You do.” He grabs a tissue from the box on his desk and
cleans me up like a gentleman, causing me to rethink number two where I said he
didn’t respect women. 
He finishes his cleaning with a kiss to my pubic bone. When
he stands, he places another kiss on my nose, and my breath stutters. “Why do I
like cleaning up after you so much, Simone Lima?”
I blush, but I play it off with a shrug. “Like I said. I’m
out of your league. You’ll do anything to be near me.” 
It’s said in fun—we both know which of us is top shelf, and
it’s not the one of us who has been freshly fucked—but there’s a part of me
that wants to believe it. I think I even could believe it, if I’m not
careful.
Not wanting to be that girl, the one who gets
obsessed and gaga over one expertly given O, I pull my skirt down and hop off
his desk. “I’ll be on my way now.”
I start past him, but he puts a hand on the desk, his arm
blocking my path. “Not so fast.”
“What?” I didn’t forget that I owe him. Are you kidding me?
I’m already planning how I’ll do my hair and what outfit I’m going to wear and
what pair of panties I won’t be putting on underneath. 
“You know what.” He leans in front of me to grab a pen. He
uncaps it with his mouth (why does that turn my insides to molten lava?), and grabs
my hand. Such a simple gesture, but my heart skips a beat, and my silly little
brain starts singing Here Comes the Bride like he’s about to propose.
Propose, he does not. But he writes an address on the back
of my hand like we’re in seventh grade, and that’s almost just as swoony. “Are
we going steady now?”
He smiles around the cap still in his mouth and waits until
he’s put it back on the pen to speak. “My place. Be there tomorrow at nine
sharp.”
“Nine at night?” He’s not even going to feed me dinner first?
I mentally make that number seven on the list I didn’t finish.
“Nine AM.” He throws the pen on the desk and steps back to
let me pass. 
“Nine in the morning?” A day date. Well, well, well. “I’m
supposed to be at work.”
“Your boss still out?”
I shrug because yes, but I’m not easy.
Okay, I’m not that easy. 
“Take another personal day. You can spend it hating me
instead.” 
“Sure,” I say. “Though I’ll spend it hating you, whether I’m
with you or at the office.”
Fine, Steele was right—I’m definitely a liar.




Chapter Six
I’ve been to Donovan’s place many times. And his parents as
well. It’s not my first time experiencing the world of the richy rich. 
But the Sebastians are a whole other level of rich, and if I
wasn’t aware of it before I exited the elevator into Steele’s spacious
penthouse apartment overlooking Riverside Drive, I am now being educated. The
floor beneath my feet is black marble, the ceiling is brass plated, and the
single piece of furniture in the foyer is a walnut console with what appears to
be a solid gold base. 
Most notably, though, is that I’m greeted by a prim but
gorgeous woman with her hair up in a black pantsuit. Another personal
assistant? A butler? A house manager? What kinds of employees does a bachelor billionaire
with no children need?
The woman introduces herself as Mindy then leads me to a
living/dining/kitchen area with luxury appliances, sleek modern furnishings,
and floor to ceiling windows. “Mr. Sebastian will be with you shortly,” she
says. “I’ll be back in a moment with what you are to wear.”
What I’m to wear?
Is Steele one of those bossy dominant types who controls the
women he dates and tells them how to dress and who to talk to and when to come?
I’m sure that’s supposed to be a red flag, but the idea makes my thighs vibrate
like a hummingbird.
The asshole better have good taste, and he better know I’m
never leaving Donovan. 
I decide I should let him know that sooner rather than
later, and plot how I can introduce that to our relationship as I stare out at
the greenery across the street.
“The view can be distracting.” 
I turn to find Steele dressed in designer slacks, sans tie
and jacket, the top buttons of his crisp white shirt unbuttoned and the sleeves
rolled up. 
No man has a right to look that good disheveled. Talk about
distracting. “I’m not quitting my job for you,” I blurt out, before I can stop
myself.
He only looks mildly thrown by the comment. “Right. You took
a personal day.”
“Yes. So, I’m not usually available on a Thursday morning like
this.”
“Okay.” He waits a beat for me to—I don’t know—clarify my
earlier remark. When I don’t, he goes on. “Anyway. Kitchen’s here,” he says, pointing
out the obvious. “My study is down this hall on the right. Bathroom on the
left. Mindy should be getting you your outfit.”
I’m starting to have a feeling that I’ve missed something.
“About that…Is what I’m wearing not appropriate?”
He scans my terracotta-colored puff sleeve dress—low cut and
high leg, though not so short that my missing panties are an issue—then returns
his gaze to mine. “I prefer my staff to wear less colorful outfits. Keeps
things more orderly. Or did you mean just in general? In general, the dress is
fine enough.” 
I’ve definitely missed something because:
1. This dress is premium date-wear. It’s not, in any
universe, just “fine enough”.
2. “Keeps things more orderly” ...for whom? I’m sensing he
was one of those boys in school who would blame a bad grade on the
“distracting” spaghetti straps worn by the girl seated next to him. In which case,
I’m about to puke.
3. Did he just refer to me as staff?
Much as I hate to admit I’m not anything but on the ball, I
take a step toward him. “Um, just why exactly do you think I’m here?”
He points at me with a way-too-satisfied grin. “You’re here
because you lost.” 
“I lost, and that meant I owed you a…” I quickly play back
the conversation from yesterday, and realize he never actually said this was a
date. He had me list reasons I shouldn’t date him, which led to my assumption
that this was a date, but he never actually said that.
That whole stupid quip about assuming making you an ass
never felt more accurate.
God, I’m stupid. But I think I can salvage this if I just
don’t let him know.
“Oh. Did you assume something else was going on here?” 
…And he already knows.
Already knows because it was likely what he wanted me to
assume. His triumphant expression makes me feral. That fucker is good, I’ll
give him that. And quick. Laying that trap on the fly.
Either I hate him more than anyone I’ve ever hated before,
or I’m starting to fall for the guy. Hard to tell.
“Fine.” It’s as close as I’ll get to admitting anything.
“I’m here. What fucked up chore are you planning to dump on me?”
“Come on. What kind of a guy do you think I am?” The down
and dirty type. That’s what kind. “You’re an experienced personal assistant,
which is exactly what I intend to use you for since my usual personal assistant
is out.”
“Claudette?”
“Claudette’s my PA at the office. Lola is my PA at home.”
For fuck’s sake. How many assistants does this guy have?
“Mindy isn’t your home PA?”
“She’s my house manager. Totally separate tasks. Anyway,
point being, Lola is out getting a boob job, so my home office has gotten out
of hand. I thought you could help get it all cleaned up.”
Any time a man shows respect for my organizational skills,
they’ve won my devotion. Seriously, it’s a wonder that I don’t get on my knees
right now. Though, with all the attractive women around, Steele might get that
sort of appreciation on the regular.
I try to pretend that it doesn't make me jealous. “At least
it’s good to know you pay your employees enough to afford cosmetic work.”
He laughs. “Lola’s boob job? Don’t be ridiculous. I’m paying
for it.”
Yeah, he definitely has an interesting relationship with his
staff.
Before I can ask more questions that I probably don’t want
to know the answer to, Mindy arrives with my “outfit”. She hands it over in a
sealed plastic bag, and sure enough, it’s black and boring. Probably another
pantsuit. Hopefully, it fits. I’m an average weight, but five foot ten puts me
on the tall side.
“Thank you, Mindy,” Steele says before turning to me. “We’ll
be working in the office, if you want to change in the bathroom I mentioned
earlier…”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll do that.”
I venture down the hall and find the powder room just where
he said it would be. Once the door’s shut, I stare at myself in the mirror and
try to properly assess the situation. Up until now, I thought we’d been playing
some kinky filthy back and forth thing, but if Steele wants me to do some real
work for him—well. I don’t know how to feel about that.
On the one hand, I really do love a good organizational
task.
On the other, I’d rather have my pussy licked.
I suppose the best of worlds would include both.
With a sigh, I open the package and shake out the outfit,
and burst into laughter when I discover it’s not a pantsuit at all, but a maid’s
uniform. The French maid type. Complete with a white apron. Short and sexy, and
yeah. This is definitely still a kinky filthy game. 
Does Mindy know?
Does he play this game with her as well? And Claudette? And
Lola? It would explain why he’s paying for her implants. He’s probably the one
who encouraged her to get them. 
But seriously, what do I expect? He’s a billionaire. He can
mix business with pleasure all he wants. It’s not like I’m looking for anything
but fun myself, so do I really care what he’s doing with his employees?
If I do care, I’ll never admit it. Not even to myself.
And that means that a few minutes later, I’m dressed in the
outfit and ready to “work”. With no panties, my ass cheeks are on display, so I
scurry out of the bathroom and to the office before Mindy sees me. Even if
she’s aware of what I’m really here for, I prefer my sexcapades happen in
private.
I find Steele seated, not behind his desk, but in an
armchair with a digital tablet in hand. He doesn’t look up when I enter. 
I pull the door shut behind me and pose myself in a
sexy-lean-against-the-wall pose. 
“Keep it open, please.” He still doesn’t look at me.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t feel comfortable leaving the door
open when I’m dressed like this.”
“Lola doesn’t mind.”
“Lola wears this same outfit?”
Finally, he looks up, and stoic as he’s pretending to be, he
can’t hide his hooded gaze. “Not exactly that outfit, I suppose. Longer, maybe.
The service has their own uniforms, and I don’t usually pay attention.”
Then maybe he isn’t fucking Lola, but now I’m getting a
different interpretation of what’s going on here. “Wait a minute…is Lola your
housekeeper?”
“Housekeeper. Personal assistant. Same thing, right? I know
some of you are sensitive about the actual label.”
Rage boils through my body. “You think the job I do is
equivalent to a housekeeper?” Not to knock housekeepers. They deserve the
utmost respect, and if it were my job, I would hate it when anyone conflated
that work with something that it wasn’t, and I would hate it as much as I am
right now. “I am not a goddamned housekeeper, Steele. I’m an exceptionally
skilled personal office assistant.” 
“And we’re in an office. So…” He waggles his fingers like
he’s shooing me to work. “The bookcases are gathering a layer of dust. And don’t
forget the trash bin.”
He goes back to his tablet, swiping his screen as though
he’s reading a book.
Reading a book while he expects me to clean his
motherfucking office.
I’m seventy-five percent sure that the asshole has to be
pulling my leg. Has to be. Right? But the twenty-five percent part of
me that’s uncertain is mad enough to take over my whole personality. He wants
me to dust his office? He wants me to empty his trash? 
Fine.
On my terms.
I scan the room and find a decorative doily under one of his
plants. (Admittedly, the fact that he has real live plants in his bachelor pad,
makes me hate him a smidge less.) I move the plant off the ornamental lace, and
study it long enough to realize it’s delicate, most likely antique, and
definitely not something that should be used for cleaning tasks, but Steele
should have thought of that before he put me to work for the day.
Ignoring the bookshelves closest to me, I cross to the ones
right behind him and start my dusting there. One shelf in, and the doily is already
filthy. It’s as if the shelves haven’t been cleaned in weeks. I’m pretty sure a
boob job doesn’t take a woman out for more than a couple. Either Lola has been
gone longer, or she’s not a very good housekeeper.
As tempting as it is to prove I can do a better job, that’s
not my goal right now. With the first shelf done, I bend to clean the one below
it, and do I stick my naked butt in Steele’s face when I bend?
You bet my sweet ass I do.
I stick it in his face, and wiggle it around. Bent over like
this, he has a view of my pussy as well. I wait a beat for him to make a move.
Then another beat.
Finally, I peer over my shoulder to see what he’s doing, and
the fucker isn’t even looking. Frustration doesn’t begin to describe how I’m
feeling, until I notice that there is a very definitive bulge in that
billionaire’s lap.
Pretending he didn’t peek when obviously he did. 
Or maybe he just gets off on the whole scenario in general.
Either way, he’s on my hook, whether he likes it or not,
which means I need to deliver more of the same. This time, I attack the higher
shelves. I get all of the ones I can reach easily, then kick off my Prada black
pumps.
Then, with the doily in hand, I grab onto Steele’s shoulder
and start to hoist myself onto the arm of his chair.
“What the hell are you doing?” Despite his irritation, his
hand wraps around my calves, steadying me.
“I can’t reach,” I explain, as if he’s an idiot. When I let
go of his shoulder, there’s dirt on his white shirt, and I have to literally
bite my lip to keep from smiling as I stretch to reach the higher shelves. 
He continues to hold my legs as I dust, the warmth of his
fingers sending a jolt through my nervous system. 
I’m not the only one affected. 
When I glance down, his bulge has grown, and Steele isn’t
even trying to hide that his eyes are focused like a laser up my skirt.
I’m pleased, but I’m not done.
After finishing another shelf, I pull my foot out of his
grasp and place it on his (dirty) shoulder, so I can reach the highest shelf. 
Or so I can pretend I’m reaching for the highest shelf.
Really it just spreads my legs so he can have a better view.
And when he’s fully distracted, I put weight on that foot—weight he isn’t prepared
to take—and surprise, surprise, I topple into his lap.
If I wasn’t sure he was hard before, I’m definitely sure
now. It’s jabbing into my lower back like it’s a gun at a stick-up, and I’m
more than ready to be robbed.
“Whoops.” I throw my arms around his neck and smile
innocently.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Steele’s voice is a rasp
as his hands settle on me. Not-so-innocently settle, I might add. One grazing
the side of my breast, the other wrapped around the curve of my bare ass.
“What do you think you’re doing?”  
“You’re in my lap.”
“You’re fondling my ass.”
It might be my imagination, but his mouth seems to move an
inch closer to mine. “It’s a very nice ass.”
“It’s a very nice lap.” I wiggle my butt and grin when his
cock twitches. “I’m starting to have a feeling this is where you wanted me all
along. Was that your plan?”
He shakes his head, but his eyes disagree, and his mouth
closes in more. “I don’t think I’m capable of planning where you’re concerned.
You make me crazy, and I just react, and next thing you know, I’m canceling my
schedule so I can work from home and ordering a sexy maid costume to arrive
overnight.”
My grin widens. “That does sound crazy.”
His lips brush mine. “You’re a dirty distraction in my life
that I do not need.”
“Sounds like a personal problem.” This time when his lips
brush mine, I tilt my neck so my mouth meets his. 
That’s all the invitation he needs.
The hand on my ass comes up to hold my chin in place and
then he kisses me like he’s been dying to kiss me since we’ve met. Like he’s
only been barely holding back. Like he might never stop kissing me.
Ten seconds in, and I’ve already ranked it on my top five
kisses of all time. 
There’s a very good chance it could end up ranked higher,
except just as it’s really starting to get good, Steele stands up with me in
his arms. 
Yes! Show me your bedroom please, sir.
Instead, he sets me on my feet and bends me over his desk. 
“Fuck, Simone. The dirty, filthy things I want to do to
you…”
“Whatever those things are, please tell me they include
putting your cock so far inside me I feel it for days.”
He moans. “I'm adding that to the list.”
“There's a list?” I didn't think I could be any wetter.
“You better believe there's a list.” He flips my skirt up
and slaps one ass cheek. “That's for being so goddamned sexy I can't think
straight.” He slaps the other cheek. “That's because you love that you do that
to me.”
“How do you know me so well?” I'm not sure if I should be
frightened or planning our China patterns. 
Let's be honest, though—I plan China patterns just for fun. 
“Because you speak to my soul.” He drops to his knees and
laps my pussy from behind. “I've been craving this taste for the last twenty
four hours. It was driving me insane.”
I will never belittle the madness of a deep craving, but I'm
dealing with a madness of my own.  “Back
to that list…how long before your dick makes an appearance?”
He laps the length of my slit all the way to my asshole, and
I suddenly have no idea why I'm complaining because this is working out for me
just fine. 
“I want to hear your list, baby.”
I have always detested generic endearments, so obviously I
have to hate myself now because his use of baby makes my legs jelly.
His tongue on my cunt might also contribute to the weakness.

“How about you tell me seven ways you want me to fuck you
before the day is over, and I'll let you come?” He sticks his tongue inside me,
and I'm so out of my mind, I almost agree. 
“No, I don't trust you.”
“You don't trust I'll make you come?”
“I don't trust I'll get your cock. And I really, really want
your cock.”
He practically growls, the sound vibrating across my
sensitive bits, and all my blood rushes to my clit. “I promise, I'll give you
my cock. But first, seven ways you want me to fuck you.” He returns to his
assault.
“Um, okay. Standing up.”
“More specific.”
I groan at the interruption of his tongue. Then melt when it
returns. Desperate to not have to endure its absence again, I quickly imagine a
scenario, and hope it's what he wants. “Me on this desk, you standing, my legs
wrapped around your waist.”
“One,” he says, and I celebrate internally when he barely
breaks to say the word. 
Okay, okay. I got this. 
“In your bed, with you hovering above my face while I suck
you off. That's two.”
I swear he starts tracing the number two against my clit. 
“In the main room, me naked against your windows while you
choke me from behind. That's three.”
Oh yeah, that one's good. God, I might come sooner than
number seven. 
“Don't you dare come before the list is done.” 
It's like he can read my thoughts. 
And his mouth is gone again, but I'm not too mad because he
stands, and I hear the sound of his zipper. “Keep going, Simone.”
“Four, on the sofa, me riding your lap. My tits bouncing.”
“My palms squeezing them tight.” He reaches around me to
palm one of my breasts through my dress, a demonstration of sorts.
“Yes. Harder. Tweak my nipple.”
He doesn't do as I ask, because he's a fucker, but even
better, a hard, velvet ridge slides across my soaked pussy.
I start to turn to try to get a glance at the glorious cock
rubbing against my goodies, but he pushes me back down.  “The list. Number five.”
He sounds as eager as I feel.  “Number five—on your kitchen table. Reverse
cowgirl. While I fondle your balls.”
The sound he makes as he smacks my pussy with his cock almost
undoes me. “Two more, and I'll get a condom.”
“Against the wall, one of my legs stretched up on your
shoulder.”
“Are you that flexible?” 
“Don’t you want to find out?”
He circles my rim with his tip. “You are—”
But I don't get to hear the end of that sentiment because
voices drift in from outside the office door (the one I never opened when
told). 
“He’s in his office, but he’s busy at the moment,” Mindy
says.
“I don’t care if he’s busy. He’s on my clock right now.” 
I’ve only heard it a few times, but Steele’s brother has a
distinct voice that I would recognize anywhere.
“Fuck.” Steele backs up. I turn to see him quickly tucking
himself away. “Fuck. You have to hide," he says, buckling his belt. 
I’m not keen on being caught in this outfit myself, especially
not with my cunt crying all over the place, but as far as I can see there are
no closets so I’m not sure where to go.
Steele is quicker than I am. “Under there.” He pulls me with
him toward his desk pushing me to my knees just as Holt bursts through the
door.
Quickly, I crawl underneath. Steele drops into his chair and
rolls closer, practically sealing off my hiding place. “Jesus, don’t you
knock?”
I feel the tension.
Of course I do.
But really, we’re only in this position because of Steele
and his antics. 
And sure, he’s a great kisser, and solid gold with good
tongue, but he’s also conniving, and truth is, he makes me crazy too. Besides,
he promised me his cock.
So even though this might be the worst idea ever, the thing
I’m about to do next? 
Totally his own fault.




Chapter Seven
I’m one of those women who loves giving blow jobs for
several reasons:
1. It allows me to stay impersonal
2. It gives me control
3. I have an oral fixation and love putting lots of
different things in my mouth
4. I’m amazing at them
Honestly, this is a gift. Steele owes me right now, as far
as I’m concerned, because not only did he promise me his cock, I did dust,
like, seven of his shelves. Seven out of seventy might be a low percentage of
work completion, but I would have done more if his brother hadn’t shown up.
Probably. 
In other words, I have no guilt as I slide my hand up the
inside of Steele’s thigh toward the bulge straining against his fly.
“Is there a reason you’re barging into my study?” To his
credit, he doesn’t sound like a man who is about to be assaulted under his
desk.
“It seems like the only way to get a hold of you these days
since you aren’t at the office and you aren’t answering my calls.” 
I cup Steele’s cock through his trousers, giving it a little
squeeze. As though I’ve just knocked on the door, he widens his legs, letting
me in. “Well, you’re here. What now?”
He’s talking to Holt, but I think he’s also talking to me.
Daring me. Does he think I won’t?
I start to work on carefully undoing his belt, proving that
I most definitely will. 
“I have a meeting down the street in an hour. Thought I’d
stop by to take another stab at convincing you to—”
Steele cuts him off. “Could we talk about it later? I’m in
the middle of—”
I’m intrigued to hear what he’s going to say he’s in the
middle of, but Holt interrupts. “You can sure tell Lola hasn’t been here. These
shelves have an inch of dust. You haven’t brought in a replacement while she’s
gone?”
“I have, actually. Guess she’s not that good.” 
Belt and button undone, I pause before moving on to his
zipper so that I can flick my finger against the spot where I think his crown
is. 
He jolts. 
“You okay?” Holt asks.
Steele reaches under the desk and flicks the side of my
forehead. “Just an itch. What’s going on with Hunter?”
I’m not interested in whoever this Hunter character is, and
I tune out the conversation and concentrate on quietly unzipping his fly. Once
down, I reach my hand down the pouch of his boxer briefs and work his cock
free.
Work is probably the wrong word because it doesn’t take much
at all to get the beast free. 
And beast is definitely the right word because, as I’d
suspected, Steele Sebastian is hung and standing proud.
You should stand proud, my boy. You deserve to
boast.
I fondle the beast to get my bearings, running both my hands
down his length then cup his balls before trailing my fingers back up his
shaft. Then I swipe a palm over his head, and practically moan. He’s soft and
velvety and thick and strong—everything I love in a cock.
On cue, a bead of pre-cum sprouts at the tip, and I bend
forward to lap it up, making my tongue flat as it sweeps across his crown.
Meanwhile, I’m half aware of Holt’s voice in the background,
seemingly moving across the room, so I notice the abrupt tone change. “What the
fuck, Steele? You, uh, playing hanky panky with Mindy now?”
A strange jealousy that I have no right to possess bubbles
inside me, and I hate how curious I am to hear more. Hate wanting to know what
inspired the comment in the first place. Hate it so much that I take my
aggression out on Steele, drawing my teeth lightly across his tip.
“They’re not Mindy’s shoes,” he says through gritted teeth. My
pumps! I’d forgotten about them. “Had someone over earlier.” 
Clever because it’s not a lie. 
I apologize for my assumption with another sweep of my
tongue.
“And she left without her shoes?” Steele must make some sort
of contrary expression in response. “Oh, she’s still here?” 
This time I peer up to see Steele give an elusive shrug. 
“Mm. No wonder you wanted to work from home.” They share a
laugh, and I’m not sure if Holt presumes that Steele has a girl waiting in his
bedroom or if he suspects that I’m actually under the desk. 
Whichever it is, he seems to not care to know more and goes
back to discussing “Hunter” and “the board” and “Dad” and a shit load of other
boring things that sound work and family related. 
And that means I’m done listening in.
With Lil Wayne playing in my head, I get to licking Steele’s
lollipop, lapping my tongue up the side of his shaft, using lots of saliva, then
sucking his crown lightly before repeating the process. I do it again and
again, enjoying the tensing of his thighs as I tease him, knowing that what I’m
doing feels good but isn’t quite what he wants.
The more I play, the more he stirs, shifting in his seat. He
drops his hands to his thighs. He clears his throat. Coughs once. Spreads his
legs wider. Little by little, I notice the conversation becomes more one-sided.
The gap between Holt’s words and Steele’s responses grows. He sinks down in his
chair, pushing his cock in my face, a not so subtle hint to get it on, and if
that’s really what he wants…
I wait until he’s mid-sentence— “Hunter doesn’t really want
your job. He wants—” And that’s when I take him down my throat. 
All the way.
And I mean all the way, so that every last inch of
him is in my mouth. 
I feel his thighs shiver as they frame my face, and his
breathing stutters.
“He wants…what?” Holt prods.
“I, uh.” He clears his throat again. “I lost my train of
thought. Sorry.” 
I smirk as I pull my lips back across his length, only to
deep-throat him once again. Again and again, speeding up each bob of my head.
When I glance up at him, his eyes are hooded. He takes a long blink then
swallows.
The guy is not going to last long. I can’t decide if it’s more
torturous to leave him this aroused or to let him try and hide an epic orgasm.
I’m still deciding—still torturing—when Holt uses Steele’s
lost thought to turn the conversation. “Anyway. About the Kincaid story—I’m
stalled out on my end. Can you—?”
“I don’t want to talk about this right now,” Steele says,
seeming to know what Holt is going to say. Seeming to not want me to hear him
say it.
But he’s talking about my boss, and now I’m hyper focused on
the conversation. I pull back, about to let his cock fall out of my mouth, when
Steele’s hands clasp around my ears. Holding me in place, he thrusts in,
surprising me with the force and tempo.
Okay, number one—hot. 
Number two? If he thinks I can’t listen and/or concentrate
while I’m being face-fucked, he’s wrong. 
“Does that mean you haven’t made a move on his secretary
yet? I think if you just get close to her—”
Three things happen all at once:
1. Steele freezes with his cock shoved down my throat.
2. I start to choke.
3. Holt’s phone rings.
“I’ve got to take this,” Holt says. “Yes? I’m…sure. Okay.”
The next comment sounds like it’s directed to his brother. “I have to deal with
this. I’ll call you later. Answer this time.” Then, “I’m actually on my way to
meet with them right now.”
His voice fades, and I’m pretty sure he’s left the room.
Meanwhile, I’m still choking.
I ball my fists and beat on Steele’s thighs. A few seconds
of this, and he finally lets go of my head. “Okay. He’s gone.”
I shove him so his chair moves back and climb out from under
the desk. “What the goddamned fuck was that?” 
He smiles like this is all still fun and games. “You were
choking.” 
So now he admits I was choking. “I was not
choking.” 
Before I can go on, he jumps in. “You were most definitely
choking. I know choking when I see it. Couldn’t handle what I have to offer?”
“I wasn’t choking, you asshole. I was being choked.” There’s
a difference, and if he doesn’t know what it is, I’m not in the mood to explain
it right now. “What was your brother talking about?”
At least he has the good sense to look guilty. “I know.
You’re not a secretary. Holt isn’t always considerate about labels, but I know
they matter.”
The fucker really knows how to woo me.
Or rather, try to woo me because it’s not going to
work. I will not be distracted from his deceit with his charm. 
“I am not an idiot, Steele.” I stomp over to the chair to
retrieve my pumps. “I heard what he said. I get the implication. I know this
thing with me was all about getting to Donovan.”
“It’s not like it sounds. I never—”
“I’m not an idiot,” I say again, pointing a narrow heel in
his direction. 
“I never took you for an idiot, Simone.” He stands, tucking
away his magnificent (and still erect) cock, seeming to understand (correctly)
that I’m not finishing him off now. “And yes, my brother asked me to get close
to you, but I never agreed to do it.”
“Yeah, it sure looks like you never agreed to do it.” I
stomp to the door, peering down the hall to make sure Holt really is gone and
Mindy isn’t in sight before rushing to the bathroom.
Steele is right on my heels, but I manage to slam the door
in his face. “None of this is about Holt,” he says through the wood barrier.
“Of course not. You just randomly show up at women’s offices
and demand to spank them.” I practically rip the French maid’s outfit off of my
body then panic momentarily because I didn’t look to see if my dress was still
there waiting for me.
Fortunately, it is. 
“It wasn’t random. It was a natural follow up to what we’d
started the day before.”
“Yeah, sure. Sure.” 
“If it wasn’t, then why did you show up at my office the day
after that? We have a connection, and you know it.”
Well, I thought we’d had a connection.  
Oh, fuck. Was Donovan the reason why he sat by me at the
dinner in the first place? Was this all a ruse from the start? 
He really must think I’m stupid. 
And maybe I am because all of this should have seemed fucked
up to me before now. There were plenty of red flags. I mean, I have no issues
with confidence, but he’s a billionaire. I’m a secretary. (Not really a
secretary, but as far as his type is concerned, I am.) We don’t run in the same
circles. We don’t exist in the same world. 
Dressed, I swing open the door and almost laugh when he stumbles
back. “Serves you right.”
I start down the hall toward the door.
“Think about it, Simone.” He’s right behind me as I go.
“Have I asked you anything about Kincaid in our time together? How does a
spanking get you to spill information about your boss? Why would I need you to
hide today if I was doing what Holt asked me to do?”
I slow my pace. I’m not ready to give him the benefit of the
doubt, but he asks some good questions, and except when I think I’m being asked
out on a day date by a dirty, hot rich man, I try not to make assumptions
without more knowledge. 
“That kiss, Simone,” he says, knowing he has my attention.
“There is no way you can deny that kiss was real.”
I turn to him, arms crossed over my chest protectively. “I
don’t know anything about you, Steele.”
“That’s not true. You know how good it feels to have my
hands on you, you know how my cock feels down your throat, and you know you
want to keep exploring whatever this is between us.” Before I can deny it, he
adds, “Don’t lie to me. Be honest.”
“Honest.” I huff. “I can’t trust you. Why would I be honest?”
“Because I’m being honest. I don’t want this to end
before it has a chance to get good. And, Simone? I think it could be real
good.”
And this is why I hate people—because it takes so much work
to build trust, and yet if you want any sort of relationship, you have to trust
even to begin. It’s a lot of energy. Too many times I’ve put too much of myself
out there too early and been hurt.
Have I done that again with Steele?
So far it’s just been body parts and saliva. My heart is
still safe behind its cage.
He hasn’t moved, but it feels like he’s closing in on me. I
take a step backward. “I don’t even know what this is, Steele. This isn’t how
people do something real. You know, they go on a date. He shares his boring
biography. She laughs at his lame jokes. He pays way too much for a mediocre
dinner. She pretends she’s not going to let him fuck her, but she shaved
everything earlier, so of course she is.”
He wrinkles up his nose. “Sounds kind of boring.”
Yeah, it usually kind of is.
But it’s a formula I know. A formula I have faith in.
Whatever this is with Steele, it’s too new. Too undefined. Too much of a risk.
The elevator opens as soon as I push the button. I step in
and turn to him. “I don’t know what your intentions were with me, Mr.
Sebastian, but I think this game has run its course.” 
“Simone—”
I hit the door closed button, and the rest of his sentence
is lost as I drop down.




Chapter Eight
When I come into work the next morning—early, because I’m
devoted to my job, and I like to get started before the whole place is brimming
with people—Donovan’s walking out of his office. 
He’s dressed in khakis and a Henley instead of his usual
suit, but he’s still intimidating when he glares at me. “What are you doing
here?”
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m headed up to the Hamptons with Sabrina for the weekend,
maybe longer. I had some files at home I wanted to drop off.” He nods to my
desk where he’s stacked a bunch of manilla folders. He was also in his office,
though, so I suspect there’s something else he needed that he doesn’t want to
share. 
That’s Donovan for you. Secrets and secrets and more
secrets.
I flip through the labels on the files. We’re mainly digital
these days, and whatever is here will probably need to be uploaded. It gives me
something to do with the day, at least. “I’ll get working on these.”
“Now you.”
I raise a brow.
“I thought you were taking personal days.”
Oh. Yeah. Back when I’d hoped that yesterday’s day date
would turn into two. “Just one personal day.” I sit down behind my desk, throw
my purse in the bottom drawer, and lock it. “Back to the grind today. My boss
is a tyrant. Don’t want to get behind.”
“Complete tyrant.” He nods to his office door. “I’ll leave
this open?”
“I’ll lock it up.” I wiggle my mouse to boot up the computer
as he passes to leave and start making a mental list of tasks for the day.
1. Upload files
2. Don’t think about Steele
3. Reschedule Monday’s meetings
4. Don’t think about Steele
5. Lock up Donovan’s office
6. Don’t think about Steele
7. Don’t think about Steele
8. Don’t think about Steele
“What’s wrong?”
I look up to realize Donovan is still here, watching me with
narrow eyes. “Nothing’s wrong.”
“Don’t bullshit me. What’s wrong?” 
That’s the other thing about Donovan. He always knows.
Everything. Seriously, everything. I’m sure he even knows I steal his invites,
has probably known since day one, but the advantage of working with a
secret-keeper is that he lets me keep my secrets too. 
Usually.
Apparently, not today. 
Just because he’s trying to nose me out, doesn’t mean I have
to open up. He has enough on his plate with his family emergency. “Oh, nothing
new. I just hate everyone.”
He nods like he understands, and for half a second, I think
he’s going to let that be the end of it. 
But I’m wrong. “Is this about that Sebastian guy?”
“What? Who? Holt?” I’m not good at playing dumb. I just
don’t want to talk about it, and I hope he takes the cue.
He levels his stare. “You know who I mean. Why don’t you
want to talk about it?”
Told you he knows everything.
Fine then. I spin my chair in his direction to give him my
full attention. “What’s up with you and his brother?”
“Holt?” Donovan isn’t the best at playing dumb either. But
he’s very good at not saying what he doesn’t want to say, and I’m sure that’s
where he’s headed now. “He wanted information from me that I didn’t want to
give.”
“Oh.” I’m so surprised he answered, that’s all I have to
say.
“I thought that your Steele character might be using you to
get to me.”
I force a laugh, pretending I don’t have a pit in my stomach.
I don’t want to think about this. Don’t want to hear my fears validated by a
man I respect, so I turn my focus back to my computer screen. “That’s absurd.
You don’t tell me anything.” 
“Right. Absurd.”
“And he’s not my Steele.” 
“Of course not. Because you hate everyone.” 
“Exactly.” I start to key in my login and pause to glance up
at my boss. “What did he say to you?”
“Steele? Yeah, that’s the thing.” He crosses over to my side
of the desk and I tense as he sits/leans on the edge, invading my space. “He
didn’t seem to have any idea what I was talking about when I accused him of
using you to get info for his brother.”
“He didn’t?” I fucking hate how hopeful I sound. It’s
embarrassing. “And you believe him?”
“Yeah, I think I do. Seemed much more interested in you
owing him or something like that.” He stands now, his height towering above me.
“Now if you’ve gotten yourself into some shit with this guy, and you need help
getting out of it…”
Daddy Donovan out to fight the mighty Sebastians on my
behalf. 
I bite back a smile. “No. He’s…” Harmless, I
suppose. 
Except not at all harmless because whether or not he was
spying for his brother, he has the power to make me feel like this—whatever
this mood that I don’t want to examine too closely is—and that feels exactly the
opposite of harmless. “It doesn’t matter anymore. I hate everyone.”
“Right, right.” 
The lights down the hall flicker on. Nate’s assistant must
be in. A too-cheery woman who turns on lights and opens blinds and hums
wherever she goes. 
I scowl. My chance for pre-workday alone time is gone.
“Anyway.” Donovan steps back to the other side of my desk
(the side he belongs on). “Sabrina’s waiting for me.”
“Bye.” I go back to the mental task list:
1. It doesn’t matter about Steele
2. Don’t think about Steele
“The thing about saying you hate everyone, Simone…”
I throw my head back. “For fuck’s sake, are you going to
actually leave?” Before he can continue on like I haven’t interrupted, I stare
him down. “Please don’t tell me you’re going to lecture me on relationships.
You might be happily married, but you know as well as I do, that you have never
been a role model in human interaction.”
“No. Definitely not a role model. Doesn’t mean I don’t know
a thing or two about psychology.”
“So, let me guess—you’re going to tell me that I don’t
really hate everybody, right? That that’s just something I say so I don’t have
to put myself out there. So I don’t have to trust new people. And that this
whole overly confident, detached persona of mine is just a ruse and really I’m
soft and squishy and gross inside, with a fragile heart that I keep hidden so
that it won’t get broken. Something like that?”
“You said it. Not me.” He smirks—he’s famous for his smirk.
“I was just going to say that I hoped ‘everyone’ didn’t include me.”
I glare. “You’re the top of the list, Kincaid. Top of the
list.”
He winks, and I still hate him. A little bit less, but still
more than anyone else. “Hey, when you chill out in my office later to watch
your soaps and, uh, whatever else you do in there—make sure you clean up after
yourself this time, will you?”
My face goes red.
He really does know everything. 
“It’s daytime television,” I yell after him since he’s
(finally) leaving. “Not soaps.” I shudder at the thought.
Then blush again, wondering exactly what else he knows
happened in that office, and ultimately resolve to put it out of my mind and
never think about it again.
And then I start the day's tasks. I upload the physical
files and consider calling Steele. 
Then I file the physical files and remember I don’t have his
direct line. 
Then I reschedule half of Monday’s meetings and wonder if I
should just call Claudette. 
Then I reschedule the next half of Monday’s meetings and
decide I wouldn’t know what to say. 
Then I go into Donovan’s office and dust his shelves (I’ve
come to the conclusion that I’m quite good at this, fuck you very much,
Holt Sebastian), and do a lot of sighing because even if I really am
squishy on the insides, I don’t know how to live without my shell, and how can
I expect that anyone—particularly, anyone like Steele—could find their way past
the hard exterior and want to stay?
I don’t come to an answer, but it turns out the answer
comes to me. 
When I step out of Donovan’s office, I find an extremely hot
and arrogant billionaire holding red roses and waiting for me.




Chapter Nine
“What are you doing here?” The roses make it sort of
obvious, but I’m prickly by nature, and that’s what comes out.
Steele, I’m discovering, is able to meet me prick by prick.
“What do you think I’m doing here?” 
Several salty retorts cross my mind over a handful of
seconds. I muster up the strength to swallow them all. “I don’t think you were
getting close to me for your brother.”
“I know. I don’t think I would have shown up here if I
thought you really did.”
Okay, that out of the way…
I cross the few steps between us and examine the roses in
his hand. “They don’t have thorns.”
“I was afraid you’d cut yourself.”
“You’d let a woman choke but not bleed. Progress, I
suppose.” 
I take the vase from his hand, but before I can move to take
them to my desk, he catches my waist and pulls me to him. His mouth hovers at
my ear, hot and inviting. “I wouldn’t let you bleed. I wouldn’t let
you choke either, if you were really choking, unless I’m choking you on
purpose.”
It’s disgusting how fast my panties are ruined. 
It’s not just my libido that Steele affects. My chest feels
tight and agitated, and I can’t decide if I’m excited or terrified. 
Both, perhaps. 
“What are you doing here?” I can’t face him, and this time
when I ask, it’s barely a whisper. 
He leans his forehead against my scalp, and I can still feel
each of his breaths as they skate across my lobe. “I came to ask you on a
date.”
My heart flutters. “You could have called.”
“I didn’t trust you to answer.”
Dammit, he’s too tuned into me. But I’m not entirely sure I
mind. “I would have thought about answering.”
“Progress, I suppose.”
I can’t help myself, I swivel my head to catch his grin. How
can a man be so smug and sexy at the same time? Why am I so here for it? “A
real date? No strings attached?”
“A real date. No strings attached.”
I bite my lip so that I don’t answer too quickly. “Okay. I’d
like that.”
As soon as I give him the yes, the man is in motion. He
steps away from me and claps his hands together. “Mindy. Titus.” 
Mindy appears rolling a table with a cream tablecloth and
stainless steel covered plates. A man follows—Titus, I presume—carrying two
chairs.
“In there,” Steele says, directing them to set-up in
Donovan’s office.
“Wait—what?” I chase after him as he follows the servers.
“What is this?”
He ignores me. “It should be good right there. Thank you,
Mindy. Titus, could you just push the couch a little to make room. Perfect.
That’s all.”
“You can’t! Oh my God. This isn’t!” I’m so flustered, I
can’t finish a single thought. “Steele!”
His employees leave as quickly as they came, and finally he
gives me his attention. “Yes, my love?”
The floor practically disappears from beneath me at the endearment,
but I refuse to be caught swooning. “What on earth is this?”
“Lunch. Typically served midday, though the menu has more of
a dinner feel. A compromise, since the ideal, of course, would be to actually
share a meal at the time that dinner is usually served, but…”
He trails off, leaving me to fill in the rest. “You were
afraid I wouldn’t show.”
“Bingo.” He points a finger as he says the word. “And I owed
you a day date.”
This certainly isn’t my definition of either “a real date”
or “no-strings,” but before I can get myself thoroughly worked up about it, I
take a breath.
Then I laugh. 
Because it turns out I’m not upset about it at all. It’s
actually very charming, and I’m entirely turned on about it. 
Barely into the laugh, I bring my hand to cover my mouth. He
doesn’t get to win that easily. He still has to get through the date before
I’ve made up my mind about him. Isn’t that how it usually works? “All right
then. A day date. In my boss’s office.” 
He glances over at the floor to ceiling windows. “You
normally have to pay top dollar for a restaurant view like that.”
“Ah, so you didn’t want to fork out the money.” 
He gives me a wry look. “I may have gone cheap on location,
but I think you’ll find the menu compensates. Sorry, not sorry, I couldn’t bring
myself to pay for a mediocre meal.” He lifts a silver lid off a small dish and
exposes a pear and pomegranate salad. When he removes a larger lid, he reveals
steak tartare.
It’s Monday night’s menu. The meal I missed.
I can’t help myself and clap my hands together in glee.
“Saffron crème brûlée for dessert?”
“Saffron crème brûlée for dessert.” He shrugs. “Or we can
start with that, if you prefer.”
“No, no. The traditional order of things is good.” 
He catches my gaze and holds it for a beat. I feel his stare
everywhere—in my pinky toes and the back of my neck and the base of my spine
and the corners of my lips. Seriously, if I keep grinning like this, my face is
going to start to hurt.
If he keeps staring at me like this, lunch isn’t going to
happen at all.
As if he realizes the same thing, he drops his eyes and
pulls out one of the chairs. “If you’d take a seat, please?”
 I sit, and he drapes
a napkin over my lap. Then he bends to look under the tablecloth, and I wonder
if it won’t be a traditional date after all. Which is disappointing, but I
spread my legs anyway, not wanting to miss out if he’s going for my pussy. 
Apparently, there’s storage underneath, and he’s only going
for an ice-bucket with champagne and two glasses. “I have sparkling cider as
well.” 
My expression likely says how appalled I am at that
suggestion.
“You are supposed to be working.” But he pops open
the bottle before I can tell him not to judge. “Also, I’m lying. There’s no
sparkling cider. I just wanted to appear thoughtful.”
“Suggestion for the future—it works better if you don’t
admit it seconds after the fact.” 
He pours a glass and hands it to me. “Yes, in the future,
I’ll definitely see my lies through to the end, but I’m trying to deliver an
experience here, and though you didn’t mention ‘no lying’ in your description
of a normal date, I suspect it was inferred.”
I’m beginning to think the guy might be as unused to
ordinary dating as I am. 
It’s possible we’re made for each other. 
The thought makes me shudder except it’s more like a shiver
and my chest feels all sorts of warm. I cover my reaction with a sip of
champagne while Steele sits himself in the seat across from me. When he
uncovers his salad, I pick up my fork and bite into mine.
God, it’s fantastic. 
Better than the salad from the other night, since it has
real goat cheese instead of feta. I’m practically having a mouth orgasm, when Steele
clears his throat.
“I’m thirty-four and the middle child of three.”
“Okay.” It’s so out of nowhere, I don’t know what else to
say.
“Unless you count my secret half-brother, but I don’t
usually bring him up on a first date, so we’ll leave that for later.”
I swear I usually have no problem getting substances past my
lips and down the right tube, and yet I nearly choke on a pomegranate seed. 
“Are you—?”
I put my hand up and shake my head. A sip of champagne
helps. “Nope. Just fine.” My voice sounds raw, so I clear my throat. “Secret
brother that we aren’t going to talk about. Got it.” 
“My grandfather built a huge company focused on industrial
materials and also, as a side hustle, started a news network.” It’s strange to
hear Irving Sebastian, a man as famous as Rockefeller, reduced to a single
sentence, and it’s only at the arrival of this thought that I realize Steele is
giving me his bio, a component of a “real date”, according to my outburst
yesterday at his apartment.
“My father took over as CEO when he was in his forties, and
ran it until he had to step down for health reasons. My brother took his place
after that. I work in the business and talent department because that’s where
Dad said I’d work, and pretty much everyone does what Dad says, for some
reason.”
“Maybe because he’s one of the most powerful men in
America?”
“I think his reach extends internationally.”
“There you go.” 
“He’s a hard, temperamental sort of man. Not at all loving,
and since my mother died when I was five, we were taught to be equally as
focused if we wanted any sort of attention from him. Or at least pretend to be
as focused. Now, before you go feeling sorry for me, I must add that my Grandpa
Irving is much less of an asshole and showers all of his grandkids with
affection. Tough guy brand, but it counts. Oh, and I have a hundred million
dollar trust fund, so I can more than make up for my lack of parental support
and emotional development with therapy, good drugs, and nice cars.”
“Well, then.”
“You’re supposed to laugh at my lame jokes.” Another “real
date” criteria. 
“They can’t be so lame I don’t realize it’s a joke.”
He narrows his eyes. “Fine. Challenge accepted.” 
Over the next several minutes, Steele gives me more of his
bio, sharing mundane resumé type details about where he went to school (Dalton
for high school, Columbia for his bachelor, Yale for his masters) and what
sports he played (crew and diving). Then he moved to the more interesting
details of when he had his first kiss (with Missy Benson at age seven), when he
had his first real kiss (with Sara Epstein at age thirteen), when he first had
sex (Sara Epstein’s stepmom at age fifteen), and when he last had a girlfriend
(five years ago, it lasted three years, and he broke it off because he didn’t
enjoy the traditional structure of the relationship).
He manages to insert at least three identifiable lame jokes
that I laugh at on cue. But he speaks in monologue, giving me very little chance
to comment, which isn’t really what I’d pictured when I’d given him my description
of a “real date”.
But I also realize that nothing he’s told me is really
useful knowledge. I mean, I know things about him now that I didn’t before, but
none of it gives me insight into how compatible we are or whether I want to
spend more time with him or if we might share the same biting outlook on life.
I learned pretty much all the good stuff when he showed up
wanting to spank me. 
When I’ve long since cleared my salad plate (his remains
untouched), he finally says, “I think that’s all the important stuff. Anything
I’m missing?”
I shake my head. Honestly, the only other thing I want to
know right now is how good his cock feels inside me. The sooner we can get to
that, the better. “Am I supposed to give you my bio now?”
He makes a face that says he finds the idea as unappealing
as I do. “Unless you’d like to, but you didn’t list reciprocation as a ‘real
date’ requirement.”
I run through my head to see where we are on that list: 
1. His boring bio
2. Her laughs at his lame jokes
3. An expensive mediocre dinner
4. She pretends she isn’t going to fuck him, but she shaved
As it just so happens, I shaved yesterday before going to
his apartment. 
In other words, the date’s technically concluded. 
And now I’m thinking about another list. All the places I
wanted him to fuck me before the day was done. 
I set my napkin on my salad dish and glance toward Donovan’s
desk. “Me on that desk, you standing, my legs wrapped around your waist.”
I can sense the effort it takes for him not to jump
immediately to the task. “As I recall, you mentioned there might be cameras…?”
“As I recall, you didn’t seem that concerned about them.”
“I’m trying to be considerate of your preferences. I don’t care
if—”
I cut him off. “If I don’t care means I think
it’s kind of hot, then I feel exactly the same way.”




Chapter Ten
The speed at which I’m up from my chair and being hoisted
onto my boss’s desk has to be record breaking. If there are records of such
events, which I’m sure there’s not, but maybe there should be.
Though why bother because I already know Steele and I would
dominate.
While he undoes his pants, I scramble to get my panties down
and over my shoes, which are staying on because they’re buckled, and I don’t have
the patience for that.
“Ah, that cock. I thought I’d never see him again.” 
Steele runs a finger across my hole and holds it up for me
to see how it glistens. “Your pussy’s been crying for him.” 
That’s not all that’s crying for him. My eyes are also pricking
with tears. I’d always thought there were only two things that touch
me—superior organizational systems and five-star dinner menus. Steele
Sebastian’s cock is now added to that list because I’m definitely touched by
that beautiful beast, and I’ve yet to have it in me.
“Don’t torture me, Steele. Hurry the fuck up.”
As I’ve already learned, the man does not take direction.
Instead, he licks his finger clean, and I guess I can’t really complain because
one, it’s always super fucking hot, and two, he didn’t eat any lunch.
“Mm. Still my favorite taste.” 
I bend forward to lick the bead of moisture on his tip. From
there, I’m tempted to stick the whole thing in my mouth, but he wraps his hand
around my neck and lifts my face up toward his. “Before you get him all worked
up, I need to be sure you aren’t going to run out and leave me.  My blue balls ached all night long.”
I hear the words that come out of his mouth, but the deeper
subtext suggested with his tone is what hits me hardest. 
“Steele Sebastian, I think you’re starting to get attached.”

He doesn’t say anything, just keeps his hold around my neck
as I wrap my arms around his. 
“Don’t tell anyone I said this, and if you ever try to throw
it back in my face, I’ll deny every word.” I take a breath then let my words go
in a rush. “I’m scared, too.”
He blinks, and the grip around my neck loosens. Then
tightens again.
I think that might be a sign to keep talking so I do. “I’m
not good at social norms. I hate small talk and formalized standards. I’m
thorny and easily rubbed the wrong way. Everyone gets on my nerves, even the
people I like. Especially the people I like. I don’t put my heart out
because it’s invariably stomped on, and frankly, I usually deserve it. So I haven’t
tried with anyone in a long time. Tried anything but sex, I mean.
Maybe that’s all this will be with us, too, but it feels like it could be
something more. Something different. Something unexpected. And who knows—we
might hurt each other in the end. One of us might leave.” 
I take another big breath. “That scares me, but I think
maybe that new things—that the best things—are always going to be
terrifying. At first. Maybe even always. I think I might not mind so much,
being terrified, if I’m terrified with you.”
He nods. Once. “I don’t want to stomp on your heart. But I
would like to hold it.” 
He brings his free hand up to caress my face, and I lean
into his palm. My heart is beating so fast, it feels like I’ve run a marathon,
but the knot that usually lives in my chest feels like it’s starting to
unravel.
“I’d also love to spend time with you, preferably in ways
that aren’t routine or formulaic. But right at this moment—” He drops his hand
from my face. 
I follow it down as he reaches for his pocket, my eyes
catching on his still hard, still beautiful cock, and I wonder how long I’ll
have to endure this emotional shit before we get back to what we were doing
before. Like, is it insensitive to move it along with a little tug and pull?
When he brings his hand out from his pocket, he’s holding a
condom, and I’m so relieved, I think I might have to consider marrying the man.
Especially when he says, “I really need you to shut up and let me fuck you.”
The condom goes on so fast, we’d win another record (if that
were a thing). Steele positions himself at my entrance, but before pushing in,
he brings his thumb down and presses against my clit. 
I’m beyond needing foreplay.
I reach around behind him and grab his ass, and after a
brief pause to admire how firm an ass it is, I get focused. “You can rub my
clit while you’re thrusting.” 
Then I pull him to me, bringing my hips forward at the same time
so that he slides inside.
Mostly slides.
Did I mention the man is hung? My eyes had made the note,
but must not have passed that knowledge to my pussy because Steele doesn’t make
it all the way in on the first thrust.
He chuckles. “Your pussy chokes on my cock too.”
The date is over so I don’t feel the need to have to laugh
at his lame jokes anymore. But I don’t have the time to respond with the
deserved eye roll, because just then, he drives his hips forward and lodges
himself so far inside me that my eyes roll back into my head. “Oh, shit.”
It is at this moment that I know I’m fucked.
In every way the word means because I’m certain there will
never be another man like Steele Sebastian in my life, and I’m pretty sure I
might even be okay with that.
I can’t think about it too much at the moment, though, since
he tilts his pelvis, withdraws, and shoves his cock in again, driving all
thought from my head. “Wow. Has just as much impact on the third thrust.”
“Second thrust. I’m not counting the time you choked.” 
Of course he’s not.
He repeats the slow withdraw and shove in, and finally, my
body opens for him, relaxing around his cock. Giving him room to move. 
He smiles against my lips. “For a minute there, I thought
you weren’t going to let me in.”
For a minute there, I wasn’t. “I just needed time to
adjust.”
He kisses me. Too softly for the dirty sex I’m anticipating.
But just as I start to pull away, he wraps his hands in my hair and the kiss
turns absolutely nasty. His tongue tangles with mine, our jagged breaths
increasing rapidly. “Adjustment time over. Because now this cunt is getting
fucked.”
I don’t have a chance to brace myself before he’s hammering
into me at a brutal tempo. Throwing my legs around him, I lie back on the desk
to take the assault.
“Oh, fuck no.” At the speed he’s adopted, it’s amazing he
can still speak. “You have to participate. I’m not doing all the work.”
“I’m working.” I squeeze my pussy around him. 
He squints at me, sweat forming over his brow. “Open your
shirt. Give me something pretty to look at.”
I unbutton my blouse, slowly at first. Until he punishes me
with shallow strokes that don’t hit the spot that now bears his name. At which
point, I rush so fast to get my shirt off, I lose a button. 
When he resumes his tempo, I pull the cups of my bra down
and plump my breasts with my hands. He bends over me and licks the tip of one
rigid nipple and twists the other with his hand, confusing my nervous system
with pleasure and pain. 
I let out a ragged moan. “You play dirty.”
He tugs my nipple with his teeth and releases the other only
to smack my breast with his palm, drawing a whimper from my lips. 
“Seems to me you like it.”
“You’re wrong. I hate it. Don’t ever stop.” 
He’s grinning when his hand comes to my throat. “Stop
talking.”
I do as he says, but only because he makes it impossible to
speak, first by occupying my mouth with another bruising kiss that leaves me
struggling for air. Second, by rubbing my clit so precisely that I start to
come and words lose all meaning, which is a good thing because if I could still
talk, I might say something ridiculous about love and always and forever.
Except, just as I’m about to peak, his hand leaves my clit
and his thrusts slow. 
“You fucker.” Ah, look at that. Speech returned.
His gaze is focused past me, on the city view. “Didn’t you
say something about ‘naked against the windows?’”
I see where he’s going with this. “‘While you choke me from
behind.’”
In unison, we scramble out of our current position, which
means a temporary loss of his cock as he withdraws, then he helps me down from
Donovan’s desk. I take the opportunity to lose my shirt completely, and my bra
as well. Steele’s pants are still on, but he loses his tie and unbuttons his
top buttons, and I might never need to see him completely naked because he’s so
hot looking like this.
I stand flush against the windows, briefly wondering if my
tits will leave nipple prints. The glass is cool against my hot skin, despite
the June sun, thanks to the indoor air conditioning system, causing them to
steeple even more. Steele comes up behind me, and I expect him to flip my skirt
up and get right back in. Instead, he unzips my zipper.
“You said naked,” he says, as my skirt falls to the ground.
Goosebumps spread across my flesh. I’m completely naked
against the windows in broad daylight. It’s not likely anyone can see me, but
it feels like the entire city is watching. I’ve never had a partner who pushed
me to be this bold. 
It’s only fair that I push him back. “I said choking me
from—”
I don’t get a chance to finish the statement before his
hands are at my throat. He moves so close behind me, I can feel his cock against
my ass, still wet from my cunt. He kicks my legs apart, but it’s his fingers
that find their way to my pussy, and me without the ability to complain.
“I know what you want.” He plays with my clit, teasing it
with slow, feather circles. “You can have my cock, but only if you can resist
coming while I tell you three reasons why you now belong to me.”
He’s hedging his bets with this one because I really want to
come. Sure, I want his cock too, but forcing me to listen to him list three
very possibly nice things about me is a real test of my willingness to explore
this relationship. I don’t even let Donovan say more than one nice thing about
me a quarter, and he’s one of the longest relationships I’ve had.
Actually, Steele is quite clever. He presses gently against
my windpipe and bends his mouth to my ear, and despite the fact that all my
blood has rushed to my pussy, I think this might possibly be the best and only
way to woo me. 
“One, I only settle for top notch, and your cock-sucking
abilities are unsurpassed.” 
I start to laugh. This is the best he has? This is
child’s—
The pressure on my clit increases and just like that, my
orgasm is back and ready to burst. 
Closing my eyes, I will the pleasure away, barely succeeding
before the growl at my ear returns. “Two, I’ve never met a woman willing to try
and best me. They’re usually after my wallet and they purr and coo and flatter
me, hoping that’s the way to my heart. And the ones who want to get filthy,
demand the money upfront. But not you.”
It’s the most intimate thing he’s shared with me. A
previously undiscovered protective urge rises up inside me, and if I wasn’t so
focused on getting railed at the moment, I might fight to get out of his hold
and embrace him.
But then he pinches my clit, and again, my climax threatens
to overtake me. 
“Three. After the orgasm I’m about to let you have, you’re
going to be permanently indebted to me.”
Without any warning, and without letting up on my clit, he
thrusts his cock inside me, and fucks me at a merciless cadence. My orgasm
crests immediately, raining pleasure on my neural system. His hand tightens at
my windpipe, preventing air from reaching my lungs for several long seconds. My
vision blacks. Stars start to form. My body shakes and seizes and the pleasure
turns to a magnificent euphoria that I’ve never even come close to experiencing
before.
I’m so knocked out by the intensity of my climax, that I’m
barely aware as Steele’s thrusts get faster and uneven and soon he’s groaning
out my name, his body twitching with his own release.
Immediately, his hand falls from my neck and wraps around my
waist, as though he realizes that I’m only still able to stand with his help
and the support of the window. He kisses the back of my neck, then leans his
forehead against my head, matching his breathing to mine as my pulse settles
into a natural rhythm. 
When he pulls out of me several minutes later, I turn around
to watch him tie off the condom, wrap it in a Kleenex and put it in his pocket.
Surprisingly considerate. As though he actually cares and
remembers that this space isn’t my own.
Fuck. I’m going to have to keep him too, aren’t I?
“I have more of those,” he says, gesturing to the condom. “I
think you also mentioned something about on the sofa, you riding me.”
“‘Tits bouncing,’” I confirm.
He holds out his hand, an unspoken offer to escort me to the
couch. My eyes glance past him to the rollaway table and the untouched plate of
steak tartare that I’m once again missing on his behalf. If I get to it right
now, it might still be edible.
When I look back at him, I give him my hand. 
Sex with Steele trumps a divine meal, but only just barely.
Obviously, he’s going to have to owe me.




Epilogue
Six weeks later
 
“...and that’s how all the meetings in your database
automatically get entered on the calendar.” I roll the chair away from the desk
and stand up so Claudette can reclaim her seat.
“That’s absolute magic.” She sits down and looks at me with
gratitude in her eyes. “But you know you don’t have to exchange information
with me every time you want to be worked into Steele’s schedule. He put you on
his ‘Always Priority’ list.”
“No, I really do.” She doesn’t get how Steele and I work,
but nobody does. And that’s okay. 
I look at my watch. “His next meeting’s in an hour, right?”
“Yep.”
“Good.” I told Donovan I was taking a long lunch. If I stick
to Steele’s schedule, I should make it back just before his afternoon starts. 
Probably.
I stop in the restroom before heading into his office to put
on lipstick that will only be smeared off and make sure my hair is extra ready
to be pulled. 
Then I head into his office, without bothering to knock.
“Steele Sebastian, I have a bone to pick with you.”
He’s in his armchair this time, reading something that’s
probably important. As usual, he doesn’t glance up until he’s ready, knowing
that every second he makes me wait just makes me wetter. “I believe I’ve
mentioned this before, but it seems to bear repeating—I only see people by
appointment.”
Ignoring the interruption, I stride forward and put my
heeled foot on the coffee table in front of him. I might lift my skirt a little
too, enough so he can see just a flash of the goods. “I had an interesting
encounter this morning.”
“Oh?” He’s pretending he’s not looking at said goods, but he
definitely is.
“Let me set the scene for you—I’d just gotten out of the
shower and was about to get ready for work.” I don’t officially live
with Steele, but only because he and I don’t officially do anything.
Half of my belongings have made their way over to his apartment over the last
month, and I sleep there more nights than I don’t. Even when I’m already at his
place, he makes every sleepover transactional. Or I do, depending on who
happens to owe who at the moment.
I clearly have more to say, but he interrupts. “You still do
that?” 
“I still do.” 
“Seems you do it real well too, seeing how you’re here in
the middle of the workday instead of behind your desk, where you belong.” 
I don’t let him deter me. “As I was saying, I knew Mindy was
getting groceries, so I was scurrying around in just my panties. Took me
fifteen whole minutes to find my bra.”
“Where was—?”
Annoyed with his interruptions, I interrupt him. “The guest
bath tub.” I pause to remember the antics that got us to that location last
night. The look on his face says he’s recalling it too. “Anyway, I hadn’t had a
chance to put it on yet when I walked out into the hall and bumped into a woman
who introduced herself as Lola.”
His eyes light up. “Lola’s back?” He considers for a minute.
“I thought she had another week. Guess I lost track of time. Wonder what
distracted me?”
I beam because I’m one hundred percent the distraction. 
“I was about to call the police, you know. Or at least the
front desk, until she explained who she was and that she’s been off work for
the last two months because she had breast reconstruction after surviving stage
two cancer. You asshole. You led me to believe you were paying for her to get a
boob job.”
“Technically, she did get a boob job, and I did pay.” He
gives me a naughty grin. “How’d they look?”
“Pretty good, actually. She apparently shows everyone, and
so we compared since mine were already out and all.”
“If they’re better than yours, I can pay for you to have a
boob job as well.”
It’s hard but I manage not to laugh.
Forcing a scowl instead, I climb onto his lap, spreading my
legs so my knees rest outside his thighs. “Good job seeing that lie through
until the very end. But now you know you owe me.”
“Another spanking?”
“This time I think I’d like to spank you.” 
I’m half afraid his masculinity won’t be able to take it.
The man is kinky, but he’s also in charge.
The other half of me isn’t at all surprised when he says,
“How about we make a deal?”
Before he even delivers the terms, I’m smiling. 
I truly do still hate most everyone, but my list of those I
don’t has expanded. 
1. Donovan
2. Most of his business partners.
3. My neighbor, Ashish (who still waters my plants in
exchange for the password to my Netflix account now instead of sex)
4. Doug of Doug’s Diner (who still doesn’t know I exist)
5. And one dirty, filthy billionaire.
 
* * * *
 
Also from 1001 Dark Nights and Laurelin Paige, discover Slash, The
Open Door, Dirty Filthy Fix, Falling Under You, and Man For Me.





Sign up for the 1001 Dark Nights Newsletter
and be entered to win a Tiffany Key necklace.
 
There's a contest every month!
 

 
Click here to subscribe.
 
As a bonus, all subscribers can download FIVE FREE
exclusive books!




Discover
1001 Dark Nights Collection Ten
Click here for more information.
 
DRAGON LOVER by Donna
Grant
A Dragon Kings Novella
 
KEEPING YOU by Aurora
Rose Reynolds
An Until Him/Her Novella
 
HAPPILY EVER NEVER by
Carrie Ann Ryan
A Montgomery Ink Legacy Novella
 
DESTINED FOR ME by Corinne Michaels
A Come Back for Me/Say You’ll Stay Crossover
 
MADAM ALANA by Audrey
Carlan
A Marriage Auction Novella
 
DIRTY FILTHY BILLIONAIRE
by Laurelin Paige
A Dirty Universe Novella
 
HIDE AND SEEK by Laura
Kaye
A Blasphemy Novella
 
TANGLED WITH YOU by J.
Kenner
A Stark Security Novella
 
TEMPTED by Lexi Blake
A Masters and Mercenaries Novella
 
THE DANDELION DIARY by
Devney Perry
A Maysen Jar Novella
 
CHERRY LANE by Kristen
Proby
A Huckleberry Bay Novella
 
THE GRAVE ROBBER by
Darynda Jones
A Charley Davidson Novella
 
CRY OF THE BANSHEE by Heather
Graham
A Krewe of Hunters Novella
 
DARKEST NEED by Rachel
Van Dyken
A Dark Ones Novella
 
CHRISTMAS IN CAPE MAY by Jennifer
Probst
A Sunshine Sisters Novella
 
A VAMPIRE’S MATE by Rebecca Zanetti
A Dark Protectors/Rebels Novella
 
WHERE
IT BEGINS by Helena Hunting
A Pucked Novella

 
Also from Blue Box Press
 
THE MARRIAGE AUCTION by Audrey Carlan
Season One, Volume One
Season One, Volume Two
Season One, Volume Three
Season One, Volume Four
 
THE JEWELER OF STOLEN
DREAMS by M.J. Rose
 
SAPPHIRE STORM by
Christopher Rice writing as C. Travis Rice
A Sapphire Cove Novel
 
ATLAS: THE STORY OF PA
SALT by Lucinda Riley and Harry Whittaker
 
LOVE ON THE BYLINE by Xio Axelrod
A Plays and Players Novel
 
A SOUL OF ASH AND BLOOD
by Jennifer L. Armentrout
A Blood and Ash Novel
 
START US UP by Lexi
Blake
A Park Avenue Promise Novel
 
FIGHTING THE PULL by
Kristen Ashley
A River Rain Novel
 
A FIRE IN THE FLESH by
Jennifer L. Armentrout
A Flesh and Fire Novel




Discover
More Laurelin Paige
Slash: A Slay Series Novella
Click here to purchase.
 
Camilla Fasbender has a secret.
Underneath her posh accent and designer clothes lies the
evidence of her pain.
Every heartbreak, every bad day, every setback has left a
scar.
From behind her camera, she shows the world what to see. And
it isn't her.
Until him.
He sees right through her carefully constructed facade.
And he's going to slash it all to pieces.
 
* * * *
 
The Open Door: A Found Duet Novella
Click here to purchase.
 
I knew JC was trouble the minute I laid eyes on him. 
Breaking every rule in my club. I never forget how he made
me feel that night. With all the women in that room, all those bodies on
display, but his eyes were only on me. 
Of course I married him. Now years have passed. Kids have
been born. We’re still in love as always, and the sex is still fantastic... 
And yet, it’s also not. Like many who’ve been married for a
while, I long for the high intensity of those days of the past. 
I’ve heard rumors for years about the Open Door. An
ultra-exclusive voyeur’s paradise. A place to participate in—or watch—any kind
of display you can imagine. 
My husband’s eyes would still be on me. And maybe other eyes
too. If that’s what we want. 
So when an invitation to come play arrives, how could we
turn it down?
 
* * * *
 
Dirty Filthy Fix: A Fixed Trilogy Novella
Click here to purchase.
 
I like sex. Kinky sex. The kinkier the better.
Every day, it’s all I think about as I serve coffee and hand
out business agendas to men who have no idea I’m not the prim, proper girl they
think I am.
With a day job as the secretary to one of New York’s most
powerful men, Hudson Pierce, I have to keep my double life quiet. As long as I
do, it’s not a problem.
Enter: Nathan Sinclair. Tall, dark and handsome doesn’t come
close to describing how hot he is. And that’s with his clothes on. But after a
dirty, filthy rendezvous, I accept that if we ever see each other again,
he’ll walk right by my desk on his way to see my boss without recognizing me.
Only, that’s not what happens. Not the first time I see him
after the party. Or the next time. Or the time after that. And as much as I try
to stop it, my two worlds are crashing into each other, putting my job and my
reputation at risk.
And all I can think about is Nathan Sinclair.
All I can think about is getting just one more dirty, filthy
fix.
 
* * * *
 
Falling Under You: A Fixed Trilogy
Novella
Click here to purchase.
 
Norma Anders has always prided herself on her intelligence
and determination. She climbed out of poverty, put herself through school and
is now a chief financial advisor at Pierce Industries. She’s certainly a woman
who won’t be topped. Not in business anyway.
But she’s pretty sure she’d like to be topped in the bedroom.
Unfortunately most men see independence and ambition in a
woman and they run. Even her dominant boss, Hudson Pierce, has turned down her
advances, leaving her to fear that she will never find the lover she’s longing
for.
Then the most unlikely candidate steps up. Boyd, her
much-too-young and oh-so-hot assistant, surprises her one night with bold
suggestions and an authoritative demeanor he’s never shown her in the office.
It’s a bad idea…such a deliciously bad idea…but
when Boyd takes the reins and leads her to sensual bliss she’s never known, the
headstrong Norma can’t help but fall under his command.
 
* * * *
 
Man For Me: A Man In Charge Novella
Click here to purchase.
 
Brett Sebastian is the very best kind of friend.
Who else would get me a job at one of the biggest
corporations in America?
And hook me up with his uber-rich cousin to boot?
And let me cry on his shoulder every time said cousin blows
me off?
Okay, it’s pretty obvious that Brett cares about me in a different
way than I do for him, but he seems fine with how things are, and our
friendship works.
Until one fateful night when I'm mooning over his cousin,
and Brett utters four words that should make me happy for him, should make me
relieved, should balance out our uneven relationship:
“I met a girl.”
Suddenly my world is crashing down around me, and I’m forced
to ask myself—am I only interested in Brett now that he’s taken?
Or have I been looking at the wrong man all along?




Brutal Billionaire
Brutal Billionaires Book 1
By Laurelin Paige
Click here to
purchase.
 
 
As the new CEO of Sebastian News Corp, Holt Sebastian has
the power to give Brystin Shaw her dream career. But at what cost? Find out in
Brutal Billionaire.
 
He’ll get what he wants—even if I’m already taken.
 
Holt Sebastian is royalty in our world.
As CEO of the Sebastian News Corp, he’s the man with all the
power. The man who decides if I’ll always just be a local television anchor or
if I’ll be the rising star of my own show.
I make it my mission to be noticed. Make him see my
potential. But soon, it's clear he's the one in charge.
His possessiveness is brutal.
His eyes own everything they touch. I feel his gaze on me
when he's in the room. The heat of them as they rake down my body, taking me
in, marking me as his. He doesn’t just want me on the screen—he wants me in his
bed. 
And Holt Sebastian gets what he wants.
No one will stop him, no one will get in his way.
No one can protect me from his desire.
Not even the man who promised nothing would come between us
and his ambition—my husband.
 
Laurelin Paige delivers a twist on Indecent Proposal
in this billionaire workplace standalone romance featuring elements of fake
relationship, marriage of convenience, enemies to lovers, and a new alphahole
readers will love to hate.
 
* * * *
 
“Come on, Brystin. It’s a long walk, but it’s a short ride.
Hop up.” Without warning, his hands come down on my waist, directing me where
to stand, and even through the thin layer of my tank and the thickness of his
leather gloves, I feel heat. The kind of heat that happens low in the belly.
The kind of heat that leads to trouble.
Yeah this is a real bad idea.
But considering how I have no good excuse, it’s also a bad
idea to refuse. Just for different reasons.
“Okay. Sure.” He helps me put my foot into the holster, and
I try not to think about the way his hands linger on my ass when he helps push
me up to the saddle. Instantly, my shorts are riding up my butt crack. “I
should have worn jeans.”
The comment only draws Holt’s attention to my legs, but he
misinterprets my reasoning. “I’m sure I’ll keep you warm.”
“That wasn’t. I meant.” Do I really want to explain what’s
happening with my panties? It doesn’t help that now I have goosebumps sprouting
down my skin. From the attention, not the cold. “Okay.” 
I’m burning from embarrassment, but yeah, okay. 
And then Holt climbs on the horse—not in front of me, but
behind me. On a saddle meant for one. “Oh.”
“It will be a tight fit.” His body practically encases me.
His arms come around my center, his thighs hug my hips, and since I’m sure he
intended the double entendre, my mind is so completely in the gutter. “But
we’ll make it work.”
Make it work means that I’m pretty much sitting on
him. I try to adjust, moving myself forward so that my weight is on my thighs,
but he pulls me back against him. “You’re good like this,” he says. His words
are hot at my ear, and he was right—if I was cold before, I’m definitely not
now.
“Are you sure? You can’t be comfortable.” I squirm, trying
to somehow make more room.
“Brystin. I’m good.” His voice is even deeper than usual.
“Trust me.”
Then I feel it. 
I feel exactly how good he is. How blessed he is,
anyway, because I’m pretty damn positive that the bulge against my ass has
grown. A lot. 
All that money and power and God thought Holt Sebastian also
needed a big dick. 
Life is officially not fair.




Discover
the World Of 1001 Dark Nights
Collection One
 
Collection Two
 
Collection Three
 
Collection Four
 
Collection Five
 
Collection Six
 
Collection Seven
 
Collection Eight
 
Collection Nine
 
Bundles
 
Discovery Authors
 
Blue Box Press
 
Rising
Storm
 
Liliana Hart's MacKenzie Family
 
Lexi Blake's Crossover Collection
 
Kristen Proby's Crossover Collection




On
Behalf of 1001 Dark Nights,
Liz Berry, M.J. Rose, and Jillian Stein would like to thank
~
Â 
Steve Berry
Doug Scofield
Benjamin Stein
Kim Guidroz
Tanaka Kangara
Asha Hossain
Chris Graham
Chelle Olson
Kasi Alexander
Jessica Saunders
Stacey Tardif
Dylan Stockton
Kate Boggs
Richard Blake
and Simon Lipskar


