
I Choose You
Book Three of The Billionaire Brothers Series



S. Ann Cole



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved.
  Copyright © 2013 S. Ann Cole

Without limiting the rights under copyright(s) reserved above and below, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior permission of the copyright owner. Making or distributing electronic copies of this book constitutes copyright infringement and could subject the infringer to criminal and civil liability.
The scanning, uploading, and distributing of this book via the internet or via any other means without the permission of the copyright owner is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Brief passages may be quoted for review purposes if credit is given to the copyright holder. Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.
Cover by S. Ann Cole




    Table of Contents
  

Author’s note:


Dedication


Appetizer


Acknowledgement


Chapter 1

Angel’s Feather



Chapter 2

The ‘B’ Word



Chapter 3

Ineligible



Chapter 4

Choosing Her



Chapter 5

Nothing Complicated



Chapter 6

You Bit Me



Chapter 7

Undo Me



Chapter 8

Contemplating



Chapter 9

K. Kingston


Breathing



Chapter 10

Outside Inside



Chapter 11

On Sarah’s Watch



Chapter 12

Mark Me



Chapter 13

Trev’s



Chapter 14

Sweet Sins



Chapter 15

Unexpected



Chapter 16

A Need for Speed



Chapter 17

Sarah’s



Chapter 18

Drive Me Wild



Chapter 19

Falling



Chapter 20

The First Wife



Chapter 21

Taking what’s Mine



Chapter 22

Pansy or Alpha?



Chapter 23

Screwed



Chapter 24

Shattered



Chapter 25

Bad Girl



Chapter 26

What, What, and WHAT??



Chapter 27

Taken



Chapter 28

What Happens to Bad People?



Chapter 29

Staying



Chapter 30

Assholes = One Chance



Chapter 31

Mr. Hopeless



Chapter 32

Island Lovin’



Chapter 33

Carpe Diem



Chapter 34

Chapter One



Series Epilogue

The Nelsons’ Happily Ever After


Natalio & Sadie


Love & Axia


Trev & Krissy

Part 1



Trev & Krissy

Part 2



Father Nelson



About The Author


Contact Ann


For The Reader




Author’s note:

I Choose You is the third book of the Billionaire Brothers Series, but even so, it is a standalone. Therefore, you needn’t read the previous two before reading I Choose You.
This book ends the series, so there is a bonus at the end: a Series Epilogue.
If you have not read the previous two books, you may just skip along to the ‘Trev and Krissy’ epilogue — that’s if you don’t want to read about the other couples.
Whether this story works for you or not, I appreciate you taking the time to read it.
And, oh…
Happy reading!



Dedication


For all the one-woman soldiers out there, treading life’s rocky roads on their own. This is to let you know, you are not alone.
Never stop believing in yourself because others have stopped believing in you. Everyone, that includes you, has their season.
Just wait…

~

Success is counted sweetest
By those who ne’er succeed.
To comprehend a nectar
Requires sorest need.
—Emily Dickinson




Appetizer





Broken Wing
(Written in Shakespearean English)
by: S. Ann Cole
Angel,
Perfection is thy name.
But, Angel,
Why art thou maim?

Angel,
You were sent to mend.
But, Angel,
Why on I doth thou depend?

Angel,
I await from thee my token.
Wait, Angel,
Art thou wing truly broken?

Angel,
I art a sinner,
I art a mortal,
I art too blemished
For thy perfection

But, Angel,
If thou sayest
Thou art imperfect
I’ll mend thy wing
To thy satisfaction.

And, Angel,
If thou druthers
To stay impaired,
I’ll give thee a smile
For being as guile

Because, Angel,
I stumbled in love
Upon first sight,
With an eye of flaw
With emotions raw.

Angel,
I prithee,
Say thou art imperfect,
So I can free thee,
And make thee my perfect…

Mortal.



Chapter 1
T. Nelson
Angel’s Feather
His name was Trevillo Marco-Dean Nelson.
And he was a hellion.
Okay, okay, he wasn’t really a hellion. But people tended to refer to him as such; he merely acknowledged it being said.
Rakehell, miscreant, asshole, Devil Boy were just a few of the disparaging names he’d been dubbed. For the life of him, though, he couldn’t understand why.
He wasn’t a bad person. Not to himself, at least. He was an extremely wealthy man who provided jobs and opportunities for a decent living for thousands of people around the globe. He governed incalculable charities, fed the poor, clothed the unclothed, and helped the underprivileged. For heaven’s sake, he rebuilt an entire parish after that bitch of a hurricane twirled her destructive little skirt tail across several states and uprooted a vast amount of lives and homes. Talk about ‘home-wrecker’.
So, you see? He wasn’t too bad. Actually, he considered himself as normal as any other human being.
There were just two (2, dos) small (teeny, tiny) defects of his — or unredeemable habits, one could say, that made truly normal people deem him rotten:
One, he fucking swore a lot.
Two, he was a proud enabler of adultery and consciously steered clear of any female sector whose ages were below his on the calendar.
Did it make him a hellion because he enjoyed spraying F-bombs on everyone like a swear-word confetti gun? Or because he enjoyed dating screwing around with women who were five to ten years his senior, married, engaged, or otherwise entangled?
No? He didn’t think so either.
It’s not like he was strapping goddamn bombs to his chest, robbing banks, blowing up airplanes, hitting on pregnant women, peeping through little boys’ windows with his dick in his hand, or sending naked pictures of himself to underage vaginas …
Guess the world saw him in a different light than he did. To himself, he was just Trevillo Marco-Dean Nelson: a good guy. A really good guy.
You’ll see. Then, perhaps, you’ll agree.
At present, he was trapped within the confinements of his office with his gayer of the gayest male assistant, Milo, browsing through potential design plans for one of his new tower loft constructions. And he was scowling with sheer displeasure. The designs were drafted by one of his best designers; yet, they came across as trite and uninspiring.
With a sharp shake of his head, Trevillo leaned back in his comfortable leather chair, “I’m done.”
Milo glanced at him from across his large oak desk, brows raised. “You’re cutting her? Sarah James is your supposedly ‘best’ designer. You’ve been using her on all the top projects for years.”
“Exactly. And now she’s grown comfortable, which has rendered her predictable. She keeps recreating the same thing every time. I need newness. Innovation. Daring designs. Sarah’s just not delivering anymore.”
Milo nodded in agreement.
An exceptional assistant for the last five years, he was about five feet four inches short, with a wiry frame and a gay attitude. He kept his hair trimmed in a spiky blonde Mohawk, had a wide gauge piercing on one ear and a cage piercing on the other.
Trevillo didn’t force him to wear a three-piece suit — he himself detested suits — he permitted Milo to wear whatever he wanted, so Milo was always dressed in his customary steel-toed boots, tight jeans with studded belts, and stretchy rocker T-shirts.
Many times, he was asked why he hired a freak for an assistant. A careless shrug would always be his reply. Why not hire a freak for an assistant?
See, Trevillo Nelson was unconventional in every sense of the word, so he was perpetually doing the opposite of whatever was expected. Screw world order. He was rich, he was powerful, he was the boss, and he could do whatever the hell he wanted. Some called it rebellion, but he called it shitting-on-dumb-ass-rules.
Milo wasn’t a freak, anyway. He was just gay.
“That’s true. However, you can’t drop Sarah at this moment. The Skylark penthouses, or shells, are already two months behind your planned schedule, and they need to be completed and crossed off the list. You’ve got a lot of food crowding your already laden table, so you need to clear some of these small dishes before the big ones start falling off and smashing into pieces.
“Taking a chance on a different designer — who you’d be putting a helluva strain and pressure on, by the way — to get these penthouses ready on time, might not be the smartest idea right now. You can always dump Sarah after this project.”
That was the answer he never offered to people who inquired about his freak of an assistant. Milo wasn’t a mere assistant. Milo kept things leveled, pointing out the obvious to him when he was being blind and irrational.
Being the boss didn’t deter Milo from telling him point blank when he thought he was sticking his head too far up his ass. Milo knew his shit better than those sniffy punks in sharp charcoal suits.
So, there you have it, he hired a weird, gay assistant because he kicked ass … or licked it … or sticked it … or all the above.
“You’re right, Milo. But as you know, these apartments are unfairly overpriced. They’re all sold out because pompous buyers are expecting something above what’s already out there. This,” Trevillo said, turning around his laptop to face Milo, “is average. The same ole’ shit that’s been in Sarah’s last three projects, with just a slight difference.
“You know what kind of customers I have. Customers who never question price because they know The Dean’s Realty always delivers. If each new building doesn’t transcend in creativity, notices will be made that I’m a fucking dickwad with my prices. Which I am, of course. But, who gives a shit about the price tag as long as they’re happy with the product? Sarah’s not gonna work.”
Milo glanced at the computer screen and shrugged. “So what’re you going to do, then? Want me to send out notification emails to the buyers, informing them completion dates are being pushed back a few months? It’s construction. I’m pretty sure they’ll understand that shit happens sometimes.”
“Shit happens. But not with me. I’ve got a rep to maintain.” Trevillo rubbed his forehead in thought. “Who do I have that can deliver this project on time with a commendable design?”
Milo raised a censorious brow, “All your designers are not just good, but great at what they do, or else they wouldn’t be working for you. You’re the one who chose to put Sarah above everyone else because she brought in praises for the Lions penthouses she designed a few years back. That doesn’t mean she’s better than anyone else. It’s just the hype you gave her.”
Trevillo shot him a disgusted look. “Are you my goddamn assistant or my consultant? You’ve got too much to say, dude.”
Milo smirked. “And you listen. Because you know whenever I open my mouth, it’s not hog shit spraying out.”
Trevillo waved him off. “So? Who do we have?”
“The design department of The Dean’s Realty has 110 interior designers. So the answer to that is ‘you have a lot’. The real question is ‘who’s not working on a project at the moment?’.”
Trevillo glared across his desk with a look that told his assistant if he didn’t cut the excessive chatting, he was going to knock his ass out. Cold.
Milo burst out laughing and held his hands up in surrender. “Alright, alright. Lemme check.”
He flipped open his MacBook and tapped a few keys, while Trevillo opened a drawer on his desk and retrieved his stress ball. He wanted out of this damn office.
“Okay, so everyone’s contracted, but a handful will be available soon. Lisa Monroe will be free from the Barley project in four weeks. Katy Lesley will be free from an addition at Crissida Cove in two weeks, and Krissan Kingston will be free from the Jamz nightclub project in two days.”
“Whoever’s closest to being available, Milo. Christ.”
“That would be Krissan Kingston, but she specializes in commercial venues, nightclubs, etcetera. Would be better to wait on Katy Lesley.”
“No one without versatility would be hired in my company, Milo. Unless you’re telling me I need to fire the manager of the design department for hiring inept workers?” he asked sternly. “She must’ve worked on some residential projects before. Pull up her profile. Check.”
Milo tapped around on his MacBook again then shrugged and slid it across the desk to him. “This is her work on Willow Land from two years ago. That’s the last house project she did.”
Trevillo leaned forward and clicked through the designs. There wasn’t anything awe-inspiring. But then, that was two years ago. If he remembered clearly, people were more than happy with the Willow Land town homes. “Where’s the flaw?”
Milo rolled his eyes and gave an exaggerated sigh. “Mr. Nelson, all your designers are worthy. It’s you who favored Sarah above everyone.”
“This Krissan person it is, then. She’ll just need a little pressure and brow-beating to understand the importance of being assigned to projects like Skylark.”
Trevillo didn’t think putting pressure on any interior designer of his was even necessary. Once someone was called to his office to be directly hired by him, common sense should tell them that their best was required. Being contracted for a high-end TDR project meant one expectation: success. His penthouses were bought by people with status. Somebodies. And that was all his designers needed to understand when handed their marching orders.
“Well, she’s been turning down contracts for residential work. Like I said, she’s only doing commercial venues.”
“She works for me. If I want her to design my damn apartments, she’s going to design them or get sacked.”
“Technically, you’re her boss’s boss’s boss.”
“Which spells: BOSS.”
“She — ”
“Too much fucking lip, Milo! Go. Now. Find out if she’s in today, and have Mike send her up.”
Milo got up and brought his hand to his forehead in a salute gesture. “Yessir.” He swaggered toward the door with his anti-male gait and said, “I bet you have no idea what Krissan Kingston even looks like,” then hurried out the door before he could respond.
Aside from his main team, Trevillo didn’t see the need to give a squat about knowing his workers. He was rarely ever in one place for too long, anyway.
He came in to the office only on Mondays and Wednesdays for meetings and major issues, because frankly, he hated being in an office. Everything else was left for his trusted team to sort out. Papers and numbers bored him.
Trevillo was a physical man. He preferred to see what words and numbers translated into. Therefore, the bulk of his time was spent on his work sites. Traveling, viewing, purchasing, making deals in unconventional, staying-out-of-offices and sleep-inducing-meetings kinds of ways.
That’s what made him him. He did things his own way, on his own terms. Society could create whatever rules it wanted. Just don’t expect Trevillo Nelson to follow them. Sitting in an office sifting through emails and sending proxies to do the physical work didn’t pan out for him. Offices made him feel caged. So he stayed out of them. Just as he did with relationships with the opposite sex.
Ten minutes later, Milo returned to his office with a petite little thing in tow. “Miss Krissan Kingston as you requested, sir,” he announced with mock formality, which was rather inharmonious with his Mohawk-hair and tight-jeans. “You can do this, Krissy K,” he whispered to the tiny figure beside him.
“Do what?” she asked.
But Milo turned and left without a word.
Confusion etched on her face, she looked to Trevillo. “A pleasant good afternoon, Mr. Nelson. It’s quite an, um, honor to be in your presence. May I ask what this is about? Did I do something wrong? Was there a complaint about me or something?”
Trevillo didn’t answer right away, because he was waiting on his brain to explain to him why the fuck he was all but paralyzed in his seat. Why he was staring without so much as blinking at this ethereal girl standing in his office.
This girl, who was like a falling feather from an angel’s wing. She seemed too delicate and unreal to be a complete angel. No, she was a pluck of a feather from an angel’s wing — an imperfect angel, that is. A sacrosanct white feather floating on the wind.
As aforementioned, Trevillo was a man who didn’t care for younger women. Tried his damnedest to avoid them and their hearts and chocolates and love poems bullshit at all costs. If a woman was any younger than his own age, bedding them was out of the question. Neither did he sleep with single, available women – any age. The ‘I want more’ talk, he wasn’t up for it.
Of course, he got hard for younger women; he was a man, after all. But he’d never before seen a young woman who struck him speechless. Not only was this woman young, she was petite and looked delicate in every possible way a woman could be.
Trevillo estimated her height without heels to be around five feet one or so. Though she was slender, her breasts were full, and her hips curved out tauntingly, leaving her waist looking sinfully slim. He figured he could easily span her with one arm and still leave room.
Her light blonde hair was cut low on her head, but with thick sharp bangs sweeping across her forehead. With her hair that low, he was able to appreciate her long, slim neck — a neck he was imagining himself trailing his tongue all over …
Her lips were a deep cherry-red, and he couldn’t tell if she was wearing that glossy crap women put on their lips, or if they were natural. An exotic blue, her eyes seemed unreal — a strong meet between cerulean and sapphire blue, so bright, they were her most prominent feature.
For a normal work day, Trevillo thought she was overdressed, as her small frame was clothed in a short red skirt, a gray silk blouse, and a pair of skin-tight black boots meeting the hem of her skirt. She was adorned with large, gold hoop earrings and some showy gold crap on her wrists. Fake accessories, for sure. She couldn’t afford such large pieces of gold. He deduced she was one of those girls who liked to play dress-up.
Unable to help it, his eyes drifted to her fingers to check if she wore her nails long or clipped, and his unruly dick hardened when he saw they were fairly long and painted blood-red.
‘Sas Christ, who the heck was this girl?
“Mr. Nelson?” she called, in a soft, whispery voice, like lace sliding against silk.
Just like her eyes, her voice was unusual, sensual, like nothing he’d heard before. Apart from her attire, she looked young, innocent, fragile. Her age couldn’t even be guessed; she could easily pass for an eighteen year old.
“How long have you been working for me?” he asked in an unintentionally gruff voice.
Her perfectly plucked brows knitted in a frown, which told him she was wondering what kind of question was that. Probably thinking he should know these things, but he wasn’t God. Kudos to any businessman out there who knew all their workers’ resumes by heart.
“Five years. Right out of college, I interned in DD for a year until Mike Levi offered me a position.”
“How old are you?”
She gave him a leery look. He knew the age question was a forbidden question in the workplace, let alone for most women, but he needed to know.
“Twenty-five,” she answered, quickly adding, “I turn twenty-six in three months.”
“Cancer or Leo?” he whispered.
Why the hell did he just ask that? And why did it come out as a whisper?! The fuck?
The angel’s feather took a small step backwards, watching him warily as if she expected him to pounce on her at any minute. “Leo. Um, I’m just going to be honest with you: I’m hella nervous right now. Getting called to your office is like getting called to the Principal’s office in high school. It’s never good news.”
Trevillo almost smiled. She was nervous. And she was cute. A downright sexy combination that had his snake head rearing up in its cage.
“Relax, Miss Kingston. You’re not endangered. You were summoned here to be informed of your new contract. That is, the Skylark project.”
Taking another step backwards, her eyes widened.
Damn those eyes.
“What? No!” Instantly, her hand flew to her mouth at her outburst, and then she said in more polite manner, “I mean, I can’t.”
Arching a brow at her audacity, he figured it was time to snap out of his school-boy lusting. “May I ask what sane person tries to turn down a contract for a high-end project coming directly from me?”
“Aside from the fact that I’m currently contracted on a nightclub, I-I don’t specialize in residential projects. Let alone tower lofts and penthouses.”
Staring back at her, Trevillo realized she was genuinely frightened by the idea of working on a project this big. Which was both unfathomable and unacceptable. A designer is a designer. Whether it’s a club, house, store, office … designers design.
“Miss Kingston, if we have given you a position here at The Dean’s Realty after your internship, then it’s because you fit the criteria of everything we look for in our designers. We don’t hire inept idiots or cowards. Also, if I have called you to my office to speak to you in person — which is a rarefied action — then it’s because I’ve seen your work and believe that you can suit my needs. Are you a coward, Miss Kingston? Are you inept?”
“No, but I — ”
“Your current contract is up in two days. On Friday, you will be taken to Skylark’s work site so you can view what you will be working with. If you prefer a virtual tour of the building emailed to you instead, no problem. Seven days is all I’m giving you to create your designs. I need three different options to choose from. Please bear in mind the type of project that Skylark is. The best requires nothing but the best.”
She took a step forward this time, her hands clasped under her chin. “Please, Mr. Nelson, I ca — ”
“Do you remember when I said you weren’t endangered, Miss Kingston? It was only but a minute ago.”
“Yes,” she said with caution.
“Well, I lied. If you turn this down, then you’ve automatically relinquished your position here at The Dean’s Realty. You also will not receive any referrals from this company when you try to seek another employment.”
She shifted her gaze and fixated it on his topaz birthstone that had a real scorpion embedded inside it, sitting proudly on his desk, used as a paperweight. Worrying her lower lip, she watched the stone for a long while, then sighed in defeat. “Okay. But, can I at least have two weeks to — ”
“Seven days, Miss Kingston,” he clipped, leaving no room for debate. “You’re dismissed.”
Nodding, she turned and slipped through the door.
Trevillo watched the door long after she went through it, every feature of the peculiar girl who was just standing in his office burned into his mind: from her exotic blue eyes to her plump red lips to her whispery voice …
An ache throbbed below, telling him it needed some attention, or it would blow. Leaning back in his chair, he adjusted his crotch to ease the ache.
Who was that girl?
She was young. Twenty-five. So why was he so goddamn affected? The last time this shit happened with a younger woman, it was with his brother’s fiancée. Even then, it wasn’t this bad. No woman had ever rendered him speechless or temporarily paralyzed before, younger or older. None. So much so that he’d just sat there and shamelessly raped her with his eyes.
Talk about unprecedented.
Trevillo glanced down at the bulge in his pants and sighed. He needed to sort this shit out. A press of a button on the receiver connected him to Milo. “How may I help you now, sir?”
He could hear sarcasm in the jackass’s voice, but he hadn’t the time to deal with Milo’s BS right now. “Is Marie in?”
“Out for lunch.”
“Lisa Pinnock?”
“Out for lunch, too.”
“Who isn’t out for lunch?”
“Nira Simmonds and Felice Gimbs are still in.” Milo fake coughed while he garbled, “inappropriate.”
Trevillo ignored it. Yes, he was that kind of man. He shit where he ate and had absolutely no qualms about it. “Grab Nira for me.”
“Mind if I ask how things went with Krissy K?” He could almost sense the sonuvabitch smirking on the end.
“Piss off, asshole — wait, you’re acquainted with her?”
“Who isn’t? She’s like the queen of fashion. We consult her for fashion tips all the time.”
“Yet you still dress like a queer douchebag?”
“I am queer, and I’m most certainly a douchebag. So that means I’m getting it right.”
“Just send Nira in and shut the hell up, cock breath.”
A few balls-aching minutes later, Nira walked through his office door. Brunette, tall, shapeless figure, she wasn’t anywhere near the angel’s feather who had left him with this hard-on, but any mouth would do at the moment.
“You wanted to see me, Mr. Nelson?”
Trevillo swiveled his chair away from his desk and shot her a side-long glance. “Yeah. How’s Mr. Simmonds recovering?”
“He’s alright. Still beside himself that he’s been able to overcome his surgery. So kind of you to ask,” she smiled sweetly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don’t really give a shit.
“And your son?” he asked, leaning forward to shrug out of his jacket.
“Oh, just amazing. He’s on the honor roll!”
Out of things to ask, Trevillo jumped straight to her purpose as he started to undo his belt buckle. “I’ve got something I need you to take care of for me.”
Nira’s eyes lowered as she watched him undo his fly and freed his length, rock-hard and throbbing. Her pink tongue darted over her lips, and without another word, she sashayed across his office, around his desk, and sank down to her knees.
Head tossed back, Trevillo breathed a satisfying sigh when Nira’s wet lips wrapped around him.



Chapter 2
K. Kingston
The ‘B’ Word
I woke up to a sunny Friday morning, and Fear was still sleeping on the other side of my bed. Ever since the visit to Trevillo Nelson’s office on Monday afternoon, I’d been nothing but a big, crumpled ball of nerves. The man was assigning me to one of his top-of-the-line projects, and that alone was frightening.
Trevillo Nelson was the real estate tycoon, crowned king of this business. Anything he did was incontestable, turned to gold. He topped it all. Didn’t do normal. Didn’t do typical. Every tower loft, high-rise, gated community he built stood out from the rest, his signature recognized.
This project he assigned to me was what we considered one of his ‘success projects’ — sold out long before construction even began, because buildings such as those were constructed for a certain set of people: politicians, movie stars, celebrities, etcetera. Other normal projects were what designers like me usually got contracted on. Projects affordable to the middle-class.
We’re required to be innovative and unique so that work done by TDR employees stood out from others, but we did so without the constant pressure to go all-out extraordinary, make-it-to-the-magazines crazy. To make it worse, I hated working on residential contracts. Commercial was where I shined. All commercial contracts came directly to me, because everyone else in the design department at TDR shied away from them.
The Dean’s Realty was a rather large company with all things real estate under one roof, ranging from interior designers to development and construction.
Being an interior designer, I worked in the design department (DD) under my boss, Mike Levi. Mr. Levi’s boss’s boss was Trevillo Nelson. Therefore, employees like myself almost never got to meet face to face with the head man. Aside from business news, business magazines or Internet blasts, I’d never before yesterday seen the man in person. So one must imagine the utter shock and confusion I was in when I was summoned to his office. Right up to the 39th floor.
Before then, I’d never been past the 5th floor.
Then, when I entered his imposing office, the way he stared at me sent my nerves into overdrive. His blue gaze was searing, raking me over from head to toe. Whether he was leering or glaring is still in question.
Trevillo Nelson carried a hard, intimidating demeanor with a hint of wickedness. One could look scrutinizingly at him and detect, beneath that sophisticated suit of his, a barrel load of danger.
Full-on danger.
The kind of danger that’ll leave a girl traumatized, with PTSD, with a leaking, porous heart. Trevillo Nelson himself resembled danger.
But that wasn’t for me to care about. A job I wasn’t too ecstatic about was still waiting for me to start. That’s what I should care about.
It’s not as if I’d never done houses before. I had. It was the weight and pressure and high expectations that came along with working on projects like Skylark that scared the bejesus out of me. Meeting those assumptions would be damn hard. Those contracts were for the bigger heads, like Sarah James.
In fact, Sarah James had been working on all the major projects for the last couple of years. Now, out of the blue, I was picked to work on a project she should was working on? That’s where I was baffled.
My theory is they were running behind schedule and just needed the next available designer. There was no other reason I could come up with for why I was chosen when I haven’t accepted a house project in two years. And now, if I didn’t deliver, I risked losing my job.
“Oh, God,” I mumbled as I rolled out of bed.
Trundling to the bathroom to freshen up, I raked my fingers through my choppy blonde hair and noted the bangs were growing a bit too long. Marsha would be receiving a visit from me real soon to shape them up and add some highlights.
My hair used to be eighteen inches of near-white blondness, but it was too thin and wouldn’t hold curls. When I added extensions, they only rendered me an itchy scalp with dandruff galore. Fed up one day, I just sat in Marsha’s salon chair and ordered her to chop it all off. Everyone fell in love with the short haircut, and since then it’s been my signature look. Sometimes I let it grow out and go all pixy girl for awhile, and sometimes I cut it extremely low and bleach it platinum-blonde. In addition, I had full, plump lips that were abnormally red, so whenever I went platinum-blonde, the look rocked.
After freshening up, I headed downstairs, praying that Jahleel was up and preparing breakfast and not busy cutting an early morning round with his bimbo of the moment. I couldn’t cook to save my life, so I relied on him to feed me.
A satisfying smile pulled at my lips when I entered his kitchen and found him flipping pancakes.
“Morning,” I sang as I took up residence on a stool at the breakfast bar.
Jahleel glanced over his shoulder and flashed me his signature crooked grin. “Mornin’, bad girl. Just pancakes and eggs. Feelin’ too lazy for anything healthier.”
“Lazy or fucked-out, whore?”
He chuckled. “It’s because I’m fucked-out why I’m feelin’ lazy.”
Jahleel Kingston was my brother. Well, kind of. Because I could only think of him as my brother in my head, otherwise I’d earn a cold stare and an “I’m not your fucking brother!” barked at me. However, on paper, we were brother and sister.
At six months old, my parents decided they no longer wanted a child and left me on a beach close to the shore. I was found soaking wet and hollering like the baby I was. Crash after crash of ocean waves washed over me, but didn’t move me. Neither did the waves drown me. I guess my parents figured a big old wave would wash me away, which was stupid. They could’ve just tossed my wailing ass in the ocean. Even a running river would’ve been better.
Idiots.
To cut a long story I don’t care a crap about short — even though it’s my sad story — I was found by whomever and brought wherever and when I wasn’t claimed, they thought whatever and threw me in foster care. So I grew up in a tiny apartment with around ten other brats and a mean old witch for a foster care mother.
At six years of age, Jahleel’s parents adopted me and my other brother, Trey. They wanted more kids, but didn’t want to repeat the long process of giving birth, nursing and nurturing, and waiting for them to grow. They wanted immediate noise and liveliness in their home. As a result, they went out and got themselves two ready-made kids: Trey and I. Plus it gave them a good rep in the public eye.
Howard and Elizabeth Kingston were world-renown religious figures who owned the Kingston Faith Ministries. They aired weekly on a Christian channel, toured the world from Africa to Israel, feeding the poor and healing the sick and whatever else God’s people did to get through the pearly gates.
So, yeah, we grew up in church, drowning in the word of the Bible and daily two hour long prayer meetings. Still, Jahleel and I were unreformable. He’d taken to me the minute the Kingstons brought me into their home. We grew close. Closer than normal, more affectionate than normal. We were kindred spirits who simply loved each other. And while Trey was busy trying to please his new parents and answering all the questions in Bible study sessions, Jahleel and I sneaked around listening to ‘worldly’ music and watching ‘worldly’ music videos with half-naked video vixens.
While I was fascinated with decorating and designing, Jahleel loved dancing. One could tell Jahleel was born to dance; he only got to watch and practice dance moves when our parents were away, yet he was like the greatest dancer alive. Jahleel ate, slept and breathed dancing.
When he told his parents what he wanted to do with his life, they weren’t having it. So he decided to leave. At nineteen, he left the comfort of his parents’ mansion and went out on his own. He was admitted into a dance academy, and not too long after, got a job teaching dance classes on the side to make ends meet, since the Kingstons had cut him off.
Not a single day passed when he didn’t call me. Until one day he told me flat-out he needed me by his side. I think his exact words were: “I need you everywhere in my life, Krissy. In every space, every inch, all up in my air. I need you by my side. Please. Please, come and stay with me.”
There was no second thought about it. I loved Jahleel more than I loved my adoptive parents. So one Sunday, I feigned being sick to opt out of going to church, and as soon the Kingstons were gone, I packed up and ran off to live with Jahleel in his dingy apartment. We downgraded from our posh life to a tiny apartment. But it didn’t matter because we were happy to be ourselves.
A couple of months later, our parents found out where we were staying. As they barged into the apartment, Jahleel shoved me behind him, telling them he wouldn’t allow them to take me from him. But as usual, the Kingstons were calm and humble and told him they weren’t there to take me back home. Besides, I’d just turned eighteen and was old enough to make my own decisions. However, they weren’t comfortable with our impoverished living, so they offered us a house.
They bought us this grand modernistic split-level home and had it redesigned so that the top floor would be mine, with two bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms, kitchen and living area. The same was downstairs for Jahleel, so neither of us would be in each other’s way.
The Kingstons decided there wasn’t much of anything they could do to turn us from our ‘worldly’ desires. They assured us they would continue to pray for us until we came back to God(as though we were ever with God to begin with).
Trey Kingston avoided us. Wanting to follow in our parents’ footsteps, he acquired his Bachelor of Theology and M. Min. Degree, became actively involved within the Kingston Faith Ministries, and traveled the world with them.
But Jahleel, he was a superstar.
Okay, I’m exaggerating. Even though in my eyes, he was. And I was proud of him. Jahleel was a successful dance choreographer for pop stars, rock stars, all kind of stars. They all wanted him. To choreograph them, that is.
A few months after we moved into to our new home, he landed a job as a back-up dancer for an über-famous R&B artiste, that had him traveling a lot, making serious cash. After a year, he’d managed to purchase a small studio and began choreographing as a side job. A year after that, he blew up. The R&B artiste he’d worked for rated him so highly, he began recommending Jahleel to others, selling him.
And Jahleel never disappointed. Now, he was demanded. He had a bigger studio. Bigger clients. Bigger bucks.
Remember when I said I was proud of him? Yeah, I still am.
“You stayin’ home, or you still workin’ on that club?” Jahleel asked as he placed a cup of coffee in front of me.
“I finished the club two days ago. Thought I’d be able to get at least a one week break before I got assigned again … ” I took a sip of my coffee as another shiver of fear washed over me. “But you won’t believe what happened the other day.”
“What?” he queried as he loaded a plate with pancakes and eggs then slid it across the counter to me.
Unlike me, Jahleel could navigate his way around a kitchen to prepare meals to feed himself … and me. Therefore, I was perpetually in his kitchen sniffing around for food, as my kitchen never got used. Swear it, I didn’t even buy groceries.
Setting his plate down on the counter, he leaned his hip against the edge as he sprinkled Sun Maid raisins over his pancakes, then syrup. He had a habit of leaning against the counter to eat, seemingly having something against sitting down.
“The boss, as in the boss, called me to his office.”
He stopped chewing, brushed a thick flock of sandy brown hair from his face and glared at me. “The fuck did you do now, bad girl?”
I burst out laughing. “That’s the same question I kept asking myself all the way up to his office. Turns out he wants me to work on one of his high-end projects. Me.”
“But that’s great!” Rounding the counter, he cupped my face and kissed my forehead. “You landed a big one. Proud of you.”
My eyes bugged. “JK, are you serious right now? It’s a residential project. Not just any project but one with penthouses selling for millions of dollars. You gotta thoroughly know your shit to work on those. And right now, I’m freaking the hell out.”
Pushing my plate and coffee aside, Jahleel hopped up on the counter, taking the position where my plate had been, his legs spread on either side of me. Grabbing my face, he leaned down to me. “Hey, you know your shit. Stop doubting yourself. If they picked you, it’s because they believe you can do it.”
“Naw. I believe it’s some emergency fluke. I’m thinking they were behind on this one and needed to get it out of the way so they grabbed the next available designer.”
“So what? Who gives a shit? Fact is, the job is yours. And you’re gonna design the hell out of it, get a cover in some lame ass magazine, and make me proud. You don’t, Krissy, and I swear I’ll beat the eva-lovin’ shit outta you.”
“Oh, God,” I grunted and pressed my face down on his pajama-covered thigh.
At the sound of a female yawn, I raised my head to see a leggy brunette ambling into the kitchen, rubbing her eyes. “Awe, JK, you’re such a sweetheart to make me breakfast.”
When she saw me, she frowned, but said nothing and started toward the refrigerator.
“Nah. Made breakfast for me and Krissy. Not you. And if you want somethin’ from the fridge, ask for it. Don’t just waltz aroun’ like you live here.”
The brunette stopped in her tracks and stared at him, her mouth opening and closing as if not knowing how to respond. Jahleel reached across the counter for his wallet laying carelessly at the edge, took out a hundred dollar bill, and held it out to her. “Here. There’s a Starbucks down the street, go on and grab somethin’ to eat.”
The girl hesitated, frowning at me sitting between Jahleel’s legs as she came up to him and took the bill. “Aren’t you two like, um, brother and sister?
Uh oh. Someone said the ‘B’ word.
Jahleel’s light-gold eyes grew cold. “No. We’re not.” He leaned over and snatched the money back from her hand. “Now get the fuck out.”
The brunette’s frown deepened, seeming even more baffled than before.
“Now!” Jahleel shouted.
No hesitation this time, she turned and scurried out. As Jahleel ran an angry hand through his hair, I narrowed my eyes at him.
Jahleel Kingston was, well, hot. Like the devil’s pitch fork hot. Meteorite-hit-the-earth hot. Ozone layer hot.
Seriously.
He was one inch over six feet of rugged, ripped-jeans, Timberland boots, tattooed, dancer-boy hot. Thick, loose, and perpetually dancing on his shoulders, his sandy brown hair was to die for. And his light-gold eyes, almost paranormal-like, usually made people tilt their heads to the side and stare at him with intrigue. His body … well, what do you expect a dancer’s body to look like? Not even going there. However, he had absolutely no respect for women. And I found nothing amusing or sexy in that behavior.
“You need to stop treating girls like that, JK. You’re all sweet talk and smiles to get them in your bed and then you treat them like shit the next morning.”
“Krissy, you heard her.” He lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper, leaned in to me, and pointed to the door the brunette went through, “She said the ‘B’ word.”
I started to laugh then immediately stopped myself. Pushing away from the stool, I smacked his chest, and he grinned. “I’m serious. Karma’s gonna come back and screw you in the ass one of these days. Hard.”
Jahleel snorted, and knowing exactly what he was going to say in reply, I made a beeline for the exit. “Pot criticizing the kettle, Miss Sleep-with-’em-only-once-and-never-call-’em-again?”
I whirled around and placed my hands on my hips. “That’s different and you know it! At least I’m nice about it.”
“Er, you might wanna rephrase that?”
Rolling my eyes, I rephrased, “At least I lie about it.”
Jahleel hopped off the counter and strode toward me with his arms open wide. “Aw, my little blonde bad girl. You see? We’re no different.” He lifted me up off the ground and carried me out of the kitchen. “We’re two pieces of shit and that’s about it.” Depositing me on his couch in the living room, he ruffled my bangs. “Bitch killed my appetite. Gonna shower and head out. Do well on that big contract.”
As he kissed my forehead and walked out of the room, I grabbed a throw-pillow and pressed my face into it, letting out a muffled scream. Without warning, a pair of searing blue eyes flashed across the backdrop of my lids.
My eyes snapped open, and for some unknown reason, my heart started drumming hard and fast like an African beat.
I knew those eyes.
They were the eyes of the man who resembled danger.

I spent the next couple of days locked up in my room laboring on designs I thought would appease Trevillo Nelson. Feeding on pizza and Cola, only taking breaks at two or three o’clock in the morning to grab a shower, I slept for a few short hours then went back at it. The boss wanted three different options in one week. If that mandate wasn’t pressure, then I didn’t know what was. It was brutal and unfair.
By the time Monday crashed in, I was exhausted, but glad I’d gotten the task done.
Standing in the middle of my walk-in closet that overflowed with clothes and shoes, it took me the same time it did each morning to decide on an outfit: over thirty minutes.
This is probably where I should start talking about myself — something I genuinely hate to do. I’d been avoiding it long enough, but here goes:
The name’s Krissan Sophie Kingston, and I am kind of a shopaholic. I’ve spent the majority of my earnings on clothes and shoes I don’t need. Shopping has been an addiction I can’t seem to break. The good so far is I’ve not driven myself or anyone else into debt. The Kingstons used to repeat a proverb that went something like, “a person without self-control is like a city with broken down walls”, so I knew a thing or two about self-control.
The bad part was - it was all bad.
The one answer I’ve been able to come up with each time I executed an introspection as to why I shopped in excess was: once upon a time, I had nothing. Living in a foster home where we all shared the same pair of jeans, t-shirt or shoes, no one thing belonged to any one child. We shared everything, from toys to underwear.
Now that I was fortunate to have more, I took more. That was my theory and I was sticking to it, even though I knew it wasn’t a valid excuse. I just … had a problem.
Everything about me was a problem, as a matter of fact.
To me, I was just one big, red question mark. People seemed to take to me for some reason or another, and even thought I rocked. But in every bit of honesty, I had no idea what or who they liked, because I was empty.
I never felt like I had a personality. I didn’t care passionately for anything or anyone beyond Jahleel. And I never saw past the present. I lived each day as it was given. Often times, I wondered what my purpose was here on earth. I was shallow, vapid, selfish, and didn’t give a shit about life. My life consisted of sleeping, eating, dressing to the ninth, going to work, coming home, doing more work, sleep, wake up, eat and repeat.
On occasion, I’d go clubbing, and if I spotted a hot guy I wanted, I’d give a fake name, sleep with him, then sneak out when he fell asleep. Because I wasn’t, and wouldn’t ever be, interested in seeing him again. I cared zero for relationships because I had no feelings, love, or passion to share. Sure, I was a successful designer, so people might think, ‘well, she must be passionate about designing’.
Not really.
Growing up, I was always good at decorating: mixing things, neatness, art, putting things together, tearing things apart — my parents were sick of me redecorating everything all the time. After graduating high school, I was still empty, with no real dreams like normal people had. Or even like Jahleel who knew without a doubt he wanted to have his own dance studio and that he was going to get it.
Then I decided, well, since I was good at designing, why not hone it and acquire all the qualifications needed to turn it into a career? Straight out of college, a friend of mine got me an internship at The Dean’s Realty. They liked me there, as most people tended to within five minutes of meeting me. And after a year, I landed a rock solid position.
So, at this young age, I had a blessed salary and almost nothing to stress about.
Once upon a time, life for me was a nasty glob of shit. Then, life became a chunky piece of red-velvet cake. Thanks to the Kingstons. Now, with no kids, no needy, demanding boyfriend, no one but me to give two cents about, what was a girl to do? I guiltlessly indulged in shopping, grooming, random sex and hard work, and that was it.
The life of Krissan Kingston.
Once, when I relayed this emptiness to my mother, she explained to me a day would come when I would care about life, and would care about people, because then, I’d see my purpose.
At twenty-freakin’-five years old, I was still waiting for that day.



Chapter 3
K. Kingston
Ineligible
“Damn,” muttered the man who held the future of my career in his hands, sitting back in his big black leather chair. “You’re good.”
A relieved sigh seeped through my pores, and my tensed muscles started to relax. Nervousness had held me captive since I came up to his office fifteen minutes ago, flipped open my MacBook, and showed him the options.
Being in his office, in his presence, unnerved me. Maybe it was because he was, well, Trevillo freakin’ Nelson. Maybe it was because he was expecting a heck of a lot from me. Maybe it was because of the way he looked at me as if I were a complicated algebra equation he couldn’t figure out. Maybe it was because of his azure blue eyes lingering on my lips each time I spoke, or the way he leaned in closer, staring into my eyes with a concentrated expression as if he were inspecting them.
Maybe it was all of the above.
In his presence, I felt endangered. But I couldn’t pinpoint what exactly caused that feeling. He was impossible to read or understand, because if he said something nice, it was almost immediately followed by something harsh.
“How long did you say you’ve been working for me?”
Shouldn’t he know this by now? “Five years.”
On a slight shake of his head, he mumbled, “I can’t remember ever seeing you before. I keep asking myself, ‘who is she?’”
Huh? “Well, this is a large company, Mr. Nelson. Unless you’re God, or you possess some kind of superpower unbeknownst to others, I wouldn’t expect you to know all your workers individually. That’s why we have bosses of bosses that you are the boss of. They’re the ones you need to know. Not us.”
He nodded once. “A realist. I think I like you.”
He continued pressing his gaze into mine, making me shift uncomfortably in my seat, crossing my legs to quell the inexplicable ache suddenly roiling between my thighs.
Trevillo Nelson was faultlessly handsome. He had mischievous azure blue eyes, an upturned nose that looked too perfect to be real, and full, carved lips that held too much color for a man. His hair was raven-dark and seemed to have a mind of its own: while some strands lay obediently in place, others curled at the ends and went in whichever direction they chose. It was obvious he tried keeping his hair neatly groomed, but his hair contradicted itself, unsure if it wanted to be curly or straight, so it landed in somewhat of messy, roll-outta-bed vibe. And it was as sexy as sins were dirty. His high, sharp jaw line gave him a dangerous, intimidating edge. He was … male. With eyes promising a whole lot of bad.
Shifting again under his never-breaking stare, I pointed to the laptop to re-direct his attention. “So, which of the three designs do you want to go with for the penthouses?”
His eyes narrowed at me for a beat before answering, “I’m going to be honest: I’m stuck. All three options are exceptional. I like none more than the other. That’s never happened before. I’m the man with the last say and, well, I don’t know what my say is.”
Without breaking his gaze, he hit a button on his receiver and ordered, “Milo, get your queer ass in here.”
A few seconds later, Milo waltzed into the office in his steel-toed boots, tight black jeans, rocker T-shirt and spiky Mohawk. Milo’s style had a certain oddness I loved.
Trevillo turned the laptop in Milo’s direction. “In one week.”
Milo took the chair next to me and began scrolling through the designs. Stopping for a second, he glanced up at me and raised a brow, then went back to viewing. After a torturous moment of silence, he turned to me and grinned. “Damn, Krissy K, you’ve been holding out on us. These are freakin’ brilliant!”
I rolled my eyes at him. Milo was known to be a chatterer and exaggerator to the utmost. “Thanks, boo.”
He turned to the blue-eyed man who was still staring at me and said, “Now, you don’t have a thing to complain about. Which is it going to be?”
Trevillo shrugged. “Why the hell do you think I called your skinny ass in here?”
My brows shot up as I watched the exchange between the boss and his assistant. I’d never seen a boss and assistant speak like that to each other before. Like they were long time buddies or something. But I admired it.
“I don’t know, boss,” Milo chuckled. “It’s your say. They’re all pretty damn good to me.”
“What do you think, Miss Kingston?” Trevillo sought my opinion.
My head jerked back at that. He was asking for my take? “You-you’re asking me to choose?”
“Yes,” he stressed. “So? Which is it? I don’t have all day here.”
Aghast, I glanced between him and Milo, but Milo merely winked at me, got up, and left the office, leaving me as the subject of a heated, penetrating gaze. When I remained seated without answering, Trevillo leaned forward in his chair, clasping his hands on the desk as he tilted his head to the side. “I’m waiting, Miss Kingston … ”
“I don’t think I’m qualified to make that decision, Mr. Nelson. Why not run it by — ”
“My company is my company. If I say I want you to choose, then you’re going to choose. So stop acting like you’re wearing a training bra and just make the damn pick, girl.”
Jesus. I couldn’t understand this man. One minute, he was looking at me like he wanted to devour me, and the next minute, he sounded like he was annoyed with me and couldn’t wait to get me out of his presence. Without looking at the laptop, I pointed, because I honestly didn’t give a heck about his building. I was doing what he asked for a paycheck. “That one.”
The corners of his lips twitched with the hint of a smile. “Did you just randomly pick something?”
I shrugged. Screw him.
Now he gave me a full smile, and damn my goddamn breath for hitching. “There’s a monster behind that tiny little frame of yours, isn’t there?”
“No. Just emptiness.” He had no idea of the sheer veracity of that answer.
His eyes dropped down to my neck, then back up to my lips. Lifting a hand, he reached out as if to touch them, and I held my breath in anticipation, but then he pulled back. “Is that the natural color of your lips, or are you wearing lipstick?”
Where the hell did that come from? Yet, though his gaze was trained on my lips, I couldn’t tear mine away from him. “Natural.”
“Christ.” This was said barely above a whisper. His gaze found mine again, and I stopped breathing altogether. “And, your eyes. Is there a specific name for that rare blue?”
“Just blue, I guess.”
By this time, my chest was visibly heaving up and down, and my legs were tightly crossed trying to ease the ache between my thighs, because I wanted so badly for this man to touch me. I wanted to feel his mouth on me, and I wanted to run my fingers through that indecisive hair of his.
Shit. This was a mess.
He must’ve noticed, because he tore his eyes from me, cleared his throat, and looked at the laptop screen. “Let me help make the decision a little easier. Hastier. Which did you work the hardest on?”
The one that took the most time and effort was the one where I designed most of the furniture. The apartments would have custom-made furniture, nothing beats that, but it would take time. “Option number two was the hardest, but I had the most fun working on it. However, I wouldn’t suggest that option if you’re running behind, because getting the right materials delivered and waiting for those unique pieces of furniture to be made will take time, which I’m sure you already know.”
Eyeing me shrewdly, he raised a brow. “What makes you think I’m running behind?”
“Because that’s the only reason you’d randomly pick me to work on a project Sarah James usually handles.”
“Then why would I be running behind if I had Sarah James to work on it?”
Good question. Where was Sarah James? Why wasn’t she the one contracted?
Answering my unasked question, he offered, “The project was Sarah James’. So your observations are correct. Because I’ve dropped her at the last minute, we’re behind time, and you were randomly picked. No, let me rephrase, you were luckily picked.”
“I’m not Sarah James.”
“No. You’re better. So much better. I don’t understand why you shy away from residential work,” he said, shaking his head at me. Tapping the laptop, he added, “Option number two it is. Yes, I understand the complexity of it will be time-consuming, but that’s what makes it so damn brilliant. The fresh, uniqueness of it will be worth the wait. So, go ahead and start. Any materials taking longer than tolerable to be shipped or delivered, let me know so I can call in. With this project, you get the privilege to select your own team of workers from the construction department. You also have the right to drop anyone who’s not working effectively at your required speed.”
Opening a drawer on his desk, he took out a new thumb-drive still in its case and handed it to me. “Budget, numbers, all info here. Spreadsheet, please. And no print-outs; I hate papers. Keep me abreast of things, all obstacles, all delays. You know the drill.”
“Okay,” I nodded.
As I closed down my laptop and started to get up, I could feel his eyes burning me, but I was determined not to look at him, knowing an idiotic move like that would only rob my breath.
He also stood up and rounded his desk. That’s when I took note of his height.
Son of Mary, I was overwhelmed in a cloud of testosterone. Around six feet three inches of raw masculinity. He wore his charcoal suit, not the other way around. Like the last time I’d been here, he didn’t wear a necktie, so I’m guessing he didn’t care for them. With his indecisive hair and missing neckwear, he should have looked incomplete and unruly. Instead, he managed to portray an uncontrived, sexily rumpled vibe that was absolutely delicious.
Planted to the red-carpeted floor in the middle of his unnecessarily large, modernly designed office, I stared lustfully as the imposing body of hot maleness walked with quiet strides over to the kitchenette to pull a bottle of water from his fridge. He opened the bottle and took a few gulps. Without turning around, as if he knew I was watching him, he asked, “Is something wrong, Miss Kingston? That’s it for our meeting, you’re free to go.”
Even after hearing that, I still remained immobile as I watched the broad-shouldered man with raw, carnal desire. Why was I so affected by his overpowering build? When he didn’t hear an answer from me, he turned and raised a brow.
Words were still out of my reach.
He put the half-empty bottle of water back into the fridge, then started towards me in long, powerful strides. As he stopped in front of me, I tipped my head back to accommodate his height. “Again I ask, Miss Kingston, is there something wrong? Why are you so flushed?”
Taking a breath, I attempted at speaking and barely breathed out, “You’re … so tall.”
One side of his kissable mouth lifted in a lopsided smile. “You’re flushed because I’m tall?”
When he didn’t receive a response from me, he pointed out, “You’re the one who’s short.”
“I … ”
What the hell was I trying to say? Why the hell was I paralyzed? What the hell did he do to me? And why the hell was my heart drumming so erratically?
His hand came up to tenderly brush his fingertips up my neck, and I swear, I felt it to my bones. “Short, sweet, and delicate … ” his fingers traveled up over my chin and brushed across my lips, “exotic … unreal … ”
Breath caught in my throat at his touch, my eyelids shuttered down. As his thumb passed over my cheek, my body involuntarily arched into him.
“You’re like … an angel’s feather, gently floating on the wind. That’s how delicate you are, Miss Kingston.”
Doomed. He knew how to undo a woman with mere words. Just a few simple touches followed with poetic words, and I was done. I sucked in a short breath, and a soft moan escaped from me.
One big masculine hand cupped the back of my neck as his towering body leaned protectively over me. His hot breath assaulted my ear as his enticing lips came closer, whispering, “That’s just it, Miss Kingston. You’re too delicate for a man like me.”
“I’m not — ”
He cut me off. “You’re ineligible to ever know what my cock would feel like inside you. You’re too young, too fragile. I’d break you.”
At that, my eyes popped open, and I found his blue gaze boring into mine.
I wasn’t seeking a relationship with the guy. I just wanted to get laid by him. I was too young for him? Young? He was no older than thirty-two, I was positive of that. So how was I too young?
I’d never been refused by anyone before. This was new. It was also embarrassing. Unwilling to stick around for more rejection, I took a step back, turned on my heels, and left his office.
As I hurried past Milo’s desk toward the elevator, he shot up to walk me there. “You okay, Krissy K? You look a bit … flustered.”
“I’m fine, boo,” I answered without looking at him.
“No, you’re not,” he said through a throaty laugh. “You’re wearing the same look he was wearing the other day when you left his office.”
That made me look up at him. He’d been affected by me? Nice to know. “Okay. I want him. Dear God, I want him. But he’s … confusing.”
Milo sighed and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. “You’re ma’ girl, so I’ll just give you the heads up: that hot mamafucka in there, he doesn’t do young chicks. He avoids them like I avoid cunts.”
“So, he’s a literal motherfucker, then?”
“Exactly. Which means, your chances of landing that most-wanted rich dick are, well, nil. Even though it’s obvious you have a major effect on him.” He pursed his lips and dipped his chin, looking at me under his lashes. “Why do you think I bolted outta there earlier? It was way too hawwwt in there for me, honey! He couldn’t take those sexy bedroom eyes off you.”
As the elevator doors opened, I said, “It’s not like I was asking for marriage or anything. Just wanted to get laid, you know. Preferably on that big, oak desk of his.”
Over-actor that he was, Milo tossed his head back and gave a high-pitched laugh, then pushed me into the elevator. “Don’t we all?”



Chapter 4
T. Nelson
Choosing Her
“About goddamn time, Trev!”
Trevillo knocked his fist against Zane’s as he entered the V.I.P. room of their private club, Red Veil. He should’ve been there two hours ago, but instead he was stuck in a scriptural lecture from his father who scolded him about his most recent misdemeanors.
Another one of his flings’ balls-less husbands went to complain to his father — because apparently Marcello Nelson could fix everything? — and, as usual, his father thought it necessary to give him some drawn out lecture about it. Of which he’d obediently sat throughout, nodding, “Yes, Father” and “I understand, Father.”
He was skidding past thirty-two years of sinning, and his father could still humble him like a lad. Marcello Nelson was one of those men where showing disrespect wasn’t an option. He was a powerful man of high standing, sheer intimidation, and forceful influence. When Marcello spoke, inferiors, (like himself and most of the human race), had to sit and listen without a word of rebuttal. So although he was itching to be at Red Veil, having a woman’s sharp, long nails digging into his flesh, he had to postpone his carnal activities …
“Don’t you want a wife of your own, son? Don’t you want someone who belongs to you and only you? Why do you continue to go after what’s already taken? What’s not yours?”
“I don’t know, Father.”
“You have everything. Everything a man could ever possibly dream of! Do you think a woman, any woman, would even hesitate to submit to you and only you?”
“I don’t care to know, Father.”
Marcello shook his head on a deep, heavy sigh, and Trevillo knew he was about to start quoting. He always did that when he felt he wasn’t getting through to his children. Perhaps he thought verses would scare them straight? Definitely not Trevillo. He’d roll a big, fat weed joint with those Bible pages if it came to it.
“A prostitute will bring you to poverty, yes,” Marcello began quoting, and Trevillo stifled his scoff. “But sleeping with another man’s wife will cost you your life. Can a man scoop a flame into his lap and not have his clothes catch on fire? Can he walk on hot coals and not blister his feet? So it is with the man who sleeps with another man’s wife. He who embraces her will not go unpunished … ”
Glad that lecture to Pointlessville is over, Trevillo thought to himself as he shrugged out of his jacket and tossed it on the back of an armchair before lowering himself into the red suede couch across from Zane.
“The fuck you been?” Zane asked, a half-naked busty, brunette grinding her ass on his lap.
“Father Reproach,” Trevillo spared.
From the ice-bucket on the table in front of him, he shoveled some ice into a highball glass and poured himself a Patrón Platinum. Taking a sip, he nodded in appreciation at the off-dry taste on his tongue then leaned back and looked across at Zane who’d dropped his head back, loudly groaning as the brunette wrapped her long-nailed fingers around his throat and squeezed, cutting off his air while she gyrated against him.
Without his brother’s or his sister-in-law’s knowledge, Zane Zekiel and Trevillo had been friends for about six years. They’d met at a club similar to this one in New York and quickly learned they were both members of the same clubs around the world. Their tastes were similar, but Zane was more extreme with his need for pain; whereas, Trevillo leaned toward small stings of pain.
Even though Trevillo enjoyed having pain inflicted upon him, he still dominated in the bedroom, relinquishing power only when he wanted to. But Zane craved extreme, bloody pain and preferred to be dominated.
Together they built their own exclusive club, Red Veil, open to discreet, elite members only. Moguls and magnates with statuses and reps to protect, but wanted to live out their fantasies without judgment.
Red Veil was a three story building, and the top floors were where all illicit and circumspect acts happened. The walls where members hung out were covered in deep red, creating a dark, hidden atmosphere. Every few seconds, flashes of neon-blue, yellow, and red rotated – encouraging impulsive behavior.
The entire bottom floor was luxury apartments used by the club girls. They gave their girls shelter, cars, allowances, and whatever else they wanted; the only requirement was to make themselves available whenever they were needed. For pleasure, or for pain.
The door to the V.I.P box opened, and his other two buddies, Nardo and Mark, strolled in with two giggling nude girls in tow, glistening with sweat, skin red with welts. Nardo and Mark both bumped fists with him as they passed by and took seats at the other end of the room. The V.I.P box was wide and spacious, suspended in the air, surrounded by one-way glass granting a view of the entire club.
Zane popped his head around the girl straddling him and arched up a brow. “You gonna be sitting there all fucking night, or you gonna grab a bitch and have some fun?”
Trevillo ignored him and took a long sip of his Patrón. Truth was, he wasn’t sure what the hell he needed at the moment. His head was, all of a sudden, in a rather conflicted space.
Ever since he’d laid sight on that petite, short-haired blond a few weeks ago, he’d been fucked. Every suck-off he’d ever gotten after that, he found himself imagining it was her plump, red lips wrapped around him. Every orgasm he’d had after that, he found himself imagining it was her he was buried deep inside of. He couldn’t fathom what the hell was happening.
She was all kinds of incompatible for him: she was young, she was tiny, delicate. Too delicate. He’d ruin her.
Though, something about the way she looked at him told him she was delicate to the eye only. He sensed there was a monster crouching behind that small frame of hers. And he found himself wanting to strip her bare, tear her open, and murder that monster for her. So she could float freely on the wind like the delicate angel’s feather she was.
He wanted her.
Badly.
But he was afraid to take her. He would only destroy her: set the tip of that soft feather on fire and watch it burn to ashes. He would burn the feather of an angel and piss God the hell off. And that’s when he’d really be deserving of the name Hellion. That’s when his inevitable journey to hell would take off full fucking speed.
Sipping at his drink, he got up from the couch and strode around the room, scanning the girls out in the club through the one-way glass. He was searching for someone around five feet two inches in height. He was searching for someone dainty, with a super-slim waist, full breasts and a shapely ass. He was searching for someone with plump, cherry-red lips, a slim, long neck, and red-painted fingernails.
Fuck, he was searching for her.
After about ten minutes of scanning the club of girls from left to right, without so much as a jerk-reaction from his cock, he concluded the angel feather’s allure was inimitable. Dozens of the most enticing women were sauntering around his club, yet he couldn’t find one he thought could match her. She was unique, like all angels. She couldn’t be replicated.
At that moment, he decided the angel’s feather would soon be his feather: the fiery red feather of a demon’s wing.
With one last swallow, he knocked back what was left in his glass and walked back across the room. Slamming the glass down on the table with more force than needed, he ignored the grunts and groans coming from the other end of the room where Mark, Nardo, and the two women they’d entered with, were engaged in a mini orgy: one girl getting drilled from the back by Nardo, as she licked the other girl, who was giving Mark a blow-job.
Retrieving his jacket from the armchair, he shrugged it on and announced, “I’m out.”
“The hell?” Zane said. “Dude, you just got here!”
“Yeah,” he replied, wrenching the door open. “Not in the mood tonight. Lates.” He was out the door before any of them could say anything to stop him.
Trevillo wove through the club, peeling off each girl who tried attaching themselves to him like a magnet, grabbing his crotch, and begging to be the one to make his night one of pain or pleasure. Once he finally managed to get into the elevator, he pulled out his cellphone and pressed the number assigned to his favorite girl.
“Hola, Devil Boy,” she answered. “Como estas?”
He wanted to give her an equal greeting and even inquire about the status of his baking niece, but he had more important, urgent, somewhat scary and insane matters on hand.
“Remember what I told you in your poolroom during your short break-up with Love?”
Axia laughed. “The ‘confession’ of which you threatened to burn my gym down if I dare told anyone?”
“Yeah. Well, I think I found the person … ” He hesitated. “The one I want to experience it with.”
“Does she know?”
“Not yet.”
On a sigh, Axia offered, “Trev, you can’t just ‘choose’ someone. It doesn’t work that way. It just has to happen, take you by surprise. In such a way you won’t even know it until you’re balls-deep in.”
Trevillo scoffed. “That’s what the universe says. But I’m me, remember? I spin in the opposite direction of the world, while everyone else spins with it.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Axia, I have been ‘taken by surprise’. And I’m telling you, even if she doesn’t choose me, I’m choosing her.”



Chapter 5
K. Kingston
Nothing Complicated
At an open corner in one of the penthouse shells at Skylark, I sat cross-legged on some old newspapers laid out over the coarse floor, sifting through boxes of fabric and rug samples as I tried to find the perfect match to my design drawings.
Being a half-finished building, the atmosphere at Skylark was noisy and dusty, with the ever-present smell of dry cement, dust particles perpetually floating on the air, the headache-inducing sounds of drills and pounding hammers, and rowdy workers jeering and joking around. The typical.
Seeing that none of the samples in the boxes suited my needs, I sighed and began tossing them back inside, deciding I’d just have to make a stop by Leenie’s Fabric World. I closed the boxes, stacked them atop each other, and snatched up my handbag. Standing up, I turned and collided straight into a impenetrable wall of male.
I should’ve looked up, or muttered an ‘excuse me’ and carried on about my business, but I did neither of those things, because without looking up or second-guessing, I could tell whose body it was.
How? Well, the scent this body exuded was trapped in my nostrils, in my senses, for the past three weeks. An unforgettable scent of raw masculinity, new leather, masculinity, an undertone of olive-scented bar soap, and more masculinity. Ever since I’d sucked it all in with one sharp breath the last time this body was mere inches away from mine, the scent has never left my mind.
So, I just stood there, frozen, inhaling a replenishment of the scent that’d haunted me for weeks, enough to last me for the next couple of weeks, maybe even months — it was that overpowering, that strong, that unforgettable.
The hard chest that my nose was pressed up against reverberated as the owner asked, “You okay, Miss Kingston?”
Was he serious? Did I look like someone who was okay? Of course, I wasn’t! I’d never be ‘okay’ whenever he was in close proximity. Around him, I tended to get inexplicably aroused to the nth degree, speechless, paralyzed. He had this strange and novel effect on me. He was big and imposing, with eyes that seared, and he smelled too damn good. He was a lot to take in. A lot. So much so that he made me feel as if I’d never before realized what a man was.
“Uh, yeah. Just heading down to Leenie’s Fabric World to view a few fabric samples,” I told his chest. “I’ve been having a hard time finding what I want.”
He stepped back two feet, giving me sufficient space to breathe. “What do you want, Miss Kingston?”
Given enough breathing space to get my blood oxygenated and my brain functioning, I tilted my head back and met his ever-heated blues. His face was eerily serious, and I couldn’t tell if this was one of those times where he hated me or was lusting after me. I never could tell, because he would flip from lust to abrasiveness in a nanosecond. “Nothing complicated. Just a sample … .er, simple piece … .” As his brow started to arch, I swiftly added, “Of fabric, that is.”
His eyes smiled. “Nothing complicated. I like that.”
What the hell were we talking about? And what was he doing here, anyway? There was no need for him to be on site unless there was a major problem, and so far, there weren’t any. As per usual, I had everything under control.
But I wasn’t about to question his purpose for being here. It was his work site. He could pop up whenever he felt like it to see who was slacking off and who wasn’t. Even though I was pretty sure he had bigger steaks to flip on the grill. Like the current construction of his hotel downtown, for instance.
“Gotta run,” I muttered, stepping around him.
“I’d love to take you,” he offered.
“I have a car.”
“I know that.” He sounded irritated.
“It’s just fabric sampling,” I shrugged, aiming for nonchalance. “I’m sure you have more important things to do.”
Eyebrow raised, he shot back, “And helping you choose fabric that will be going into my building isn’t important?”
“Yes, Mr. Nelson, but — ”
A big, warm hand wrapped around my wrist and propelled me forward, cutting me off, and I struggled to keep up with his long strides as he started towards the elevator. “Miss Kingston, never in the history of my work life have I offered an employee my assistance with a job I’m paying them to do. You’re insulting my benevolence by rejecting my offer.”
Well, that’s for rejecting me the other day in your office. “Mr. Nelson, I — ”
“Please,” he cut in smoothly, as he ushered me into the elevator, “Call me Trev.”
At that, my eyebrows reached my hairline, and I stared incredulously at him as he punched the floor button. Being so familiar as to call my boss’s boss’s boss ‘Trev’ wasn’t something I’d be comfortable with. It would be out of place. I barely knew the man.
“I don’t think so,” I definitively told him. “I won’t feel comfortable doing that.”
He turned to face me, and I almost stopped breathing. In the confinements of the elevator, his imposingness seemed magnified. And I wanted to be swept up in those arms and crushed against that firm body of his.
Today he wore a navy-blue suit, sans necktie as usual. His raven-dark hair still hadn’t made up its mind which direction it wanted to go.
“Try it on. See how it fits,” he encouraged in a low voice.
“Huh?”
“My name. Try it on. I’m hoping it’ll fit you comfortably, because I’d like to try on Krissy.”
“Well, you can call me Krissy. But I — ”
“Try it on,” he urged.
This was so not going to fit. “Trevillo,” I said, and yes, it felt freakin’ awkward.
His lips tipped up in a half-smile and, slowly, he shook his head from side to side and dragged out a “No.”
Wanting to grin at how sexy he looked when he smiled and acted so … normal, I bit down on my lip.
He reached out a hand toward my face as if to touch me, but then he pulled back. “Stop holding back and try on my name, Krissy.”
Freeing my lower lip from the clamp of my teeth, I breathed, “Trev.” And by gad, did it fit! So goddamn perfectly, I had to say it again. “Trev … ”
This time I got a full-fledged, Colgate-advertisement, I’m-a-big-kid-now smile. Jesus, why did he have to look so damn good?
Whereas, he made me speechless and paralyzed with his serious, intimidating side, when he smiled like this, I had an entirely different feeling: a heart-racing, veins-pulsing rush that made me want to climb up his body and suck his tongue from his mouth.
“How does it feel?”
Batting down the urge to roll my eyes, I replied, “I’m sure you can already tell. You’re not a novice, and I’m not that hard to read.”
The elevator doors slid open and, still smiling, he wrapped his hand around my wrist once more and pulled me out of the building.
Hiding a smile of my own, I wondered if I just made it to being ‘eligible’. If so, I hoped he knew I meant it when I said, nothing complicated. A sample was all I needed.

“What about this one?” I asked, holding up a piece of dark-gray fabric with red accents to a distracted Trevillo.
For just a brief second, his eyes left his phone screen to give the material a quick once over, then he shrugged and went back to whatever was occupying him on his iPhone.
Back at Skylark, he’d offered to help me choose the perfect fabric, but since we got to the store, he’d shown no interest as he worked on his phone instead, while constantly asking if I hadn’t made up my mind yet.
“Not sure what’s the point of you coming here with me,” I grumbled, as I tugged on another roll of fabric, feeling its texture. “You’re of absolutely no help. You can go if you want.”
From the periphery of my vision, I saw him put his cellphone in his pocket. “You’re a smart girl, Krissy, so I’m pretty sure you know I don’t give a shit about helping you choose fabric. I’d really like for you to hurry up with this part so we can move on to my ulterior motive.”
A laugh climbed up my throat, and I turned to look up at him. “And what’s your ulterior motive?”
Stuffing his hands in his pockets, he lifted a brow and stared me, knowing I knew what his ulterior motive was and was just playing dense. “To take you out for lunch.”
“That’s all?” I asked, grinning up at him.
He gave me a have-it-your-way shrug. “Sure.”
Unable to contain my excitement, I bit my lip, turned around, and made a choice for the fabrics in about half-a-minute, then placed the orders and gave the address for delivery. The anticipation, you see, had jolted my brain into hyper-drive, so in less than five minutes, I was out of that store. Ready to experience more of the man who resembled danger.
“Can we just grab burgers and go back to the work site?” I asked as Trevillo opened the car door for me.
Whenever I was working on a project, I was a bit of a control freak. I wanted to be in the midst of everything, making sure all was going as planned. And unless it was absolutely necessary, I never left the work-zone until it was quitting hours. As much as Trevillo excited me, my mind was still focused on the work at hand. At the end of the day, I was working for him.
Trevillo nodded knowingly. “Ah, you’re one of those people, aren’t you? Brain never rests until the conundrum is solved.”
“Guilty.”
We stopped by a fast-food restaurant, ordered two burger combos, and headed back to Skylark.
Trevillo led us over to a sitting area with grass-green, wrought-iron outdoor table sets near the unfilled pool on the complex. We sat down and began eating. Quietly.
The sun was high in the sky, but was warm enough so one could bask in it without ending up sunburned.
As I bit into my burger, I thought about the odds of having this lunch here and now. Even though Trevillo’s name fitted my lips well, it still felt a tad weird eating lunch with the man. This was a powerful, über-wealthy, intimidating man who, incidentally, didn’t dig younger women. How the hell did this happen?
“What’re you thinking?”
At his voice, I glanced up and found him staring straight at me. The gleam in his eyes told me he was on a mission. And I had every reason to believe I was that mission.
I still wasn’t sure what was going on here. He wasn’t the easiest person to read. He wasn’t one to say much, and when he did speak, he usually got straight to the point. So at the moment, he had no idea how much I wanted to shoot that question back at him.
“How weird this is,” I answered in truth.
“What’s weird?”
Setting down my half-eaten burger, I sat back in the chair and glared at him. “Trev, I’m sitting here with you eating a Double Whopper and calling you Trev. It’s just … weird. You’re you. Trevillo Nelson. My boss’s boss’s boss.”
He shrugged at this, and I felt the urge to scream.
“So what? Who am I? Just a normal human being like everyone else. Wealth doesn’t make me different or better than anyone.” He wiped the corners of his mouth with a napkin and continued, “I’m having lunch with you, and I’m enjoying the shit out of it, out of watching you. Albeit, I wish you would do more talking and less thinking, so I can get to know you. You’re you. Krissan Kingston. An angel’s feather.”
To hide my smile, I lowered my head. That was the second time he referred to me as an angel’s feather. I had absolutely no idea what the hell it even meant, but for some dumb-ass reason, it made me blush.
“Talk to me, Krissy,” I heard him say. “Tell me about you.”
Finding his gaze, I folded my arms. “Why? The last time I checked, I was still twenty-five.”
“Fair enough,” he said with a nod. “However, I’ve never once desired to know more about any of my previous … pursuits.” Placing his elbows on the table, he leaned forward and held my gaze captive. “But you, something about you makes me want to know more than just your name. I want to know you in so many ways. I want to get lost in those exotic blue eyes of yours. I want to taste those fascinatingly crimson lips. Fuck. There’s a certain enigma to you. And, like you, I’m one of those people: ‘Brain never rests until the conundrum is solved’.”
The word ‘enigma’ had no business being aligned with my name. I was as readable as they came. The saying ‘never judge a book by its cover’ didn’t apply to me. Because I could be judged by my outer appearance. What you saw was what you got. I held nothing back, stored nothing in my mind. So, if he was searching for something, he was wasting his goddamn time.
All I wanted was to screw him then get him and his scent out of my system. Never to think of him in a sexual way again. Only this would be a bit more complicated than the rest. For one, I worked for him, so I couldn’t escape him like the others. Two, he knew my real name and held important information about me. The others were given fake names, and that was it. No phone number, address, nothing. Just a night of steamy sex with a short, blond girl who stole out in the morning.
“You’re knocking on hollow walls,” I informed him. “There’s nothing inside but thin air.”
He made a slight shake of his head. “Your eyes tell a different story.”
“I don’t think you understand how straight of a person I am. I hold no secrets, no mystery.”
On a resigned sigh, he sat back in his seat and just stared at me for what felt like years. “I will get inside you, Krissy.”
“The ulterior motive.”
He chuckled aloud. “I wasn’t — God, you have a dirty mind. I mean, get inside your head. To know what goes on in there.”
“There, you’re not invited. Elsewhere … .” I trailed off suggestively.
“I like that you’re straight about what you want,” he commented.
I shrugged. “Would’ve let you take me on your office desk the other day if you’d been up to it. We could’ve gotten this over with already.”
“This what?” he asked, curiosity marring his features.
“This usual everyday lust.”
Tilting his head to the side, he watched me with intrigue. “Usual everyday lust?”
Shifting in my seat, I watched him dead on. “Okay, this is me in short: If I see a guy who turns me on and I want to fuck him, I fuck him. I don’t want anything beyond that. I don’t have anything to offer beyond that. I don’t have the energy or the time to invest in anything beyond that. That’s what I meant earlier when I said nothing complicated.”
His face clouded thoughtfully as he noted, “So you just wanna fuck me.”
“On point,” I nodded, glad he finally got it.
For a long while, he said nothing. Then, “You’re like an angel holding the devil’s pitch fork.” His eyes roamed over my face. “You say that with you, what I see is what I get, but that’s far from the truth.”
Leaning in closer, he locked his gaze to mine. “When I look at you, I see purity, etherealness, beauty unseen and unheard of. Nevertheless, when you open your mouth, what comes out is raw, unquenched, unadulterated fire. Blazing … ”
As if he were trying to reach deep into my soul, his eyes bored into mine. This man wanted something more than sex from me. And I had a feeling he wasn’t going to stop until he got it.
Brain never rests until the conundrum is solved.
At a muffled vibrating sound, he dipped his hand inside his jacket pocket and withdrew his cellphone, never taking his eyes off me. “Milo,” he answered. “Now? … Okay, let them know I’ll be there in a few.”
After hanging up, he stared at me a beat longer, then stood to his feet and slipped his cellphone back in his pocket. “I have to go.”
My eyes rose to his height and met his shrewd blue ones. “So … ?”
“So, what?”
Why was he so damn confusing? Couldn’t he just put a girl out of her lust-filled misery? Already, I was directing more of my thoughts on what it would feel like to have him inside me and less on the work I had at hand. That wasn’t me; when it came on to my work, I was consumed, focused. Therefore, I needed to get this man out of my system. “So are we gonna … ?”
Shoving his hands in his pockets, he took a step forward and studied me closely, hovering over me. Then after a lifetime, he responded, “Three weeks ago in my office, my reservations for not taking you right there and then weren’t solely because you’re younger than I prefer. But was mostly because I deemed you delicate, virginal, too dainty for my destructible hands. I thought to myself if I touched you, I’d ruin you … ” He took a long pause, then a breath. “But now I’m thinking … if you touch me, I’ll be ruined.”
The hell’s that supposed to mean? “So does that mean you’re not going to sleep with me?”
He withdrew a hand from his pocket and reached out to touch my face and, as expected, he pulled back. “Goodbye, Miss Kingston.”
Then he was gone. Leaving me to wonder if there was more to myself than I knew. He made it seem as if I were some weird experiment he was trying to figure out, and if he touched me, the whole thing would go to ruination.
But he did touch me. Back in his office, he’d caressed me. And nothing explosive happened. Except, I’d almost had a mini-orgasm.
Why did he want to know more about me, anyway? What could we possibly have in common, except I worked in the design department of his company? What would a filthy-rich, dangerously handsome, world-in-his-hands man like Trevillo Nelson want to do with a vacant, hueless, don’t-give-a-shit girl like me?
He was full to the brim, overflowing, and I was empty. Maybe he’d be the one to make me whole? I would never give him the chance. So I guess I’d never know.



Chapter 6
K. Kingston
You Bit Me
“Okay, okay, JK!” I squealed through fits of laughter. “I surrender. Take the damn remote!”
Ceasing his torturous tickles, Jahleel extracted the TV remote from the tight grasp of my fingers and shifted his heavy weight off me. He then switched the channel from Keeping Up With the Kardashians to some loud and obnoxious guns-blazing action movie on Showtime.
As he started snuggling back next to me, I shoved him away to get up. “I’ll just go up to my own floor and watch television. I can’t watch these marrow-blowing movies with you.”
Jahleel tackled me back to the couch and twisted his body around mine so I couldn’t move. “No,” he said, his eyes still glued to the television. “Stay. We can find somethin’ we both want. Just not that reality TV junk. Don’t know what the fuck you get out of watchin’ vain, talentless idiots.”
Twirling a silky lock of his hair around my index finger, I replied, “Maybe because I, too, am a vain idiot?”
Jahleel stilled, then shifted on the couch so that he was lying on his back and I was draped half-way over him. Taking hold of my chin, he forced me to look at him. “Don’t. You can’t keep living with your heart closed off from the world. There’s a you inside there you’ve caged up and refuse to set free. Been tryin’ to break that cage open ever since Mom and Dad brought you home. But you’ve locked yourself up so fuckin’ tight, there’s no getting through. You need to set you free, bad girl.”
“That’s a lie, JK, and you know it.” I jerked my chin from his hold and pressed my cheek flat to his T-shirt covered chest. “The only person who gets me, all of me, is you. There’s nothing hidden where you’re concerned. So what you’re saying is straight-up bullshit.”
We lay silent for a while, until Jahleel heaved a sigh and whispered, “No, Krissy. That’s a lie. I don’t have all of you … not the way I want.”
Realizing what he meant by that, I raised my head and found his eyes closed. As I made to change the subject, the doorbell rang.
“Bet that’s one of your fucktards,” I mumbled as I rolled off him and went to answer the door.
Only Jahleel’s stalkers came and rang our doorbell, so I wasn’t worried about being in just a Hello Kitty pajama shorts set. My short hair was most likely sticking out every which way, on account of all that childish gamboling Jahleel and I had engaged in earlier.
I swung open the door and that speechless, paralyzed thing happened to me again. The heart-stopping thing that only happens when I was in this man’s presence.
What. Was. He. Doing. Here?
“Hello, Miss Kingston,” he husked.
All six feet three inches of Trevillo Nelson was standing right there on my doorstep, dressed in a black thermal tee, faded jeans and black boots with the laces undone, he oozed that all-masculine scent of his with a crooked smile on his face.
Fuck me.
Trevillo in a suit did strange things to my insides, yes. But Trevillo with a rocker vibe sent juices flowing on instant, begging for release. The man in a suit resembled danger. But the man in heavy black boots, jeans and close-fitted tee represented something worse than danger. Far worse. Without shame, I let my eyes drift down his body, then back up again, ogling. Why was he so … much?
“Miss Kingston?” I heard him say, amusement coloring his voice.
Snapping out of my haze, I found his eyes. “I thought you said you’d call me Krissy?”
Yet another stupid statement like the one back in his office. ‘You’re so tall’. Ugh. Get yourself together, Krissan!
Before Trevillo could answer, Jahleel’s voice called from the living area. “Who is it, Krissy?”
I watched as Trevillo’s expression changed from amused to disappointment. “You … live with someone?”
If I’d screwed him already, the answer to that question would’ve been an automatic ‘yes’ to get rid of him. That wasn’t the case, however, because I was yet to get a sample of him. So for the first time ever, I told an inquiring man the truth. “That’s just my brother.”
“I’m not your fuckin’ brother,” I heard Jahleel grit out behind me.
Shit.
Turning around, I found him glaring down at me. His eyes shifted to Trevillo, then back to me. Trevillo looked between us, eyebrows raised. Clearly confused.
Narrowing my eyes at Jahleel, I tried to convey to him I haven’t slept with this man yet; therefore, no scaring-the-guy-off scene was needed! “JK, this is my boss, Trevillo Nelson. Trev, this is my … Jahleel.”
Jahleel gave a perfunctory nod in Trevillo’s direction, then turned his attention back to me. “On your doorstep?”
Why was he being like this? What the hell was wrong with him?
Hands fixed on my hips, I hissed, “Well, that’s none of your goddamn business now, is it?”
Bending so his gold eyes were leveled with mine, he bit out, “Everything about you is my fuckin’ business.”
“Stop it, JK!” I yelled, getting seriously pissed off.
“Krissy,” I heard Trevillo’s stern, in-office voice say. “Would you like for me to — ”
“No,” I said a bit too desperately.
Jahleel’s head jerked back in shock at this.
I shoved past him and stepped outside the door, slamming it behind me.
“I’m confused,” Trevillo declared with a twinge of annoyance. “Is he your man? Your brother? Fuck buddy? What?”
“He’s my brother,” I quickly explained. “By ink, not by blood. I’m adopted.”
Trevillo nodded as his gaze suddenly lowered and lingered at the deep V-cut of my Hello Kitty night shirt. Jahleel issue forgotten, he spoke to my cleavage, “I figured I’d give you a surprise visit. Wanna grab a drink?”
Seeing that my V-cut and exposed cleavage distracted him, I decided to turn on the flirt a bit, in hopes that this night would end up being an orgasmic one.
Curving a thumb in the waistband at the front of my shorts, I tugged at it gently so it slid down my hipbone, pretending it was being done unconsciously. Then I brought my other hand to my now exposed hipbone and lower stomach, and pretended to be scratching an itch. “I’d love to. But a public outing means I’ll have to find a killer outfit, do my hair, make-up, etcetera. That’ll take hours … ”
Whenever I, Krissan Kingston, left the house, I had to be dressed to the ninth. That was the shallow me.
With a flirtatious tilt of my head to the side, and hip jutted out, I suggested, “But if the drink is in the privacy of your place, I could be ready in, say, less than twenty?”
Trevillo tried to smother a smile. “Ever so forward.”
I shrugged in impatience and a wisp of desperation, waiting for his answer. A girl knows what she wants. It was that simple.
“‘Kay,” he agreed, after staring me down for a millennium. “I’ll wait for you.” Then before I could invite him in, he added, “Outside.”
Freakin’ Jahleel!
I turned and reentered the house then practically sprinted up the stairs, where I found Jahleel sitting pensively on the edge of my bed with his head lowered. Deciding to ignore him, I went straight into the closet and began searching for something easy to wear.
I selected a simple black baby-doll dress from the racks and chose a flat pair of red strappy sandals to go with it. Turning, I crashed straight into Jahleel. He caught me around the waist just as I almost toppled over, looking down at me with that expression I liked to ignore. “Krissy … ” was all he said.
Pushing at his chest, I wrung free from his hold and stepped around him. “You’re acting weird, JK.”
And I hadn’t the time to deal with his shit. I needed to get laid tonight.
As I sat down at the vanity and began styling my hair, he came to stand behind the chair, resting his hands across the top and finding my eyes in the mirror. “On our doorstep. Called you ‘Krissy’. You never give them any real information about you. And now you’re leaving with him. Again?”
On an exasperated sigh, I glowered at him. “Did you hear who I said he was? My boss. He has all my information. Apparently he used it to his advantage, and I honestly could care less. And no, he’s no ‘Again’, because I haven’t slept with him yet. That’s why I’m freakin’ mad at you right now! You almost messed it up.”
I hadn’t seen Trevillo since our last encounter at Skylark a week ago, and I’d thought for sure he was no longer interested, so I’d called it a loss. Now Jahleel was acting like the major asshole he was because he thought Trevillo was an Again.
We had this thing where we referred to anyone we slept with more than once as an ‘Again’. As a matter of fact, I couldn’t recall ever having an Again, because I’d never given anyone seconds. Jahleel, on the other hand, had a lot of Agains, stalkers, wealthy cougars and even celebrities who were willing to give him the world if he wanted it. He had a fuckload of Agains. Yet he was giving me shit.
Jahleel’s shoulders visibly relaxed as he whispered, “Oh.”
I frowned at him. Even if Trevillo was an Again, what the hell would it matter?
“Sorry,” he apologized, and his usual hot-guy demeanor slid back on as he flashed me his signature crooked grin. “Didn’t know.”
Finally. The Jahleel I could identify with was back. I hate it when he goes all raging wacko on me. “Now get the hell outta my room.”
Chuckling, he slid two fingers under my chin and tilted my head back so he could smack a kiss on my nose. Ruffling the bangs I’d just curled with the styling iron, he dashed out of the room before I could yell at him.
Freakin’ Jahleel!

“Well, that was quick,” Trevillo noted, pushing away from the sleek, black Audi he’d been leaning casually against. “I thought you said less than twenty. This is less than ten. In a rush for something?”
Fighting the urge to climb up his body and deplete all the air from his lungs, I retorted, “Less than ten is still less than twenty.”
With a small smile, he opened the car door for me to get in, rounded to the driver’s side, got in, and drove off.
His scent, the scent belonging solely to Trevillo Nelson, was trapped inside the confinements of the car, and I inhaled deeply in appreciation of it.
“You smell nice,” he commented after a short moment of silence, seeming to have been appreciating my scent as I was appreciating his. “What kind of fragrance is that?”
I reflexively brought my wrist to my nose and sniffed, trying to remember what cologne I’d used. Being a cologne connoisseur, I had quite a lot on my dresser. “Oh, this one’s Rihanna’s Nude. Got it yesterday from JK.”
He glanced over at me for a brief second at the mention of Jahleel, and I was hoping he wouldn’t start asking about the complicatedness that was our relationship. No one ever understood us and we didn’t care for them to. Since day one, Jahleel and I have been like bench and ass. We were inseparable, over-affectionate, and real to each other. Even though I considered him as my brother — because he kind of was — he preferred I didn’t refer to him as such, and that’s about it. People tried to understand us, but there was nothing to understand. Our relationship was just ours and no one else’s.
Thankfully, Trevillo didn’t ask about Jahleel again. Instead, he broached another subject I didn’t care to talk about. “So, you’re adopted. Tell me about your family.”
“Why?” I sighed. “That’s boring.”
Alternating between watching the road and watching me, he asked, “Why do you continually try to evade conversations about yourself?”
Oh dear God. “Because there’s nothing interesting about me. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.”
“Shallow people don’t know they’re shallow, Krissy. They think they’re the shit, and they’re ever-ready to share their ‘story’ with anyone who’ll listen, because they think their life is better than everyone else’s.” He sounded as irritated as I felt. “The fact that you’re trying to sell yourself as shallow proves there’s a meaningful part to you. A part you’re loath to share.”
I wish I knew what that part of me was. I wish I knew what everyone else thought they knew.
Instead of addressing his inaccurate observation, I told him about the people who saved me. “My adoptive parents are highly religious people. They run the Kingston Faith Ministries and programs that air weekly on television. They adopted me when I was six. The slutbag who carried me for nine months — instead of saving herself the trouble and aborting me when I was an unformed fetus — left me on the seashore to die six months after she pushed me out. So I spent the first six years of my life in a paint-peeling, mold-eating, roach, rats, and termite-infested apartment in Jersey with over a dozen other kids. Bam, the Kingstons charged in and saved the day. Giving me food to eat that wasn’t three days old, and clothes to wear I knew wasn’t worn a hundred times over because they had tags signifying their newness. That came with a bedroom twice the size of the rotting apartment, a bed that could hold the dozen kids I’d left behind, and a reason to smile. The. Fucking. End.”
Trevillo pulled over to the curb outside a hotel I knew to be his, Viscas II, threw the gear in ‘park’, and dragged up the handbrake. “You sound angry.”
Gritting my teeth, I ground out, “Because I don’t want to talk about myself. Is that so friggin’ hard to understand?”
Turning to face me, he just stared. Studying me. Eyes searching mine, digging into my soul. Trying to find God knows what.
On a stolid note, he spoke, “Okay, Krissan, you don’t have to talk about yourself … now. You were adopted, yes, but not completely, wholly, correctly. They’ve tried but seemed to have failed with you somehow. You need to be adopted correctly. You need to be given a reason to want to talk about your life. I’m arrogant enough to know I’ll succeed at that — adopting you, that is.”
I stared at him, dumbfounded. The hell’s that supposed to mean?
But before I could find a breath to speak, he was out of the car, rounding to my side, and opening the door. Planted in the car seat, I could only stare up at him as he held out his hand, waiting for me to get out.
That’s when I started to question whether I knew what I was getting myself into with this man. He wasn’t like the other guys I screwed around with — mainly because he wasn’t a guy, but a man. He asked a shitload of questions all the time and looked at me with penetrative, analyzing stares, searching for the best angle to rip me open.
Then there was the fact he was, well, him. All the talk about adopting me — whatever that meant — was proof he wasn’t on the same page I was. I was in it for a wham-bam-thank-you-madam fling. But it was now becoming obvious he was in for something more. He had an aim, and I was sensible enough to know men like him usually got whatever they went after. So the best thing to do was to stop this before it started.
I blinked at his hand and then back up at him. “Um, I’m thinking this might not be — ”
“No thinking,” he cut me off. “C’mon.”
When I continued to hesitate, he stooped down to level his eyes with mine. “Over all our encounters, you’ve been exuding the ‘I know what I want’ attitude. You do know what you want, you’re not coy about it, and that turns me the fuck on. But in order for me to give you what you want, Krissan, you have to take what I’m offering.”
This time, when he reached out to touch me, he didn’t pull back. As his thumb passed over my lower lip, he tugged it down and slid said thumb inside my mouth. And, hell no, I couldn’t resist biting it.
Eyes flashing with something fierce, he husked, “I’m offering you me, Krissan. And with me comes everything.”
Sucking in a sharp breath, I bit down harder on his thumb, and I heard his breath catch.
“Every-fucking-thing.”
I wanted to set it straight that all I wanted was sex. That I didn’t want ‘everything’. But my hormones and high arousal were in control of me at that moment, so instead of resisting, I found myself nodding and stepping out of the car.
As soon as I was righted, Trevillo pushed me up against the side of the car, and slid his thumb back in my mouth. “Again.” When I bit him again, he groaned, “Harder.” Complying, I bit him harder to the point where I knew it had to be painful, but he just closed his eyes and breathed, “Yes, Krissan. Like that.”
Then his eyes snapped open and he stepped back, as if suddenly remembering we were in front of his hotel, in public. He took hold of my hand and led me off.
A valet met us half-way, practically stumbling over his own two feet. “Pleasant good evening, Mr. Nelson. Ma’am.”
Trevillo nodded and tossed him his car keys, pressed his palm on my lower back, and guided me through the front doors. I struggled to keep up with his long, purposeful strides as he escorted me through the cool, extravagant lobby, heading straight for the elevators. Almost everyone who spotted him tripped over themselves to wish him a good evening, while he barely nodded in acknowledgment, never once speaking.
Ushering me into the elevator, he retrieved a gold tone card from his wallet and swiped it alongside the number pad. The doors began to close, and as soon as they were sealed, I was attacked.
One long, strong arm snaked around my waist. Lifting me up off the ground with easy grace, he slammed me up against the wall. Reflexively, my legs wrapped around his waist, and before he could first me on another move, I dug my fingers in his hair, dragged his face down to mine, and claimed his mouth. Hard and fierce.
At my swift reprisal, he made a guttural groan. He might have been hungry for me, but I was downright starving for him. So he couldn’t have been more aggressive than me if he tried.
His tongue dipped further inside, roaming, searching, digging, relentless, kissing me deeper and harder, competing with me. I squirmed against his erection, needing him. Just as I was about to beg him to take me right there without hesitation, the elevator doors opened.
Tearing his lips from mine, breathing harshly, he confessed, “I just wanted to have a drink with you, I swear. Wanted to get you hot and bothered and woozy then send you home to think about what I didn’t give you, so you could finger-fuck yourself to sleep. Mind on me.”
Raking his teeth over his lower lip, he narrowed his eyes at me, and though they were still heavy with need, they were severe. “But then, you bit me, Krissan. You fucking bit me.”



Chapter 7
K. Kingston
Undo Me
Chest heaving with short breaths, I replied, “But … but you wanted me to … ”
Trevillo shook his head as he used one hand to push off from the wall with me still wrapped around him, and walked us out of the elevator that led straight into a ritzy suite. “Not want … ”
Soon he was lowering me down on a plush sofa. “Need. Need to feel your teeth and nails sinking into my flesh. Everywhere. Raking, biting, digging, drawing blood.”
Taken aback, I stared up into blue eyes flooded with concupiscence, need, and something else I couldn’t name. “You’re into … pain?”
At the word, his breathing grew harsher and his nostrils flared. “Hmm.”
Shit.
Yeah. I was right earlier. I had absolutely no idea what I was getting myself into. The man hovering above me, with sex leaking through his pores in the form of tiny beads of sweat, with need, starvation and desire swirling in his depths, was a man who resembled more than danger, but also every sinful pleasure that could be offered.
Pain during sex wasn’t something I was interested in, so I figured the best time to stop this was now. “I can’t … I’m not into — ”
Trevillo abruptly got up to his feet and shoved a hand through his hair, no doubt recording fear on my face. “Fuck,” he swore beneath his breath. “I don’t inflict pain on women. Never. It’s the other way around.”
Agitation mitigated by his explanation, I whispered, “Oh.”
“However … ” he went on, “I do suggest we pause this clawing and pawing and grab that drink we really came here for? Because the unprecedented need I’m experiencing right now, Krissan, might just well lead to somewhere neither of us wants to go.”
The severe expression he wore told me he was being far from facetious. He indeed seemed a bit fatal, as if he were wrestling with some kind of sex demon. So even though my vagina walls were clenching ceaselessly, desperate to grab hold of him inside me and suck an orgasm out of him, I nodded in agreement.
At that, he promptly turned and carried himself on his strong legs over to a wine-rack in the kitchen area. Closing my sprawled legs, I attempted to pull my over-aroused self together and got up from the sofa.
I glanced around what was, no doubt, a presidential suite. The suite was one wide, sumptuously decorated, open floor space. The bedroom bled into the sitting room, the sitting room bled into the kitchen area. The entire left wall was glass, showing an astounding vista. There was a slide door to the left of the wall leading out to a spacious rectangular balcony with white leather lounge chairs. Viscas hotels were, before now, what I’d only ever heard about, not being affluent enough to set foot in one. The first branch of Viscas was in Los Angeles, top-class, five stars. This one, Viscas II, was completed two years ago, and was just as swanky as the one back in Los Angles. Viscas III was currently being constructed in New York.
Being given the opportunity to be in one, a presidential suite at that, I could understand what the brouhaha was all about. It was simply breath-taking.
As I stood by the railing out on the balcony taking in the view, I heard Trevillo’s heavy boots hitting the floor tiles as he came up behind me, and I turned around. Desire was still present on his face, but not as fierce as it was a few minutes ago.
Stepping all up in my face and in my space, he held out a glass of wine to me. “The drink. Chateau Margaux.”
Accepting the glass from his hand, I peered up at him and sipped, then deliberately, and slowly, swept my tongue over my lips. I so wanted this man, and I wanted him to know it.
Eyes narrowing, he admonished, “Stop it. I’m hanging on by a thread here.”
Seizing my free hand, he dragged me over to one of the lounge chairs, sat down and urged me down on his lap. “I had it all planned out in my head how I wanted this night to go, but you keep shooting it to hell.” He dipped a finger in his wine then traced it around the outline of my lips. When I caught said finger and sucked it into my mouth, he breathed, “Dammit, Krissan.”
I wasn’t the one for too much talking. Especially when my body’s begging for sex. During sex, a precious vice of mine, I was uninhibited and always ready. I didn’t play cock-shy, and I didn’t wait for a guy to take the lead. And Mr. Danger here, obviously still set on his ‘trying to figure me out’ mission, was doing a whole lot of delaying, while I was doing a whole lot of wanting.
With a man like him, I would’ve expected him to be balls-deep inside me by now, calling me ‘baby’ as he came because he couldn’t remember my name, then giving me a pat on the ass as he sent me home — because he didn’t do sleepovers.
But no. This heartthrob billionaire, real estate extraordinaire, wanted me to sit on his goddamn lap and …
“Tell me, what do you enjoy?”
Yep, talk. He wanted to frigging talk.
“Sex,” I answered out of sexual frustration. “I enjoy the shit out of sex. So damn much. Much more than talking.”
He chuckled, and it was a real sexy sound. In fact, everything about the man was real sexy. When he was serious, he was seriously sexy. When he was amused, he was amusingly sexy. When he was arrogant, he was arrogantly sexy. When he was aroused, he was shatter-a girl’s-lady-bits-to-pieces sexy. He was just one big ball of masculine sexiness. A girl couldn’t help being anything but turned the hell up on high heat around him.
“That goes without saying,” he retorted, still chuckling. “Aside from that … ?”
Before I could speak, he added, “Omit shopping, ‘cause that’s pretty damn obvious.”
And I laughed.
“There,” he said, as if he’d just accomplished some kind of goal. “Krissan Kingston just laughed.”
I thought about his question. Apart from fucking and shopping, what did I enjoy? Aside from that other thing that I wouldn’t tell him or anyone, I did nothing else but have meaningless sex, shop and work. I basically lived like a single dude. “Work, I guess. I go clubbing sometimes with my best friend, Marsha, or hangout at JK’s dance studio. That’s about it.”
“Relationships?”
“I’ve never had one. Never been interested in one. I have nothing to share with anyone, so I’ve no inclination to start one.” I took a sip of my wine and continued. “Takes too much energy, you know. I just don’t believe any of it is real. All fake. The whole ‘I love you. I love you, too. I love you more. No, I love you more. Forever and always. Let’s get married. I want you to have my babies … ’ Booooo! Fuck all that.”
Trevillo nodded once, but didn’t comment on my part-rant, part-answer. Instead, he brought his glass of wine to my lips and said in a quiet voice, “Taste from my cup.”
My brows knitted together as I thought about how those four words seemed fat with hidden meaning. When I drank from his glass, he smiled mysteriously and drank from it himself.
Setting his glass aside on the ground, he took mine and set it down beside his. Next, he cupped my face, giving me that serious look of his as he told me, “You shouldn’t swear, Krissy. It doesn’t suit you. I don’t know what you think you look like in your mind’s eye, or what you think you see when you look in the mirror, but in my eyes, you’re nothing but pure delicateness, softness, airiness. Swear words coming from your lips smears that image. It just doesn’t fit. Don’t swear.”
“I’m a — ”
I didn’t get to finish, because his lips came crashing against mine, and I was more than okay with being told to shut the hell up in that manner. Moaning into his kiss, I laced my fingers around his neck and kissed him hard, arching my body into his, warring with his swift, exploring tongue that glided along the roof of my mouth, over that deep arch near my tonsils, then dropped back down with a sweet beat as he caught my tongue and sucked on it.
Dang, he could kiss the shit out of a woman! Never, in my short lifetime, had I felt this close to orgasm solely by kissing. On a loud moan, I tried to contend, but that expert tongue couldn’t be competed with. He kept winning.
Breaking the kiss, he tipped my head back and licked his tongue up my neck as his other hand dipped under my dress and, without wandering, went unerringly between my thighs, right up to my throbbing core.
The second his thumb brushed over my lace-covered bud, an unexpected cry escaped my lungs and slapped against the cool night air. Having a prolonged arousal will cause a girl to be hypersensitive to any touch. No matter how gentle.
Trevillo removed his hand from under my dress and pushed me off his lap. “Stand up. Take off your dress.”
Knowing we were out on a balcony, where people from other nearby buildings that were as high as this one could possibly look their out windows and see us, I hesitated.
Trevillo raised a brow at me. “Krissan, no hesitation with me. Ever. Okay?”
Lamely, I nodded.
“Take off your dress.”
Grasping the hem of the dress, I pulled it over my head in one haul and dropped it to the floor. I stood before him in just my underwear as the night air whispered across my skin, teasing my nipples. When I hooked my thumbs in the side of my nude lace underwear to shimmy them down, he stopped me. “No, leave those on. They’re sexy as fuck.”
Clasping my hips, he pulled me forward to him. If I were wearing heels, his lips might have been in direct line with my lips down south. But with my shortness and his tallness, even sitting down his lips were almost at my breasts. I waited for him to suckle one into his mouth, but he didn’t.
“Take those puckering pink nipples between your fingers and play with them,” he commanded, then promptly dipped his tongue inside my navel and flicked my navel-ring.
With that one movement, my head fell back and my hands compliantly moved to my breasts, twisting my own nipples and growing more and more aroused by it. Pulling me closer to stand between his thighs, he lifted my left leg and hooked it over his shoulder, and with the movement I had to grab onto his shoulder with one hand for balance.
“Don’t stop playing with those perfect nipples, Krissy. Stay balanced without holding on. Even when the orgasm I’m about to give you rocks your fucking body into overdrive, don’t hold onto me. Just take it. Let it knock you the fuck over.”
He plucked my hand off his shoulder and brought it back up to my breast and it took a few seconds before I was able to stay balanced on my right leg alone. When he saw that I was set, he used two fingers to shift my underwear to one side. He lowered his head, and a moan escaped me as his tongue swiped up my seam.
My hips involuntarily jolted forward at the contact, but I held my equilibrium. Pleased, Trevillo began lapping at me, his tongue beating relentlessly down on my bud, then sucking on it at ten second intervals, forming a pattern, a rhythm. Focused, passionate, and calculated. The man had a skillful tongue, had to give him that. He’d kissed my mouth as if he owned it, and now he was sucking me as if I’d always been his. Struggling to stay upright as pleasure ran sprint-races through me, I writhed and undulated against his mouth.
“Yeah, babe,” he spurred on. “Grind on my fucking tongue … ”
I expected to feel his fingers inside me by that point, but then I realized he was showing me he could drive me wild with his tongue alone. Hands-free. And hell, I was wildly frigging driven.
As I felt my orgasm rocking on, I tried not to hang on to him. But when the first wave crashed over me, I gripped his hair with both hands, and thrust harder up against his mouth. Tossing my head back, I polluted the night air with a long, loud, “Fuuucckkk!”
High tidal waves wrapped me up and tossed me onto the shore, leaving me there breathless, trying to catch my breath from being held under water for too long.
When the ripples faded, and all was quiet at sea, I opened my eyes and found Trevillo either glaring or leering at me. I wasn’t sure which. “I told you not to hold on, and I told you not to swear. You did both. Simultaneously.”
Ever had an orgasm, then afterward found yourself grinning for no reason whatsoever? That’s how you know it was off the charts.
With a post-orgasm grin, I told him, “Punish me, then.”
Eyes hooded, he bent and blew air gently on my sensitive folds, then said, “You know how to make a man grow harder and painfully harder, don’t you?”
Before I could answer, he swept me up in his arms with one swift move and started back inside the suite. He brought me to stand in front of the bed, and then stooped down to unstrap my sandals. After having them removed, he stood back up and pulled his shirt over his head, revealing tanned perfection of hard, muscled chest and abdomen. Male. Man. All man.
Taking my hands, he placed them on his belt buckle. “Undo me.”
Normally, I wouldn’t have to be told to undress a man, I would’ve been doing that ages ago. But what I’ve noticed with Trevillo, was I did a lot more staring and a lot less doing. He fascinated me. Awed me. Made me speechless. Always speechless. His masculinity was so mesmerizing, the majority of the time, all I did was gawk. Unabashedly so. Like now, his hard hunk of chest was just right there in front of me. Firm, strong, making me want run my tongue all over it. Bite it. Try to goddamn eat it.
He wasn’t an oiled-down, hair-free, model-style man. He was delectably au naturel — smooth, sexy hair on his chest, with a sweet trail that ran down the center of his abs and disappeared into his jeans man. His skin glistened on its own, his abs rippled on their own, and the smooth trailing of hair made him real. Because men should have hair on their body.
“Krissy … ” It was just my name, but it was also an order.
Snapping out of my foggy daze, I started to undo his belt buckle, his button and zipper, then dragged his jeans down his legs, going down with it. Moving to his boots, I nudged for him to step out of them and then his jeans. Leaving him in just his black boxers.
Ever seen a well-toned, good-looking man partially naked, with chiseled abs and a trail of dark hair disappearing down his boxers, and then your heart just starts beating helluva fast? So much that it frightens you? That’s how you know you’ve been fucked without being touched.
Still crouched at his feet, I ogled him from head to toe, drowning in lust.
“I’m still dressed,” Trevillo told me.
Oh. Right.
Reaching up, I hooked my fingers in the waistband of his boxers and pulled them off.
On a deep breath, I looked up at the thick, venous, erection jutting out. Up, live, big, hard, and ready to throw down.
I had a feeling, just a feeling, that this night was going to be a good great night.
Trevillo bent and stood me up by my arms, seeing that I was still gawking and all. He tapped on my underwear for me to remove them. Once I removed the last piece of clothing between us, he turned us so his back was to the bed, sat down, and set me astride him. He gripped my chin, bringing my face close to his and licked my lips. Just licked them. To and fro, never giving me his tongue. It was wet and freakin’ hot.
Jesus, this man was sex incarnate. Being with him felt like watching ‘romantic’ porn in slow motion. Everything was so precise and unhurried. Governor of his world, he had time on his hands and he played with it however he pleased. Making me feel as though I were a sweet, delicious candy that needed to be licked, sucked, and savored the right way in order to be dissolved into nothingness.
His tongue glided down my neck, to my collarbone, to my sternum. Cupping both breasts in his hands, he pressed a kiss between them and whispered, “These, they are perfect, Krissan. So … fucking … perfect.”
And then a nipple was being sucked into his hot mouth.
My body bowed into his as his tongue flickered around my nipple, making me feel things I’ve never once felt from getting my nipples sucked. Dear Lord. Did I mention the man had a freakin’ amazing tongue? I might have. But I feel the need to reiterate: Trevillo Nelson’s tongue was frigging lethal.
Tongue gliding to the other breast, he bit. That’s all. One tiny bite and I almost came. Yeah, he was good. Real good.
Wrapping one arm around my waist to keep me steady, he leaned forward to grab his jeans from the floor and stole a condom from one of the back pockets. Breathlessly, I watched as he tore open the packet and rolled on the condom. Once he was done, I didn’t wait for instructions; I locked my hands around his neck and rose up above his length.
He grabbed my hips and stopped me before I could ease down on him. Moving in for a swift kiss, he told me, “I want you to fuck me, Krissy. Hard and fast. Ride me like you mean it. Like you want to break me. Split me in fucking two.”
After saying his say, he reclined back on the bed and let go of my hips. He kept his eyes on mine, daring me to do anything other than what he ordered me to do. Having absolutely no problem with giving him what he wanted, instead of easing down on his length, I slammed down in one swift go. Don’t even ask if that move hurt. I felt pain travel straight up my body, as if it was cracking me in two. But boy, it felt damn good.
Trevillo’s eyes grew lazy as he sucked in a breath at the unexpected motion. Starting out slow, I rocked my hips back and forth, giving myself time to acclimatize to his size. When I grew unbearably close, I started to ride him. Leaning back, I gripped his thighs for stability and rode him like I meant it. That’s what he wanted.
“Nails,” he groaned, nostrils flaring.
Thinking that I was hurting him by gripping him too hard with my long-nailed fingers, I immediately released his thighs.
“No, fuck, no!” he growled, grabbing my hips and urging me to ride him harder. “Sink your fucking nails into my flesh, Krissan. Hard. Let me feel it.”
Then I remembered what he told me earlier about his predilection for pain. Though it was kind of weird for me, I complied without hesitancy and gripped his thighs, sinking my nails into his flesh.
His eyes slammed shut as he groaned a sound that could only be described as raw pleasure. “Harder, babe,” he spurred on, rocking my hips faster.
The sight of him beneath me, twisted in pleasure, tensed, his body arching up off the bed, his neck exposed with bulging veins as he pressed his head back into the mattress while thrusting himself up deep inside me, was, hands down, the sexiest goddamn thing I’d ever seen.
Ever.
This man was sex personified. Sex. Raw sex. Sinful sex. Sex in the damn flesh. Just sex. The burning sight of him sent me into an instant, unprepared-for explosion. And I shattered into the hardest, longest, most intense orgasm I’d ever had. My fingers digging deeper into Trevillo’s flesh as my orgasm seized my body and wrung me dry.
Trevillo gripped my hips tighter and began thrusting faster up into me, his breathing sharp and harsh, his face drenched in sweat. Then, the most erotic thing happened: he locked his eyes with mine, lifted me by the hips completely off his length, then slammed me back down on him and roared, yes, roared as he arched up off the bed stilled at his climax. Eyes never closing, never leaving mine, but boring into me, pouring into me all the pleasure he was feeling, with every spasm, every pulsation.
That’s when I came to the conclusion that, before Trevillo, every other sexual encounter I’d ever had was, compared to this, foreplay. This right here, was the real deal. My breath was snatched. How was I going to walk away from this in the morning?
Emptied, drained, Trevillo rolled over so I was on my back and he was on top of me. He slid out of me and got up to take off the condom. Knotting it at the top, he dropped it in a nearby bin and came back to lie next to me on the bed. One finger slid up my seam then straight up my body and was forced into my mouth. I sucked his finger, tasting myself, and he smiled a satisfied smile, his eyes hooded and sleepy. “Krissan Kingston, you are amazing.”
Rolling over on his back, he hauled me on top of him and pushed back the sweat-wet bangs from my face. “And I want to give you everything.” He kissed me softly, laid my head down on his chest and breathed, “Everything.”
And all I could think at that point was …
Shit.



Chapter 8
T. Nelson
Contemplating
Trevillo hit the line that refused to stop blinking on his receiver and answered with a cross, “What, Milo?”
“Sarah James is here to see you, boss,” Milo informed him, and he could tell the asshole was smirking. “Should I send her in?”
Trevillo rubbed at his aching forehead. He wasn’t in the mood to deal with Sarah’s shit right now. He’d been expecting a visit from her since he’d had her notified of being dropped from the Skylark project. She took longer than he’d expected, and now she couldn’t have chosen a worst juncture to visit, because his mood was in the bitters. Had been in the bitters since Saturday morning, actually. However, he might as well deal with whatever tantrum Sarah was about to throw and get it over with.
He gave Milo the go ahead and seconds later, Sarah barged into his office. Attitude in full effect. Sarah James was a strikingly attractive woman. She was above average height, standing over six feet tall when she wore heels. Lean and sexy.
Long, coal-dark hair channeled down her back, almost hitting her waist, with feline green eyes having a natural come-hither gleam to them. As mentioned before, she was striking. And married. To a filthy drug dealer who used his successful insurance company as a front to hide his dirt.
And, oh, she was one of his fucks.
Sarah James was the only ‘affair’ he’d ever kept. Almost every other woman was once. If they were memorable, a couple more times, and he was done. He was dumb, but not that dumb. He challenged danger, but not that much. He let his cock rule him at times, but not that stupidly. Of course, he wasn’t going to stick around long enough for their husbands to blow his head off for screwing their wives.
Sure, his wealth was so vast he smelled like money, but that didn’t make him invincible. Husbands who love and cherish their wives will cap a bullet in your ass. No questions asked.
But Sarah, she had a little something going on for her. She knew how to touch him, when to touch him, how to make him feel pain and pleasure all at once. She knew her shit. So he’d been screwing around with her for close to a year. That’s a record.
But then she began to grow clingy and presumptuous; that made him start to take a few steps back from her. Kept reminding her she was married and he wasn’t willing to have his brains blown out by her trigger-happy, pussy-whipped husband.
Until he’d heard her mumble something with the word “love” entangled in it. That was it for him. He took himself the fuck out of there. But Sarah didn’t seem to get the memo yet, even though he hadn’t been with her in months. Now he’d dropped her from a project … Uh huh, this bitch was about to blow.
“Wanna tell me why you dropped me from the Skylark project, Mr. Nelson?” she gritted out, no preamble.
Definitely not in the mood for this.
“Because it seems you’ve been multi-tasking: creating shitty designs while deep-throating Johnson’s cock. Maybe even during a golden shower?” His forehead started throbbing harder with a headache growing more intense instead of subsiding. “You’ve grown comfortable and lazy, Sarah, and you’re giving me shit to work with.”
“I hardly have sex with Johnson anymore, and you know it,” she defensively shot.
Who gives a shit about her and her beach ball of a husband? Swear to God, the son-of-a-bitch was a triple-size version of Rolie Polie Olie.
“Sarah,” he said patiently, even though he was anything but. “I don’t care two fucks about what you do with your husband. ‘Cause he’s just that, yeah? Your husband.”
Sarah dropped her gaze and nodded.
“What I do care about is the quality of work you’re presenting. You haven’t produced anything innovative for a while now. Therefore, you won’t be assigned to anymore luxury projects until you get your shit together. Got that?”
She must’ve known she’d been slacking on the job because she didn’t react as he’d expected her to. She simply nodded again, sniffed, and rubbed her nose. He almost thought she was crying when she sniffed again, but that wasn’t it.
“Are you sniffing Johnson’s shit?”
Her gaze snapped to his at the question, and she immediately slid on that lecherous demeanor only Sarah James owned. “No, no. Of course not.”
She crossed his office and rounded his desk to perch on the edge in a lewd position that, once upon a time, would’ve had his cock fighting against his zipper, wanting out, wanting in. But not today. Not anymore.
Because he’d been fucked by an angel.
And he was beginning to believe there was no way to turn back once you’ve had your cock inside angel. You’re fucked, and then you’re owned. He learned angels were far more intense than demons. Which was why he’d been contemplating since Saturday morning whether he should go in the opposite direction to prevent being thoroughly ruined, or whether he should chase after the angel who’d fucked him like a demon, then flew away.
“So, who did you find with skills as good as mine to assign to Skylark?” Sarah inquired as she pushed aside his laptop and shifted her ass so she was spread wide in front of him, dragging her skirt up to her hips to flash him the goods.
“Someone who can get the job done.”
Trevillo swiveled his chair around, got up, and went over to the kitchenette to fetch two aspirins. He knocked them back with a tall glass of water.
By the time he turned around, Sarah was in his face, her green eyes narrowed. “I hear it’s that dressy short blond Krissan Kingston. I know you don’t do young girls, but, you’re not fucking her, are you?”
“Sarah,” he said, losing his patience. “You need to get out of my office.”
She lunged forward and sank her teeth deep into the side of his neck. And it felt good. Man did it feel good. But his cock still wasn’t responding to her.
Elbowing her off, he pointed to the door. “Get the fuck out, Sarah.”
She flinched, and her expression seemed pained as she stared back at him, as if she was finally getting the message he’d been trying to convey to her for months now: this, was done.
“If you’re acting like this because you’re jealous of Johnson, Trevillo, I’m telling you the truth, I don’t love him,” she whispered. “It’s you. I want to be with you. Not him.”
Trevillo decided the woman had either lost a screw, or she was sniffing Johnson’s coke. Why in the devil’s hell would he be jealous of that corpulent piece of shit?
Clutching onto his lapels, she pleaded, “Please, you have to believe me, baby.”
Again, he wasn’t in the goddamn mood for this nonsense. He had a headache that wouldn’t subside, and this deluded woman was making it worse.
“Sarah, listen to me, I don’t care about you and your husband, get me? Don’t. Care.” He peeled her fingers off his jacket. “Whatever we had going on, it’s done. I’m bored with it. So please, just go. Any discussion we have after this will be solely work-related.”
Pinching the bridge of his nose, he turned and strode dismissively back to his desk. When he sat down and looked up, Sarah was throwing daggers at him with her eyes.
“You better not be fucking that girl, Trevillo. Or I promise, I’ll have the both of you fucked up.” Then she turned and stormed from his office.
Relieved of the nut case, Trevillo reclined back in his chair, tossed an arm across his face, and resumed his contemplation. Still contemplating. Since Saturday morning, he’d been goddamn contemplating.
The last thing he remembered after being screwed into drowsiness by Krissan Kingston on Friday night was falling asleep with her small body draped across his. Thinking to himself how deep he was feeling her. How much she made him want to give her everything. Make all her dreams come through. Yeah, being inside her was that good. Made his brain all warped and incoherent. Made him say things out loud that was supposed to remain in his head. Things he’d never said to a woman before.
He’d known. He’d known since they had lunch at Skylark that day, if he touched her, he’d be ruined. And he’d told himself he wouldn’t pursue her anymore. But after a week of not being able to dispel the images of her exotic beauty from his mind, he’d found himself on her doorstep.
On her doorstep! Him. Trevillo Nelson!
Swear to God, all he’d planned on doing was grabbing a few drinks and try to get to know her a bit more. There was something enigmatic about her, something she had hidden. On the outside, she was virginal. But when she opened her mouth, she was something fierce. High contrast.
Yet, it made her so damn intriguing. She was straight as an arrow and held nothing back. If she was angry, she showed that she was angry. If she was annoyed, she showed that she was annoyed. And when she was aroused, sweet fucking hell, it was all there, reddening her cheeks and darkening her eyes.
Her eyes, the dreamy look they got whenever she was aroused. The way she looked up at him as if he were a God. As if she were in awe of him. Damn if that didn’t send his brain into overdrive, his dick in a frenzy, and his heart on a marathon.
Krissan Kingston was what he’d never known. And it made him crave her. Want more of her. All of her. Everything.
So, true, all he’d planned to do was have a drink and talk. Nothing else, he swore it. But then … she bit him.
Then …
She bit him harder.
All plans got shot to shit after that. He’d wanted her immediately. Wanted inside her. With a need he’d never felt before. The need was too urgent. Too wild. Too … much. Just too much. And surprisingly, it scared him. Him, Trevillo Marco-Dean Nelson, got scared by his hard-on.
He’d fallen asleep with wild thoughts of all he wanted to do to, and for her. But when he woke up the next morning, he was alone in bed, and the angel’s feather was nowhere in sight. He almost thought he dreamt the whole thing, because he refused to believe he’d been fucked into oblivion and then ditched.
Never in a million.
For a few minutes, he’d made himself believe the night before was a dream, because that night, the things he’d felt, had been too good to be reality.
Until he went out on the balcony, saw the two wine glasses and had to accept the night had been real. That he had been screwed and ditched for the first time in his life.
Unfuckingbelievable.
Since then, he’d been contemplating. Whether he should go after her or not. He was reluctant because of the alarming pull he had towards her. The way he found himself unable to forget her. The way his cock grew rock-hard each time he remembered being inside her. The way he was just always … thinking … thinking … thinking about her. He couldn’t stop himself.
But as much as he was reluctant, he wanted her. He wanted to go after her. He wanted to make her his. Never before had he wanted to own anyone. His style was borrowing women who were already owned. But now he found himself wanting to possess this girl and lock her away. From the eyes of anything with a dick.
Especially from her so-called brother who clearly wanted to fuck her. He couldn’t figure out if Krissy was oblivious to his desires, or just not acknowledging them. Either way, Trevillo hoped nothing would come of it.
It was Monday afternoon, and Trevillo was still contemplating.
To chase her or not to chase her?
That was the question …



Chapter 9
K. Kingston
Breathing
The chimes above the salon door went off as I pushed it open. Marsha glanced up at the sound and waved me over to her station where a client was walking away looking satisfied.
Marsha Rickettes, a thick-legged, big-booty, hazel-eyed Armenian with black bobbed-hair, had been my best friend for four years now. She swore like a sailor, never beat around the bush, suffered from neurosis and was straight-up awesome.
She was one of Jahleel’s random hookups who wanted ‘more’. And when he’d treated her in true Jahleel fashion, she’d taken it harder than all his other girls — like, breaking-dishes-over-his-head, slashing-his-jeep-tires and threatening-to-cut-his-balls-off hard — and I felt sympathetic enough to empathize with her, which resulted in us becoming close friends.
I tried convincing Jahleel to make things up with her, to give her a chance, but all he did was turn her into an Again. Same treatment repeated. Yet, the martyr Marsha was, she kept going back for more.
After a year during which she claimed she was over Jahleel, she found a rich douche to knock her up. I referred to him as Prime Douche, because, well, who gets a woman impregnated, then leaves her a quick three months after the baby’s born without explanation?
That’s what Marsha told me, at least. Even though I found it odd and out-of-the-blue, considering the fact that he flat-out loved Marsha. At the news of her pregnancy, Prime Douche bought her this hair salon to jump-start a career in what she did best — hair, nails, and make-up — and then he’d gone ahead and bought her a house. Talk about an overly excited soon-to-be dad! Every step of the way, he’d been there at her beck and call, one hundred percent supportive. Then baby Claire came, and poof, Prime Douche was gone. Like smoke. Not a trace of him left behind.
Marsha smiled at me as she withdrew a tail-comb from inside the wide pocket of her apron and tapped on the back of her chair. “Sit. How shall I chop you up today? Rihanna? Miley Cyrus? Pink?”
Plopping down into the chair, I answered, “No idea. And that’s a first. How about an Amber Rose?”
Marsha whacked me with the comb. “Hell no! You crazy, bitch?”
“Yeah,” I sighed. “Think I’m having a Britney Spears moment.”
Fastening a cape around me, she swiveled the chair around and stood behind it looking at me in the mirror with her mouth twisted to one side; the concentrated expression she got whenever she was deciding on what to do with a client’s hair. She brought a hand up and around to the overgrown bangs and ruffled them with her fingers.
“Okay,” she began, decision made. “I’m gonna make these heavy bangs thinner and higher so your eyebrows are visible. Then I’m gonna fade down the back and the sides, low, but not too low. Then I’ll re-shape your eyebrows into sharp-elbows which will make your features more striking, especially when you smoke your eyes. No celebrity copy this time. Today I’m gonna do Krissy K, cool?”
Rolling my eyes at her, I sat back and let her work. She didn’t know how honest I’d been about having a Britney Spears moment. Over the past week, since I did the famous Krissy K sneak out, to a certain Trevillo Nelson this time, I was going insane.
Unhinged. Unfocused. Daydreaming. Guilt-ridden.
Never before had I given a second thought to my one-nighters. But this time wasn’t the case. This time I wanted more. I wanted more of Trevillo. I wanted to go a second time and maybe even a third. I wanted to make him an Again.
Since last Friday, I fell asleep each night thinking about how earth-shattering sex with him had been. The image of him tensed and tight with pleasure and arched up off the bed was burned into my mind and wouldn’t leave. The sound of him roaring like the freakin’ king of the jungle as he came wouldn’t leave my ears. The all-masculine smell of him wouldn’t leave my nostrils. And I wanted more. Much more.
Nevertheless, I fought to keep a distance. Besides, he didn’t seem to care that I’d left. With his last whispered words about how he wanted to make me his and give me everything, one would think he would’ve cared, even a modicum, that I left. But I, long ago, learned lessons from other people’s mistakes and knew men will issue sweet promises before they taste you. Then whisper sweet wishes post-coital. But after it all wears off, those sweet words become bitter as gall, as men so often seem to forget all the bullshit they utter in the throes of passion.
I’d seen firsthand the smoothness, suaveness, gentleness with which Jahleel treated women before he had them. Once he tapped them, he was a Grade-A asshole.
Therefore, I wasn’t in the least bit surprised a week had passed, and Trevillo hadn’t tried reaching out to me. Fine by me. Really. After all, I was the one who ditched him.
Now, if only I could get myself to stop thinking about him every second, every minute, every hour of the goddamn day. Wishing I had more of that tongue. That delicious, expert tongue.
Stop, Krissan. Just freakin’ stop!
“Huh,” Marsha mused above my head, her mouth twisting to the side as she eyed me with suspicion in the mirror.
“Huh, what?”
Wagging the scissors in her hand, she replied, “I’ve never seen that look on you before. But I know it. Perfectly. Oh, boy, do I know it.”
“What’re you talking about, Marsh?”
Narrowing her eyes further, she stated, “Someone’s gotten to you.”
When I swallowed and made no attempt to refute, she began jumping up and down. “Finally! Dear God, finally!” Then she abruptly stopped jumping and glared. “Krissy K, please tell me you didn’t do a runner?”
Overwhelmed, I brought my hands up to cover my face and screamed into them, not caring about the other patrons in the salon. Feeling a tad better after that release, I removed my hands from my face and looked at Marsha in the mirror, who was now full-on scowling. “It’s driving me crazy. Crazy, Marsh. Please don’t rub in.”
Marsha’s lips flattened, and without another word, she resumed her task at hand. Whenever she was pissed, she had to be given a few minutes to cool down; otherwise, the subject responsible for her anger would be bombarded with a slew of profanities and threats severe enough to inflict bodily harm. So I kept quiet and waited for her to simmer.
A few seething minutes later when she swiveled the chair around to trim my bangs, she asked, “So, who was he?”
Sure, she’d simmered down. But I knew when I answered that question, she was going to go ape-shit on me. “Um … Trevillo Nelson?”
Marsha stilled for a quick second, then, surprisingly, she continued trimming the bangs and asked in a casual tone, “Trevillo Nelson, as in, real estate tycoon? Owner of that large company you work for? Hot, brooding, six three hunk who has a five star hotel in almost every state and country? That Trevillo Nelson?”
My reply was hesitant. “Y-yes?”
“Oh. Okay.”
There was something off about how calm she was being about that piece of information. Marsha didn’t do calm. However, she quietly trimmed my bangs for the next ten minutes, then swiveled the chair back around to the mirror. Before I knew to shield myself, a wide-tooth comb whacked my skull.
“Ow!”
The comb came down hard on my arm this time, again, and again. “You are one fucked-up bitch, Krissy K!” She whacked me again. “Fucked. Up!”
“Stop hitting me,” I whined, rubbing my arm.
“Girl, I wanna strangle you!” she yelled. “Who the hell pulls a runner on a man like Trevillo Nelson?! You that stupid?”
Hearing this, the others in the salon zoned in on me, eyeing me and shaking their heads as if thinking to themselves that I was indeed an idiot. “Would you keep your damn voice down,” I hissed at Marsha.
Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath, and said, “Okay. I’m calm. But tell me, why did you do that? Especially since it’s so obvious you like him.”
“Marsh, be realistic here. What would a man like him want with me other than sex? He’s not — ”
“Did he say outright that’s all he wanted? Or did he act like a man and treated you like a woman?”
“The latter?” It was half-question, half-answer.
“News flash, Krissy K, men like Trevillo Nelson have the world in their hands. That means, all the bitches in it, too. A man like him wouldn’t need to sweet talk you to get laid. If all he wanted to do was fuck, then he’d let you know that’s all he wanted. If he wanted more from you than your vagina, then he would treat you like someone with a vagina, not treat you like a vagina. Believe me, I should know.”
Glaring back at her in the mirror, I challenged, “If that’s the case, then why hasn’t he come after me?”
Marsha gawked at me as if I were daft. “Because you ditched him. You think a man of his status wouldn’t show a bit of pride?”
Knowing that was true, I folded my lips and shut the hell up. How could I possibly expect Trevillo to come chasing after me? “Well, that’s shot to shit now. So I guess we can stop talking about him.”
Marsha smirked. “I must say, I’m having fun seeing you suffer. That ought to teach you to stop messing around with people’s feelings. You and your shithead of a brother — or, whatever the hell you two are. Karma’s a bitch, isn’t she?”

I left Marsha’s salon feeling fresher than a mint on a pillow. My new haircut was edgier than it’s ever been, and she’d shaped my eyebrows into sharp arches that did wonders for my face. Trust Marsha Badass Rickettes to sort a girl out.
In the parking lot, I hopped into my white, two-door Nissan Altima and sped off to Jahleel’s dance studio.
It was Friday, and the workmen back at Skylark were drilling up the concrete to install wiring and lighting fixtures, so I didn’t have much of anything to do there but pop in to see if all was on track. I worked fast, I worked smart, and I worked hard. Meaning, I prudently scheduled things ahead of time.
Being an experienced designer, I practiced thinking, not one, but ten steps ahead. Reasons being, shipments got delayed, inventory went out of stock, creations got messed up, workmen made mistakes that had to be uprooted and redone, hidden problems popped-up out of nowhere and rendered tasks longer than estimated time … Basically, things went askew more often than not. And that induced migraines.
So over the years, I learned to set things in motion far ahead of time as a precautionary measure. Such shrewdness tended to grant me idle time whenever things were going smoothly. And at the moment, things were running smoother than olive oil. So I left the site at noon, went to get bitched-up at the salon, and now was going to loaf at Jahleel’s studio.
He told me he was choreographing Saskia Day. A Brit who came to the states a few years ago and did a reality show, Days of Saskia, to fire up her music career, and thus, had taken off into stardom. People loved her unique style of music, some called it pop-rock, some say power-pop, some say rock and some just say pop. I say, who cares what’s the genre? Her music sounded helluva awesome, whatever it was.
When I arrived at the studio, I cheerily waved to Dada at the security desk, a burly African American, who grinned back at me as I skipped up to the dance room. The booming bass of Look At Me Now hit me before I even got near the door. When I entered, I found Jahleel and his boys practicing break-dances. Figures.
Spotting me in the wall-mirrors, he signaled for the music to be turned down and came across the room to lift me in a hug. “Hey, bad girl. Never told me you’d be comin’ by.”
Kissing his cheek, I wiggled as a signal for him to put me down. “Just one of those days where the work site doesn’t need me.”
Ruggedly sexy in über-faded cut-off jeans, white tee, gray beat-up sneakers, and a gray beanie on his head that hid his awesome hair, he tossed an arm around my shoulders and walked me farther into the vast room. “Well, glad you stopped by. You hardly ever come here anymore.”
“Weren’t you supposed to be choreographing Saskia Day today?”
Jahleel snorted. “Ever seen Saskia doin’ any form of dance routines during her performances?”
I laughed. “True. Not with her kind of music.”
“She’s … I dunno,” he said with a careless shrug.
“Where is she, anyway?”
On cue, the studio door opened and the subject of our conversation came in with an entourage. Saskia Day was of average height, maybe five feet six. She presented with her head of wild-and-sexy black curls tipped deep-purple at the ends. Casual, she wore savagely ripped black jeans, black tee with white graffiti, and unlaced black and white Chucks. Her right arm was covered in tattoos, and she had a cute piercing over her left eyebrow. Gray eyes smoky, she had a waist that seemed surgical, because it was too unbelievably slim to be real. She rocked.
Those eyes narrowed on me as she came towards us; her entourage remained at the door.
“Ready to go again?” Jahleel asked her. “Or do you have another pack of cigarettes you wanna empty?”
The eyes that held hostility and annoyance in them when narrowed at me, changed immediately to a longing lust when they shifted to Jahleel. But either Jahleel was oblivious to this or he didn’t care, because he wore the expression he usually does whenever he’s annoyed and was barely being tolerable.
Saskia Day took a breath as if to say something, then stopped, and sighed. It was awkward silence for a moment, then she replied, her British accent thick, “Nah. Done for the day.”
She shifted her gaze back to me, and this time, they held neither anger nor annoyance, but rather seemed poignant. “You must be JK’s girlfriend, yeah?”
“No,” I laughed. “I’m Krissy.”
“And Krissy is … ?”
Before I could answer, Jahleel bit out, “Krissy’s just Krissy.” He arched a brow at her. “You weren’t clear just now. You’re done smokin’ for the day, or you’re done practicin’? Which?”
Okay, Jahleel wasn’t usually this much of asshole unless he’d already banged the woman who he was being an asshole with. Therefore, in the midst of that tense exchange, I was left to wonder if he’d already boned Saskia Day and was tired of her.
Saskia’s lips drew tight and her eyes narrowed as she hissed back, “Both.”
Stuffing her hands in her back pockets, she seemed a bit lost as if wondering what she should do with herself next. She glanced back at her entourage at the door which consisted of two steroid-ridden men and three highly polished girls, then turned back to Jahleel. “Ma’ mates back there … said they’ve heard about you and wanted to see ya’ … dance.”
See, I was an expert at lying, so I could detect a lie the second I heard it. And Saskia Day was straight up lying. She was the one who wanted to see him dance. She so wanted Jahleel.
Jahleel must’ve picked up on the lie, because he smirked at her. When she remained poker-faced, he shrugged his shoulders and told one of his boys, “Jason Derulo’s Breathing.”
Walking backward to the middle of the room, he pulled his tee up and off and tossed it at me. I caught it before it hit my face. The feel of Saskia’s hand looping around my arm made me jump. Giving me a genuine smile, she walked us off to one corner of the room.
Taken aback, I might have been a bit robotic for a while. I mean, Saskia Day, an on-top-of-the-world celebrity was holding on to my arm as if we were kindergarten BFF’s. Sure, she was either a year younger or the same age as me, but still, she was Saskia Day.
The vibration of my cellphone pulled me out of my mini-shock. I pulled it out of my pocket and read the incoming text message from Carlos:

Hey KK,
Need you today.
Can it happen?

Not when Jahleel was about to dance! I texted back:

Can’t. Busy.
Rain check.
x

“You two close, yeah?” Saskia asked me as I stuffed my cellphone back into my pocket. Her eyes were glued to the shirtless Jahleel who’d started some sexy foot move to the intro of the song.
“Yep. We live together.”
Her body went wooden as she snapped her head to me. “I thought you said — ”
Holding up a palm to stop her, I informed her, “We’re, um … His parents adopted me when I was young.”
“Oh.” Her shoulders visibly relaxed. “So you’re brother and sister. Why didn’t he just say that?”
Wincing at that, I rested a palm on her shoulder. “Word of advice: if you don’t wanna get on his wrong side, don’t ever refer to us as brother and sister.”
Her brows crinkled. “Why?”
All I offered to that question was a jerk of my shoulders as I turned my attention back to Jahleel on the dance floor. He was doing some wicked foot move to the fast beat of the song, his sweaty abs rippling as he worked his hips then did a back flick. Wisps of his sandy brown hair escaped from beneath his beanie, damp with sweat. As always, when in the throes of dancing, his teeth remained clamped down on his bottom lip.
Each time I watched him dance, I felt as if I was watching him dance for the first time. He was so good at it and so damn sexy, anyone in a skirt who watched him dance and didn’t want to screw his brains out afterward, had to be an alien disguised as human.
While I was lost in his breathtaking performance, I became aware of Saskia singing the words of the song, her fingers tapping to the beat on my wrist. That’s when I took notice of how intimate the words of the song were.
Spying from the corner of my eye, I watched how Saskia’s eyes were fiercely locked onto Jahleel, she wasn’t even blinking. Then I began listening to the words of the song and wondered why Jahleel had chosen that specific song. Did he like her, too, and was sending some kind of message? The thought kind of pissed me off.
Saskia Day was hot, sexy and intense, and Jahleel was parallel. Where Saskia had a tattoo sleeve on her right arm, Jahleel had a design that covered his entire left side down to his hip bone. On his right arm, he had inscriptions that started from his shoulder down to his wrist, and he had his surname ‘KINGSTON’ spread across his upper back. I couldn’t think of anyone who would match him better than Saskia.
I hated the idea, because then he might fall for her. But I somehow kind of liked it, because I wanted old feelings to remain where they’d been banished.
I turned my attention back to Jahleel and found him facing in our direction and staring straight at me as he hip-rolled to the music. His face was serious, intense.
In my conflicted state, I randomly yelled, “Whoo! Show ‘em, JK!”
He frowned at me and did a cross-flick that propelled him in the other direction.
“Is he always such an asshole?” Saskia asked out of the blue.
Turning to her, I stared at her dead on. “Have you fucked him?”
Her head jerked back at the question, no doubt taken aback by my forwardness. After all, she was her.
When she didn’t answer, I raised a brow. “Have you?”
“N-no. I haven’t.”
“Well, he’s only an asshole to women he’s already fucked. A dirty habit,” I offered. “So if he’s been that way with you, then you must’ve done something to turn him off.”
Which wouldn’t make sense if he was dancing to a specific song to subliminally send a message to her.
She squinted at me in hesitance, as though wondering whether she could trust me enough to talk to me. “Do you … think it’s because I smoke?”
The song ended, and I watched as Jahleel started towards us, one big ball of heaving muscles and sweat. “I don’t know of him having anything against smokers.”
A sound akin to a sigh of frustration left her just as Jahleel reached us. He snatched his T-shirt from the crook of my arm and wiped the sweat from his face.
Turning to Saskia, he winked. Ugh. “Why don’t you go find out what your friends thought of that performance?”
Saskia stared up at him through narrowed, frustrated eyes, while Jahleel stared back at her with impassivity. She took a breath as if to blow fire at him, then she closed her eyes, shook her head, and flounced off.
Jahleel turned to me and returned the grin I was giving him. “What’s that grin for?”
My grin was genuinely fake. It was me pretending I liked that he liked her, as I poked a finger at his chest and whispered, “You like her. Like, like her! The chemistry between you two is … phew.”
Jahleel’s smile melted and creases formed between his brows as he frowned. “What’re you talkin’ about?”
Folding my arms, I gave him the squinted-eyed look. “Think I don’t see how Saskia keeps tripping over one lust pebble after another? Then you chose that song … that sexy performance … ” Smirking, I pointed one short finger in his face. “Just admit it, you like her.”
Jahleel shook his head, looking at me the same way Marsha had looked at me a few hours ago: like I was daft. “You think I chose that song and did that performance for … her?”
“Then who did you do it for?” I asked, feigning confusion.
Say me.
Dragging off his beanie, he raked a hand through his damp hair and glanced over his shoulder to the doorway where Saskia and her entourage were shuffling to leave.
Say it, dammit!
When he turned back to me, he suddenly seemed tired, exhausted, and defeated. “Let’s just … go grab somethin’ to eat. I say Pizza.”
His voice was strained, and it was clear he was struggling for nonchalance. Just as I was.
Feeling just as defeated, I slid a hand around his waist, hooking my thumb through his belt loop as we walked to the door.
“By the way, your new haircut is fuckin’ fierce,” he commented, smoothing two fingers over the bangs. “I know the crazy bitch hates my guts, but tell Marsh I said she’s boss.”
I snorted. “Yeah, right. That’s exactly what she does: Hate you.”
Marsha still wanted Jahleel. If I delivered that message, she’d be on his doorstep the next night, wearing a trench coat and nothing else. I knew it. And he knew it.
Eyes narrowed at the doorway, all of a sudden serious, he mysteriously said, “A hate that’s love.”



Chapter 10
K. Kingston
Outside Inside
“Sure you don’t wanna come?” Jahleel asked me as he shrugged on a matte black biker jacket, to complete his ensemble of ripped-up acid-wash jeans, black Timberland boots, plain white tee and a dangling platinum dog tag chain. “The G2k Girls are really good. They’re gonna blow the lid with this concert tonight. After all,” he smirked, popping his collar. “I’m who choreographed them.”
Rolling my eyes at his cockiness, I stuffed a throw-pillow under my head where I was sprawled out on his couch. “Nope. Fashion Police is about to start. Can’t give up Joan Rivers for The G2k brats — of which I can bet a mil you’ve already screwed all four of them with none being the wiser.”
Scooping up his keys from the side table, he intoned, “That’s not true … ” He crossed his eyes to look down at his own nose, something he often did whenever he told an obvious lie, to check if his nose was growing inches.
As always, I giggled.
“See? My nose hasn’t grown an inch.”
He leaned over the back of the couch to kiss my nose. Then he was out the door.
Snuggling up under my leopard print blanket, I upped the volume on the television, ready to watch Joan Rivers dish it out on the fashion hoes. On a typical Friday night, I’d normally be watching this program while I got dressed to go clubbing either with Jahleel or Marsha. But tonight I just wasn’t feeling it.
I was still in guilt mode for ditching Trevillo. Inside my head, thoughts of him were hot, white-hot, which meant I needed more and more and more of him to get rid of him. More of the man with the skillful tongue and the body of a god. He was far from being ‘out of my system’.
But what could I do at this point? With a man like him, I knew I’d blown my chances with that asinine act of mine. He might have deemed it disrespectful — because it was. He might even hate me — because I deserved it. Was probably red angry — because he should be. Or he, for all I knew, was glad he didn’t have to do the ditching himself.
It was a sweet encounter, an unforgettable one, but it was now over and done with. Time to move on and quit woolgathering.
Around fifteen minutes into Fashion Police, I heard the muffled sound of my cellphone ringing. Buried somewhere amongst me, the couch, the blanket and scads of throw pillows, I had to do a lot of digging and tossing to locate it. But by the time I found it, the ringing ceased. The screen showed a missed call from an ‘unknown number’.
Just as I started snuggling back under my blanket, the phone started ringing again. This time, a known number flashed on the screen.
“Hello?”
“I’m outside” was all that voice said, then hung up.
It took me a moment to realize I’d gone inert — as was becoming the usual thing whenever I was in his presence. However, I wasn’t in his presence. All I heard were two curt words uttered by his voice. And there I was, out of breath, heart palpitating, goosebumps rising on the skin …
He came after me.
Trevillo Nelson came after me.
Suppressing a grin, I rang back the number, and when he answered, I mirrored his curtness and said, “I’m inside.” Then hung up.
The phone immediately began ringing again, and I pressed the answer button but didn’t speak, biting my lip in hot anticipation. I could hear his breathing: heavy, but relaxed. In a carnal vein, he told me, slowly, “You’re inside. I’m outside. I want to be inside you. But that can’t happen unless you come outside.” He paused, then, “Do you want me inside you?” A beat of silence. “You know what to do.” Then the line went dead.
Flaming fires of hell, burn me now.
I was wet … soaking wet.
Like a coil, I sprung up from the couch, scrambled for my house slippers and next, I was out the front door, heading down the driveway to where Trevillo was leaning back against his black Audi, arms folded across his chest, face staid.
He wore dark jeans and a navy polo T-shirt, the short sleeves cupping around muscles that were too wide, too mature, just too much for that simple T-shirt. At that moment, he was the definition of the phrase ‘too sexy for ma’ clothes’.
I was sure he’d been aiming for simple and casual when he was dressing, but he could pull off anything but ‘simple and casual’ with all that raw masculinity emanating from him with each breath. There was nothing simple about this man. He’d never be able to nail simplicity no matter how hard he tried. No tattoos, no piercings, or artificial swagger was needed to make him seem tough or interesting. Au naturel, he had that awe-inspiring formidableness down pat.
As I stopped in front of him, I studied his unreadable eyes and impassive expression, noting they weren’t congruent with how he’d sounded on that last call. Or the words spoken that catapulted me out of the house at bullet speed.
I suddenly became self-conscious under his penetrative gaze, unsure of what to do with my hands, what to say, or how to act. His stare was too much like a glare as it raked me over.
Wearing only a pale-blue cotton tee, sans bra, and fuchsia shorts, I felt naked under his glare, stare, or whatever that look was.
After an eon of stare down, he asked in quiet tone, “If you want me this bad, why did you leave?”
Dropping my gaze, I stared down at my red-painted toenails, rubbing the back of my neck as I tried to come up with a plausible answer. “Um, well … ”
“Because I brought you to a hotel?” he asked, still impassive. “Did I make you feel less of a woman in any way?”
There wasn’t a chance to answer the question, because he swept me up off the ground and threw me on the hood of his car, my thighs spread apart, accompanied by him between them. Hands on either side of me, he leaned down and closed his eyes with a deep inhalation. “You always smell amazing … ” Eyes slowly opening, he brought up a hand to rake his fingers through my bangs. “And you always look amazing … I love what you’ve done to your hair.”
By then, I was breathing fast, both from desire and from the rush of knowing how hot we must look to peeping neighbors.
Head lowered, he pressed a kiss in the dip at the base of my neck, then trailed kisses up said neck and around to my ear, whispering, “Let me explain … ” He licked at the sensitive spot behind my ear, and my eyes fluttered down on a moan. “I’m nomadic. I don’t necessarily have a place I call home apart from my father’s residence — my childhood home.”
His tongue dipped inside the shell of my ear this time, leaving me panting, mouth lax, eyes clenched shut, head tossed back. “I have apartments here and there, likewise hotels. So whichever I’m closest to when I decide to call it a day, that’s where I go. Majority of the time, it ends up being one of my hotels. So even though it’s a hotel to you, it’s home to me.”
Wow, not only did he come after me, he came with an explanation, as if he was the one who’d done wrong. When in reality, I could’ve cared less if he’d brought me to a hotel, a motel, or a cave. If other women gave a shit, I sure as hell didn’t. There was nothing he could’ve done to make me feel ‘cheap’ because I wasn’t seeking a husband or boyfriend. The sex was all I was about.
Nonetheless, letting him feel as if he was the one who did me wrong was damn well fine by me, because that saved me from finding some lame ass excuse pertaining to why I ditched him. So, accepting his explanation, I cupped his face and kissed him. His tongue was enthusiastic as mine was zealous, rubbing together, dancing around each other, catching and biting. I couldn’t get over how excellent of a kisser he was.
Half-heartedly trying to break the kiss, I mumbled against his lips, “I’m pretty sure we’re giving our neighbors quite a show.” Even as I said this, I pulled him closer, wrapping my legs around his waist. “The ones directly across the street are nosy Christians. They might — no, will disapprove and call the cops.” I kissed around his lips. “And we might get locked up for indecent behavior … ”
Trevillo made a deep-base chuckle, and the vibration escaped down my throat and sent shivers through me. God, I was aching for him.
Moving up off me, he lifted me from the car bonnet and set me back on my feet. “Get in the car. I’m taking you with me.”
Touching my swollen lips, I glanced down at my attire. “Gimme a sec, let me go get dressed and pack a — ”
“No. Come now. As you are.”
“But — ”
I got cut off when he lifted me up, brought me around to the passenger side and stuffed me in. When he rounded to the driver’s side, I asked in sarcasm, “Well, don’t you just like it that I’m at a disadvantage in height and weight?”
Turning his face to me, he grinned, and it was beautiful. Flat-out beautiful. “No, babe,” he answered as he leaned over to give me a quick peck, “I fucking love it.”
Then he hit the pedal.



Chapter 11
S. James
On Sarah’s Watch
Behind the lens of her binoculars, Sarah watched as Trevillo’s Audi sped off down the street with the little blond bitch inside. She didn’t want to believe he was fucking the little twit. After all, she knew he didn’t screw around with young, naïve bitches. But after his cold treatment towards her in his office on Monday, she’d suspected. Just suspected.
Trevillo never turned down her advances, because she knew how to get through to him. She knew being forward turned him on, big time. She knew he liked being fucked more than he liked to fuck. She could fuck him like a porn star, beat him like a Domme, and suck him like she had a vacuum for a mouth. And he loved it. He kept her around, didn’t he?
He screwed her straight into love. She fell in love with him hard and fast, and she was positive that love was mutual. Nonetheless, she got the feeling he was refraining from showing any emotion towards her because he was either jealous of Johnson, or wasn’t ready to admit to his love.
Each time he mentioned Johnson, she could smell jealousy on his breath. She, therefore, concluded those were his reasons for being so abrasive all of a sudden. Out of anger. To get her attention.
He’d dropped her from the Skylark project and now he was fucking Krissan Kingston, her replacement. If those drastic actions didn’t scream spitefulness, she didn’t know what would.
Dropping the binoculars, Sarah reached over to the passenger seat of her car and delved inside her handbag to find her shit. Her fingers came in contact with the plastic, and she took it out. Opening the small bag, she dipped her index finger inside and scooped some powder up in her long fingernail. Bringing it up to her nose, she sniffed it all in and leaned back, letting her head fall on the headrest.
She tried to oust the image of Trevillo kissing that dumb blond in such feverish haste as if he was a horny teenager getting between a girl’s legs for the first time. He’d never kissed Sarah like that before. In fact, he seldom kissed her. He was more of a raw lover. Rough and hard with no intimacy. No delicate touches and soft lingers.
But he was different with her.
Sarah convinced herself that Trevillo was just treating her according to her age. Young, inexperienced girls like Krissan Kingston needed that kind of soft and intimate shit, and she was merely being used as a jealousy bullet to get to Sarah. There was nothing Trevillo and that girl had in common. She was short, fragile, needy — the kind of girl who wanted to be cuddled after sex and showered with profusions of ‘I love you’s’.
He was tall and too much of a man. A whole lot of fucking male — quiet, commanding, demanding. Cared not an ounce for words and a lot for the physical.
A gush of arousal soaked between Sarah’s thighs just by thinking about how irresistible he was. And she loved him. Man, did she love him.
Tossing the small plastic bag of Snow White aside, she inched up her skirt and slid her hand inside her underwear, dipping her fingers in her slick heat. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she imagined Trevillo’s skillful tongue on her. That man’s tongue could send a woman to the moon and back.
Sarah’s loud moan flooded the car as she slid her fingers deep inside herself, imagining Trevillo’s hands roaming over her, tweaking her nipples in that delicious way he knew would send her reeling.
Before Sarah lost herself in self-induced pleasure, she decided she would let Trevillo have his fun with the little tight bitch tonight. After all, she went home to a husband every night. It was only fair he found his release elsewhere whenever she wasn’t available.
But they were on her watch.
If he ever tried to leave her for Krissan Kingston, she’d do well on her threat and fuck both of them up. Sarah James’ threats were never empty.
Never.
Her threats came lock and loaded.
Full fucking clip.



Chapter 12
K. Kingston
Mark Me
Trevillo careened the car into the underground parking lot of Cloud High — another high-rise complex of his — and I was immediately reminded of his title as the king of real estate. It was as though one in every five buildings from San Francisco to Los Angeles to NYC had his signature stamped on it. Not to mention the various locations around the world, he had an impressively extensive portfolio.
Once out of the car, he led me across the parking lot and straight onto the elevator where he punched in his code. I braced for an attack, but none came, as Trevillo stood like a composed gentleman and waited for the elevator to take us up to the penthouse.
Sneaking a glance up at him, I caught him staring down at me with a taunting smirk. He must’ve read my body language and knew I was expecting his attack, so now the sonuvabitch was laughing at me. I gave him a look sending a clear message I thought he was an asshole, and he chuckled just as the elevator doors opened. Pressing his hand in the center of my back, he urged me into the apartment.
The penthouse was typical, mostly black and stainless steel and floor-to-ceiling-windows with a mile-high view. Justifying the aptness of the complex’s name ‘Cloud High’.
It had Sarah James written all over it. Her designs had a certain signature, but it wasn’t extraordinary. Though Sarah was great, I never understood the hoopla surrounding her. Ninety percent of the designers at The Dean’s Realty design department were better than Sarah. Way better. But sometimes — most times — all the time, hype won out over real talent.
It didn’t matter how talented one was, if there wasn’t a racket surrounding your name, you’d drown. Even when the people hyping that person up knows their shit is average, talent is ignored, and mediocrity is pimped with glowing acclamations, because, at the end of the day, it’s not about appreciating true talent; it’s about money and recognition.
One hand washes the other, right?
Trevillo tossed his keys on the kitchen counter and opened the refrigerator, scanning the contents within. “I’m starving,” he muttered.
“Why didn’t you pick something up before you came to get me?”
Turning to face me with a packet of Sargento string cheese in his hand, he tore the plastic open and stuffed cheese in his mouth. “I couldn’t,” he said around a mouthful of cheese. “The reason I didn’t come after you sooner is because I was out of state.” He leaned forward with his elbows on the counter. “And on the flight back, I didn’t have an appetite because I was eager to get back and come after you. Straight off the jet, straight to your house. No stops.” He stuffed another piece of cheese in his mouth. “Now that you’re where I want you to be, where I can see you, I think I can spare a minute to eat.”
Learning the range of his need for me had me feeling an amalgam of warmth and fuzziness, teenager giddiness, and sexual excitement. “What about on our way here?”
With a leisurely rove down my body, his eyes darkened as he answered, “By then, I had an appetite … but, babe, that appetite wasn’t for food … ”
“I can’t cook,” I blurted.
Trevillo laughed out at my abrupt utterance, while my cheeks reddened from embarrassment. Such ineptness was a major sin in Womandom, but I had no culinary skills whatsoever. Even when I tried to prepare a descent sandwich, I failed. Disastrously. Plus, Jahleel spoiled me rotten by cooking for me or bringing home takeout.
“Guess I’ll have to teach you, then.” He waved me over to the kitchen. “C’mon. Let’s throw down.”
Lame and helpless, I walked around the kitchen island and watched as he started opening cabinets. “Tell me what you want. Anything. We’ll cook it.”
“Do you have ingredients here for ‘anything’?” I inquired, growing suspicious. “I thought you said you were nomadic.”
“Yeah. I hired someone to turn this penthouse into a home for me while I was away. Stocked the kitchen and the closets, everything. Now I have a stable abode, instead of bringing you to a hotel and risk pissing you off again.” Glancing at me over his shoulder, he added, “So, yeah, I have a home now. I chose Cloud High because it’s closest to you.”
My heartbeat began an erratic tattoo brought on by panic.
Stable. Home. Closest to you.
The daunting words muted me, had me staring blankly at his broad shoulders as he scanned the cabinets. His intentions seemed to be a lot more serious than I thought. And ‘serious intentions’ wasn’t what I wanted. All the same, I was loath to revisit the horrible feeling I had over the past week, all on account of needing more of him.
Hands clasped behind me, I leaned back against the kitchen island. “You speak as though … you plan on seeing me often … ”
Trevillo paused in his scanning and turned to face me. He tilted his head to the side and studied me for a beat. Then, mirroring me, he leaned back on the kitchen counter behind him so that we were facing each other in the same position: him leaning back on the kitchen counter, and me leaning back on the kitchen island, our hands behind us.
Whenever he donned that severe expression of his, eyes unreadable, face impassive, it tended to intimidate the shit out of me. Yet, in some weird way, it turned me on. These were the times when he resembled danger. But I desired him, all the more.
Gripping the edge of the counter behind him, he pushed himself off and crossed the narrow path towards me in two strides. Now he towered over me with that height, those muscles, that scent of masculinity, new leather, and olive-scented bar soap.
Eyes shuttering down, I inhaled my fill of him, appreciating, savoring, lusting. His nearness sucked up all the space around me, all the air, making me aware of him, making me acknowledge him … he was just there. Then the air shifted, the heat was gone, the scent was at a distance, and cool air rushed around me. My eyes snapped open to find Trevillo no longer in front of me. He’d gone back to scanning the cabinets.
“We’ll talk about that later,” he told me in an apathetic tone. “Right now, we cook.”
“What’s there to talk — ”
“Later, Krissan,” he interrupted in a manner that invited no counterattack. “Now, what do you want to eat?”
Hunger for food wasn’t what concerned me at the moment, so I just told him the first thing that came to mind. “Um … Shrimp Alfredo?” I had no idea if it was something difficult to cook or not.
“Good. That’s easy.”
Trevillo began gathering the ingredients, completely focused, moving around the kitchen with easy grace. Opening one of the bottom cupboards, he took out a medium-sized pot and a smaller one. As he set the smaller pot aside, he handed me the bigger one. “Fill it with water halfway, then put it on the back burner to boil.”
When I merely glanced down at the pot in my hand and back up at him, he bit his lip as if trying to repress a smile. “Do you know how to turn on a tap, Krissy? How to turn on a stove?”
Chin tilting up, spine growing stiff, I boasted, “Yes, Mr. Asshole.”
I brushed past him and went over to the sink, where I turned on the tap and filled the pot halfway with water as he instructed. When I turned toward the stove, I noticed he was pretending he wasn’t paying attention. But I knew he was watching me from the corner of his eyes as he poured milk into a measuring cup.
Ignoring him, I placed the pot down on one of the three back burners of his six-burner stove and studied the knobs, having absolutely no clue which knob would match the burner the pot was on. The stove was a gourmet-style, top-of-the-line appliance with all sorts of complexities. Yeah, that’s the excuse I’m sticking with: the appliance was far too complicated.
I turned the knob reading, ‘Rear Left’ because, well, the pot was on the rear left burner. But it didn’t work. So, starting from left to right, I began turning all the knobs; one of them had to work. When I turned the last knob on the right and nothing happened, I huffed and spun around to find Trevillo leaning against the kitchen island, arms crossed as he watched me with a ridiculous grin.
I shot him a ‘you’re-an-asshole’ glare, and his shoulders began shaking as he broke into laughter.
Whirling around in anger tinged with mortification, I started to stomp out of the kitchen. “Okay, if you’re gonna laugh at me, I’m done. You’re the one who’s hungry, so you do the cooking.”
Trevillo reached out and grabbed my arm, pulling me back into the kitchen as he folded his lips in an attempt to quell his laughter. When that didn’t work, he turned his face up to the ceiling, fighting to contain himself.
Still pissed and embarrassed, I tried to peel his fingers from around my arm. “If you wanna laugh, then laugh, Trev. I can’t cook, so what?”
Seizing my hand, he brought his lips down on mine. This kiss wasn’t one of his usual ravenous kisses. This kiss was soft, sweet and careful. “‘Kay, babe. I promise, I’m done laughing.” He lifted me up off the ground and put me on top of the kitchen island.
All calmed down by his palliative kiss, I asked, “Why didn’t any of the knobs work?”
Trevillo’s lips twitched at the corners, but he managed not to laugh again. “Because you have to push the knob inward before you turn it.”
“Oh.” This was embarrassingly embarrassing. How on earth could I call myself an interior designer when I didn’t know how to operate a high-end stove? One can never stop learning, I guess. “You’re not gonna drop me from the project now, are you? Please don’t. I promise I will visit an appliance store next week and familiarize myself with every model of stove ever invented.”
Trevillo shook his head with a light chuckle. “Just sit here and watch how it’s done. By the time I’m done with you, you’ll enjoy cooking so much, that you’ll be volunteering for kitchen duties on Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.”
After his tongue traced the outline of my lips, he gave me a quick, sweet, closed-mouth kiss and playfully slapped my bare thigh before going back to cooking.

“Where’d you learn to cook like this?” I asked around a delicious mouthful of Shrimp Alfredo. It was possibly the best Shrimp Alfredo I’d ever tasted.
What was even more surprising, was a man like Trevillo not only knew how to cook, but was an exceptional cook. He moved efficiently around the kitchen with quiet ease and confidence, giving the task at hand his undivided attention, almost seeming passionate about being in the kitchen.
We were sitting side by side on barstools at the breakfast bar. Somewhere along the cooking process, Trevillo had gotten rid of his shirt and shoes — or maybe they’d just melted off him. I mean, a mouth-watering hot guy in the kitchen playing with fire? That was far too much heat for one room, so something had to give — wearing just his jeans sitting tauntingly low on his hips. To say his bare chest was ‘distracting’ was a major understatement. It was cruel, tantalizing, and treacherously unfair.
At the question, he glanced at me uncertainly as he looked to be oscillating on whether he should divulge that bit about himself to me or not. “This is novel … ” he mused, with a slight shake of his head.
“What’s novel? Are you trying to tell me this is the first time you’ve ever cooked?” I asked, raising a distrustful eyebrow. “Because I won’t believe you.”
Shifting on his barstool, he turned to face me. “No. I mean, this, here, now. It’s new for me. Thing is, I actually want to tell you about me.”
“Oh,” I murmured, swallowing hard.
Each time he spoke in a way intimating there would be an ‘us’ that went beyond sex, my heart would launch off like a rocket, and I wasn’t sure why. I was having an internal battle with myself, and it seemed I was losing.
Taking a sip of his wine, he began, “Let’s just say, becoming a real estate mogul wasn’t exactly what I’d envisioned for my future as a child growing up. I wanted to be a chef. While Lovello could be found locked in his room trying to conquer the Internet, and Natalio could be found buried in old electronics trying to create the next new junk, I could be found in the kitchen quarters with the chefs, being an utter nuisance, wanting them to teach me every trick they knew.”
Wearing a thoughtful expression, he forked a morsel of pasta into his mouth and chewed quietly before continuing. “My father, Marcello Nelson, however, shot that aspiration to hell. No son of his was going to become a ‘chef’. Consequently, I had to choose a different career path.”
I gawked at him in disbelief. “So you just gave up on what you’re passionate about? Just like that?”
His eyes narrowed in on nothing for a second, then he shrugged. “With my father, one doesn’t really have a choice. He expects us to make billions, so that’s what we have to do. There’s no room for mediocrity and failure in his family.”
“I heard he was like that. Now hearing it from you proves the veracity in that gossip.”
Marcello Nelson was rich, stinking rich, and was one of the most powerful men in this hemisphere. I could understand why he expected his sons to be the same. The legacy had to be perpetuated for generations to come.
“You’re unbelievably good, though,” I complimented. “You navigate this kitchen like you own it.”
Trevillo tried to smother a smile. “Um, I kinda do … ”
Laughing, I slapped his arm. “You know what I mean!”
“Yeah, well, I watch a lot of Food Network in my spare time,” he informed me. He pulled me off the barstool and yanked me up between his thighs. “Shh, don’t tell anyone.”
This side of him was so normal. The intimidating man who resembled danger wasn’t present in this room. At the moment, he was just … Trev. Shirtless, shoeless, playful Trev.
“Also,” he whispered against my neck. “It’s great now that I have someone to cook for.”
There’s that implication of more again. We seriously needed to have that talk … as soon as he stops licking at my neck like that. Jesus.
He moaned against my skin. “So soft … so smooth … ”
In the next instant, I was being lifted off the ground and carried into the living room. He seriously needed to stop doing that!
Laying me back on the sofa, he followed me down and claimed my mouth. Ravished, I returned the kiss, legs wrapped tight around his waist, fingers curling in his hair. On a brief break, he hauled off my blouse, and our mouths melded together again.
Testing the waters, I caught his lower lip between my teeth and bit down on it, but not too hard. Trevillo groaned out loud against my lips and mumbled, “Harder, babe.”
I bit down harder on his lip, and his hips jerked forward into me, his dick so hard, I could feel it throbbing through his jeans. He kissed me deeper, fiercer, until I was desperate to have him inside me. “Trev … ”
Groaning in response, his lips left mine and traveled down my neck toward my breasts. My back arched up when he flicked his tongue over one nipple as his fingers adeptly tweaked the other, leaving me a writhing wreck beneath him. His lips continued their meandering path down my stomach, then he kissed above the waistband of my shorts before dragging both them and my underwear off in one go.
Lowering his head, he ran his nose up my seam. “Always smell amazing,” he mused, then slid two fingers inside me, working me as he slightly brushed his lips over mine down below.
My entire body was heated, searing, sensitized, wanting, and needing as I moved in motion with him. He withdrew his fingers and dragged them through my folds and up my stomach, leaving a long trail of wet arousal, up my neck, around my lips, then under my nose. “See what I mean when I say you smell amazing? Even though you left me, this scent hasn’t left my nostrils … ” Slipping his fingers in his mouth, he added, “The taste hasn’t left my tongue either.”
A moan was all I could afford in response as I bucked my hips upward to find some kind of friction against his bulge. “Trev, please,” I mewled. “Let me feel you … ”
As a granter of my wishes, he made quick work of lowering his zipper and shoving his jeans and boxers down his hips to free his mighty erection. He produced a condom from his back pocket and swiftly donned it.
Leaning down, he held my mouth in captivity once again, dancing his tongue around mine. But that was short-lived, as he drew back and up to his knees. He grasped my legs and effortlessly threw them over his shoulders. Then I felt his crown prodding at my entrance, teasing, just lingering there. Clasping my hips, he locked me into his gaze, then, with one swift motion, he surged deep inside me, knocking a cry from my lungs. “Holy shit!!”
“Don’t swear, Krissan,” he reproved.
Rearing back, he surged forward again, and I bit hard on my lip to stop from swearing again. But hell, he was hitting me deep.
He kissed and bit the leg resting on his left shoulder, then he found my eyes again. “Raise your hands above your head and grab on to the sofa handle.” When I did as told without hesitation, he reared back his hips and told me, “I’m going to fuck you hard, fast, and deep, Krissy. So hold fast and don’t let go.”
Before he even finished his sentence, he plunged into me. There was no pause after that. It was rapid, hard, fast, and faster, hitting me deep, and deeper. Swear to the gods of sex and fornication, I was feeling him in places I didn’t even know a man could reach. With each relentless, stomach-cramping slam, I cried louder.
This was … no words.
His fingers tightened around my hips as he hammered into me, until he came down on top of me and started going slow, moaning aloud with his face buried into the crook of my neck. “Christ, babe, you’re so … ah … ”
Letting go of my hips, he reached up for my hands that gripped the sofa handle. Taking them, he wrapped them around him so they settled on the center of his back. “Mark me,” he commanded.
Huh?
Not understanding, I hesitated.
“Fucking mark me, Krissy!” he growled.
Tentatively, I raked my nails down his back, testing to see if that’s what he meant. At the movement, he nipped at my neck and groaned, “Deeper. More.”
My fingernails were grown to a not so decent length, and I filed them almost daily, so there was no doubt I’d draw blood if I went deeper. I was dubious about doing as he asked, until I felt him start to pull away from me.
“Krissy, if you don’t — Ahhhhh!!”
I dug my nails deep into his skin and raked them down his back to stop him from pulling away. He growled long and hard, as his hips pumped unrelentingly into me. The sound of his intense shout of pain, the pleasure that filled his voice, the sheer eroticism of it all, sent me spiraling off with an ear-splitting orgasm, and in the throes of it, I inadvertently raked my nails harder down his back.
“Mnnhh!” he groaned in my ear. “Fucking fuck!”
Then he began pounding unapologetically faster into me, kissing and nipping at my neck and voicing his pleasures. Until his body went rigid on a loud, pleasure-filled growl, and it was just his cock that was pulsating inside me.
Panting, lips parted, I pulled his spent body down on mine, loving the feel of his heavy weight on top of me and his hot, sweaty skin against mine. Cupping his face, I kissed him until I couldn’t breathe.
I was falling …



Chapter 13
K. Kingston
Trev’s
The burning need to empty my bladder dragged me from the depths of sleep. As my eyes fluttered open, I became aware of being part of a tangled heap beneath the sheets in Trevillo’s bed.
That said man, with his legs and arms twisted over and around me, was sound asleep, emitting soft snores. Careful not to wake him, I gingerly untangled my limbs then slipped out of bed and went to relieve my bladder.
Aridity attacked my mouth as I emerged from the bathroom, so I changed route and trudged to the kitchen instead of heading back to bed. Pouring some ice-cold water into a Collins glass, I noticed, through the floor-to-ceiling window, the darkness of an old night was long gone, and the brightness of a new day was creeping in. The sun was just peeking its face up over the tops of the surrounding high-rise buildings; its mild glare coloring the cirrus clouds a faint, dusty pink.
Cold glass of water in hand, I ambled over and gazed out at the view in quiet appreciation of a new day as I drank shorts gulps of the water. That’s when I began thinking about Trevillo’s implications the night before, that there’d be an ‘us’.
“I want to keep you forever.”
Last night he’d sleepily whispered those words to me after our third round of orgiastic sex. And, before that, he promised to “talk about that later”.
Bringing the glass up to my lips, I quaffed the rest of the water in one go. The thought of giving more of myself to someone scared me. The thought of sharing scared me. The thought of caring for anyone scared me. The unusual emotions pervading me each time we had sex scared me. Being scared, scared me all the more.
Sex with Trevillo was transcendent. Like nothing I’d ever tasted before. Straight up spectacular. He also had a warm touch of normalcy to him whenever he wasn’t exhibiting intimidation or exuding raw, carnal desire. A part of me wanted to know him more. Wanted to hear him laugh over and over and over again like he had last night. Because, God, he was beautiful when he laughed — even when it was at my expense. I wanted to hear him cry out in pain, in pleasure, to hear that erotic sound of his deep voice again. So, yes, I did want more. A lot more of him.
But there was something inside pulling me back, cautioning me. A pusillanimous part of me too afraid of the unforeseeable future.
Thoughts in a row, next move decided, I turned and went to set the empty glass in the kitchen sink and tiptoed to the bedroom to check whether Trevillo was still asleep. He was lying on his back, cream-colored sheets draped across his lower half, one leg bent and the other straight, both arms crooked above his head on the bunched-up pillows, his breathing even.
Wrestling with the urge to crawl across the bed, push down the sheets, straddle him, and give him an early morning ride, I absconded to the living area and shuffled around for my accouterments, belatedly remembering I hadn’t brought anything with me the night before. Not even my cellphone. Finding my cotton tee, shorts, and slippers, I threw them on. No money, no cellphone, but I figured I could have the concierge downstairs call a cab for me, and I could make payment when I got home.
Trekking back to the bathroom, I gurgled a mouthful of burning Listerine and snuck to the elevator. When I pressed the call button, unfortunately, a small rectangular monitor up higher on the wall I hadn’t taken notice of before, blinked:

Enter Four-Digit Code To Deactivate Immobility.

What the heck?
Thinking fast, I punched in a few generic, easy-to-remember codes: 1234 … denied … 5678 … denied … 0000 … denied … 4321 … denied … .1122 … denied …
Frustrated, I flicked up my middle finger at the monitor and hissed, “Beep, beep, beep, beep. Shut the fuck up!”
Then I tried again: 1111 … denied … 9876 … denied … 2233 … denied. When nothing worked, I grumbled to myself in defeat, “Who the hell puts a security lock on a frickin’ elevator?”
“Someone whose got something they want to keep. To secure.”
Unnerved by the voice, I flinched and spun around to find Trevillo behind me leaning against one of the two large columns serving as a dramatic entryway to the penthouse, arms folded across his chest, inscrutable eyes watching me.
Shit.
Bummed at being caught — because I never, ever got caught — I feigned indifference and stared back at him.
Dispassionate, he watched me long and hard. Suddenly, he slammed the side of his head against the column in a way I’m positive caused him pain. He seemed to be having some sort of internal battle. But hitting your head against a wall?
His levels of intensity were just too much for me.
“Think we need to have that talk now,” he said, voice devoid of emotion. “If you don’t what I want, then I’ll let you go. I’m not gonna force you to stay.”
As he pushed away from the column, he took a step towards me — I think he meant to lift and carry me, which was habitual for him. But he abruptly turned on his heels and stalked off into the living area, prompting me to follow.
He was wearing a pair of gray Emporio Armani boxers, and I delighted in watching the rippling musculature of his broad back temporarily marked brutally with long, red scrapes from my fingernails. Surprisingly, I found them to be sexy as sin. I wanted to do it again.
Trevillo strode over to a large ivory sofa and sat down, dropping his forearms to his knees. When I sat down beside him, he turned impassive blue eyes to me. “Sit somewhere else, Krissan. I’m far too angry at you right now.”
He was angry yet looked so calm? I concluded in that moment this man was lethal. Anyone who could look that calm while angry was downright deleterious and shouldn’t be trusted.
Without a word of argument, I got up and moved to the sofa chair across from him.
Leaning forward, he clasped his hands between his thighs and locked me into his gaze. “I had a nice, buttered-up, persuasive speech prepared to give you over well-done Eggs Florentine, fresh fruits, and steaming hot coffee. But fuck that. Since this is how you want to do things, then so be it. I’ll keep it short and spicy … or bitter … or however the fuck it ends up tasting to you.”
Pausing, his gaze dropped to my lips, then to my breasts, then further down, as though he were inspecting the product one last time before decidedly making a no-refund purchase. Then his eyes snapped back up to mine, and he nodded once, satisfied. “Trev’s. Yes. I want you to be Trev’s.”
The way he said it with such finality, made it clear it wasn’t a proposal, but a demand. I wouldn’t, however, allow him to bully me. The tone he used was most likely one he kept reserved for closing business deals and intimidating others into doing what he wanted.
Not allowing my voice to waver, I asked him, “And what does being ‘Trev’s’ mean?”
His facial response implying my question was asinine, he raised a censorious brow. “It means,” he dragged out as if speaking to a dimwitted child, “you’ll be mine. Alone. In case you’re not too keen on the English language: an apostrophe S shows ownership. That simple. Most of all, it means you don’t try to sneak out of my fucking bed in the fucking morning while I’m fucking sleeping!”
As he spoke, his volume crested, and I tried not to flinch at his feebly restrained anger.
Instead, I shot up to my feet, because I wasn’t going to brook him talking to me like that. “N-fucking-O. Translation? No!!”
“I’ve told you not to swear,” he said as he, too, rose to his feet.
“You can’t keep telling me not to swear when you swear more than a drunken, perpetually-pissed-off pirate!” Standing my ground, I glowered up into his now icy blues. “Let me out.”
Trevillo leaned down to level his gaze with mine across the coffee table. “N-fucking-O. Translation? No.”
Eyes now narrowed, I accused, “You said you wouldn’t force me to stay.”
Voice lowering to a smooth, seductive tone, he ensured me, “And I’m not going to … ”
The air grew still, and the world grew quiet as we stared at each other, his eyes focusing on me like a wild animal keeping utterly still for those last few seconds right before it attack its prey. Something devious flitted across his face, making me craven.
Just as I was about to demand he let me out of the goddamn apartment, he lunged for me and flattened me across the coffee table faster than the devil’s wink, the decorative scented candles toppled off the table to the floor. “Not coerce, babe. Coax.”
Before I could even let out a squeal at the sudden attack, his tongue was in my mouth, punishing my tongue with his.
Of their own volition, my fingers twisted in his hair, forcing him deeper. Out of anger, I caught his tongue and bit hard on it, but all he did was groan with pleasure into the kiss and forced his thumbs through the thin cotton of my tee until it ripped.
Breaking the kiss, he used his big, brutal hands to fully rip the material in two, leaving the shredded pieces to fall open to my sides. One hand flat on my stomach, the other one grabbed the waistband of my shorts and dragged them down my legs. The man was frigging rabid. Sans prelude, his tongue began beating down on my bud with a relentless rhythm.
“Ohdeargod!” I cried.
He tossed my legs up over his shoulders, then brought his hands up and around to the center of my back. Pausing, he ordered, “Cross your ankles, Krissy, and hold on to my shoulders.”
Before I could register his command, I was being lifted up off the table, hoisted up high on his shoulders. My legs reflexively crossed at the ankles for balance, and my hands gripped his wide shoulders.
“Goddammit, I love how tiny you are,” he groaned into my wet, sensitive spot, lapping at me like a Labrador. “I can do anything with you.”
He walked with me, tongue in ceaseless motion, over to the floor-to-ceiling window and pushed me up against it. I was high — high in the goddamn air, with my back flat against the window, writhing on his shoulders, drowning in the intense pleasure his tongue was evoking.
“Ohhh,” I moaned, as I moved against his tongue. “I’ve never … felt … I’ve never … no … ” I had no idea what I was trying to say.
Seized and locked by pure, unadulterated pleasure, constructing a coherent sentence was an impossibility at that moment. Trevillo pulled at my thighs, prompting me to uncross my ankles. As he urged my legs wider to match the width of his shoulder blades, I tried to grab something, anything, for balance, but there was nothing except the glass behind me. So I spread my arms out and pressed my palms flat against it, fighting to keep still as Trevillo prolonged his torture.
“You want to be Trev’s, Krissy?”
Unable to answer, I thrashed my head from side to side, re-situating my sweaty palms flat against the glass each time they began sliding down.
“Tell me,” he demanded, as he unyieldingly flicked his tongue over the most sensitive tip of my bud. When he didn’t get an answer, he sucked it. Hard.
That undid me.
Like brick slamming into a mirror, I shattered into splinters. On their own, my legs relocked around his neck and my hands fisted in his hair as my whole body juddered with the most intense orgasm I’ve ever had. “Sweet fuck … yes.”
Trevillo’s hands went up to the center of my back and helped keep me balanced during the quake of my orgasm. Wrung dry, my upper body fell limp against the glass, and I peered down at Trevillo who was peering up at me from between my still-quivering thighs, his lips glossed over with my arousal, one eyebrow arrogantly arched. Waiting.
I raked my fingers through his hair and whispered in a hoarse voice, “I’m Trev’s.”

“I’m expected on the dock in a few hours to go sailing with my brothers,” said Trevillo, peering at me over the rim of his coffee mug. “I’m taking you with me.”
After sucking me dry a few hours ago, he sat my enervated body down on the sofa and I dozed off instantly. Fifteen minutes ago, he woke me up to a heavy breakfast of Eggs Benedict and asparagus, sliced avocados, diced strawberries and pineapples with bread pudding on the side. All tastefully prepared by his hands.
The man was too amazing to be real. He could fuck like a demon, suck his way through the gates of heaven, and cook his way through the fires of hell.
“I don’t mind,” I responded, as I bit on an asparagus. “But I have to go home and sort myself out. No clothes.”
He leaned back in his chair and stared at me across the table with a satisfied curve of his lips. “You don’t have to go home. I’ll have my cousin, Lori, bring some outfits here for you. She’s a stylist.”
“Nah. That’s cool,” I declined, shaking my head. “I’d rather head home.”
“Blowing off my offers in a polite manner?”
There was that tone again. That ‘calm’, anger-concealing tone.
Sighing, I set my fork down and raised my eyes to hold the blue gaze of the man sitting at the other end of the table, bare-chested and scrumptious. “I’ve agreed to … ’being yours’. However, I need you to agree to some things; things that I know are affixed to dating a man of your status that I’m simply not up for: I don’t want to be lavished. I don’t want you to buy me expensive jewelry and request I accompany you to boring functions with other vapid, pompous comrades slash business partners. I don’t want you to be partial and put me above other designers in DD at TDR just because you’re screwing me. I don’t want the hype. I don’t want your money. And I would prefer we kept this … thing between us on the quiet side.”
For a long moment, he just stared at me. Studying me. He took a breath as if to argue his case, but stopped himself and shoved a hand through his hair. On a shrug, he agreed, “If that’s what you want.”
Relieved he chose not to make a big deal out of it, I thanked him.
Then he stealthily tried to put in, “But it really would be better to have Lori bring over a couple changes of clothing for you instead heading to your place. If we don’t make it to the dock on time, they’ll think I’m not showing. I’m good for it.”
“Trev, I have to go home. I have nothing with me. No cellphone, house keys, nothing. I even left the house unlocked. JK is probably worried sick about me.”
“Why? Aren’t you a grown woman?”
“Why are you being so difficult?” I snapped.
Displaying defeatism, he held his palms up. “‘Kay, Krissan.” Pushing his chair back, he got up from the table and started out of the room. “Gonna shower.”
Not quite sure if he was upset with me, I took up my fork and resumed eating. If he was upset, I honestly didn’t care. This thing we were testing out was still new, and I wasn’t about to let him take over my life. Apart from sexual giving, I wasn’t used to giving myself to anyone. So stampeding head-first into something I didn’t know jack-shit about would be utter fatuity.
A few minutes later, as I was about to take a sip of my coffee, I glimpsed a figure in the periphery of my vision. Glancing up, I caught sight of Trevillo standing in the archway of the dining area. Naked. Wet. Naked. Hair slicked back from his face. Naked. Dick hard and erect. Naked.
One eyebrow was winged in a severe arch, while water dripped to the floor from his right hand that was grasping a sudsy soap bar.
With the cup of coffee frozen mid-air, my lips parted, and a lustful breath of hot air rushed out.
Shitting hell …
“You need to understand something, Krissy,” he began, taking careful steps towards me. “Whenever I drop the words ‘gonna shower’, it means, we’re gonna shower. I expect to see you sliding the doors open and stepping in under that shower with me, no more than a minute later. Aroused, eager, and impatient to be fucked under the spraying shower and against the tiles.”
When he reached me, he took the cup of coffee still suspended mid-air from my hand and set it down on the table. Then he bent and slid one arm beneath my thighs, the other around my waist, and lifted my inert body up off the chair. “If I don’t want you to join me, I won’t tell you I’m gonna shower. ‘Cause, then, what would be the fucking point?”
Dropping a kiss on my forehead, he proceeded back to the bathroom. “There’s so much more you need to learn about me.”
In the bathroom, he set me down right under the steaming hot shower, the water raining down on my head and soaking his white tee I was wearing. Stepping inside, he closed the shower door, and, not bothering to remove the soaked tee from my body, he slid a hand beneath it and up to my aching center.
Eyes rolling back, I moaned and allowed him to push me back against the tiles and show me who was boss.



Chapter 14
K. Kingston
Sweet Sins
“Why don’t you come in with me?” I suggested to Trevillo as he turned the car into my driveway and shifted the gear in Park. “It’s better than waiting in the car.”
Distracted, he began connecting his iPhone to the car system. “Go on. I’ve got a few not-so-short calls to make.”
On a shrug, I hopped out and headed up to the house. The front door was locked when I got up it, so I had to ring the doorbell since I didn’t have my keys. It didn’t take long before Jahleel swung it open, his eyes bloodshot.
“Dammit, Krissy,” he breathed out in a relieved sigh. His arms shot out around me and lifted me into a tight hug. “Been shittin’ my fuckin’ jeans worrying … ”
I giggled against his chest. “I’m fine, JK. I was at Trev’s”
Stiffening, he slowly released me so I slid down his body and was settled back on my feet. The downside to being short was people, men in particular, were perpetually sweeping me off my feet. Literally.
I glanced up at him and noticed that he was looking over my head at the car out in the driveway. A tic jumped in his jaw. Yanking me inside, he slammed the door behind me with more force than was necessary.
Hard and flashing with anger, his gold eyes connected with mine. “I get home, the door’s unlocked, your cellphone, keys and everything are still here. Now it’s just, ‘I was at Trev’s’? Could’ve given me a heads up, you know? Would’ve saved me the fuckin’ worry.”
For a pastor’s son, Jahleel had the sinful habit of swearing profusely and eating all his ‘ings’. Living with him was the main reason I swore as much I did. He wasn’t always that crass. Not until a few years back, when he’d started working with that R&B artiste. He transformed into a crude, gritty man since then. I both loved and hated it.
Stepping around him, I started for the stairs, knowing there was a man outside waiting on me. “Sorry for the scare, JK. It was unplanned, and I left in a hurry.”
“Would it have killed you to make a goddamn phone call?” he asked my back as I mounted up the stairs. “You always let me know where you’re going, and with who. And … ” Grabbing my arm, he spun me around to face him just as I reached the top of the stairs, staring at me with intense accusation. “Thought you said he wasn’t an Again.”
“Jahleel, I said I’m sorry, okay?” I apologized once more, growing impatient. “And Trev’s not just an Again. We’re … kind of in a relationship now.”
Freeing from his grasp, I continued on to my bedroom. Straight into the closet, I doffed the black T-shirt and boxers belonging to Trevillo that I was currently wearing and put on a mini silk robe, then began scanning the clothes-racks for nautical-style pieces.
As I selected white jeans shorts and tossed it over the crook of my arm, Jahleel materialized in the closet doorway with his hands shoved in the pockets of his sweatpants. “A relationship,” he said quietly, calm. “What’s changed? So fast, too.”
Selecting a white bandeau top that would crop high above my navel, I tossed it over my arm along with the shorts then moved to the other side of the closet where my jackets and blazers were. “Nothing’s changed, JK. I just … like him. A lot.”
At that, he took a breath and stalked off. But by the time I selected a striped, navy-blue crop-jacket and turned to exit the closet, he was there again, glaring at me. “Because he’s loaded, right?”
Exasperated and just about tired of damn possessive attitudes, I glared back. “What a fucked-up question to ask me! Am I poor? Are you poor? Do I want for nothing? Do you know me to be someone who gives a shit about a guy’s net worth, asswipe?”
Eyes softening, he immediately apologized. “No. That was an asshole thing for me to say … Sorry.”
Moving past him furiously, I threw my garments on the bed and went over the vanity to plug in my flat iron, then spun back around to look at him. He looked dreary as if he hadn’t slept at all last night, and I did feel bad I’d caused him to worry, but I also believed there was more to the irrational, yet personal, questions he kept shooting at me. Something was going on with him he wasn’t telling me about.
“Okay, JK, you’ve been acting pretty damn … aggressive all of a sudden. And I’m beginning to think you’re hiding something from me. What is it?” I demanded. “What’s going on?”
With a slight shake of his head, Jahleel raked his teeth over his lower lip as was his regular whenever he was irritated. He came up to me and stood hovering mere inches away and slid his index finger under my chin to tilt my face up so he could bore his intent gaze into mine. “If you can’t see what I’m ‘hiding’ from you in my eyes, or feel it in my touch, then I won’t tell you, bad girl. ‘Cause, then I’ll know I’m only forcing myself to give you somethin’ that doesn’t belong to you.”
Leaning down, he pressed a kiss on my nose then quietly walked out of the room. I watched the door he went through for a long while, struggling to keep old feelings at a distance. Willing them to stay buried.
Freakin’ Jahleel!

“What’s the point of that damn jacket if it’s covering less than what that … bra is covering?” Trevillo grumbled with an unpleasant scowl. He’d been looking disgruntled since I first got into the car back at the house, displaying his disdain for my choice of attire.
Like a moralistic grandfather, he’d carped about me showing off “too much skin”, and I’d obdurately refused to change. This was me; he’d either take it, or leave it.
Reluctantly, he gave in but continued to cavil about it during the entire drive to the dock. Aptly dressed for a sunny day out on the sea, I wore white low-rider jeans shorts, a white bandeau top, and a blue-striped crop-jacket covering just an inch more than the bandeau top, showing off my platinum navel ring that glistened under the sun’s glare.
Tilting back my head to look up at him from behind my oversize sunglasses as we walked along the dock with our fingers interlaced, I laughed at his peevish expression. “You said we were going sailing, right? What more clothes than this do I need?”
“Krissan … ” he began in a disputatious tone, then shook his head and abandoned whatever argument he was going to put forward.
He was rather difficult to read at times. In a nanosecond, he could slip from calm to serious to irascible — just like that, sans warning. We were just going sailing with his family, so I couldn’t understand what he was so miffed about. His brothers were both permanently taken, of that I was positive.
I wriggled my fingers in his as a signal for him to stop walking and give me his attention. When he did, I smiled coyly and said, “Kiss me?”
He watched me skeptically as if trying to figure out my motive. He was clad in a red T-shirt, white cargo shorts cropped mid-calf, a pair of white Gucci loafers with a killer red and navy design — which were dope as hell, by the way — and a red ball-cap folded and shoved part-way inside his back pocket. Instead of covering his eyes, his Ray Bans were on his head, holding back his indecisive dark hair from his face.
Dressed this casual and youthful, he was damnably, deliciously hot. The man could put his shit together, had to give him that.
When in his suit, behind his desk, in his master office, he owned a commanding, domineering, ruler-of-the-world look, but out of suit, he was nothing short of a hotshot heartthrob. Sometimes he was a suit, sometimes he was a rocker, and other times, such as now, he was a playboy.
Answering my request, Trevillo grabbed me up and kissed me, and my hands automatically slid around his neck.
Typical Trevillo style, he dragged out the kiss in a never-ending continuum of tongue-passion, and I had to tug my lips away from his, giggling, “I said kiss me, not maul me.” Though, there was something about being in his arms — up in his arms — that I loved.
Cocking his head to the side, he studied me for a beat, then, “You’re doing something to me, you know … ”
Head shaking with denial, I whispered, “Nope. I think it’s the other way around.”
He allowed me to slide down his frontal and back on my own feet. He closed his eyes and, rubbing his forehead, he murmured, “I don’t think you understand, babe.”
His hand shot out to grab my wrist, and he propelled us down the dock before I could utter another syllable.
Being just a little past noon on a Saturday, the dock was a bit quiet, aside from the cooing of the wind and the lapping of the water against the sides of the yachts. Save for two dockers, there weren’t many people around, and I liked that. For all I knew, this was the Nelson family’s own dock.
Soon, we were nearing a ginormous yacht, maybe the largest I’d ever seen, with the words Sweet Sins in bold black letters on the side.
“Holy waow,” I muttered in wonder. “Is this yours?”
“Nah. It’s Love’s — my little brother. Two hundred and twenty-two ft. You like?”
Lifting the sunglasses from my eyes, I kept looking at the yacht as I answered, “Like? It’s freakin’ astounding.”
Trevillo chuckled at my childlike admiration and tugged me farther down the dock. Pointing to the yacht next to it with the word Hopeless on the side, he apprised me, “That one’s mine. One hundred and seventy-five ft.” Moving on, he pointed to one beside his with the word Sadie on the side. “That’s Natalio’s — my other brother. Same length as mine.” Continuing down, he pointed to one next to it. “And that’s my father’s. One hundred and eighty-four ft.”
So I was right earlier: the dock was for the Nelsons, seeing these were the largest boats here and all. Overwhelmed, I studied the line of luxury-on-water before me, feeling like an ant in front of a mountain. You ever know someone who’s filthy rich, and, you kind of don’t care, really, you don’t … but then you see something as astounding as a string of impressive gigantic yachts and you’re like ‘dang!’? Yeah, we can act as indifferent as we want to others’ wealth, but we can’t deny the fact when actually confronted with it, we get freaking awed.
“So, basically the youngest in the family has the biggest … ” I mused.
“The most money, too. Likes to show off. Fucker,” Trevillo said, chuckling. “We’re sailing on Sweet Sins today.”
As we turned and headed back towards Sweet Sins, I asked, “Where are we sailing to?”
“Nowhere specific.” He shrugged. “Just out on the sea and back. These assholes are much too happy for my liking. Forcing me to come sailing when I could be at home … fucking you. Hard … or fast … or slow … or however you’d beg for it. Wouldn’t matter to me, I just love being inside you.”
He jumped off the dock straight onto the landing of the yacht to turn and hold out his arms so he could help me down. Once I was successfully there with him, I took off my sunglasses and looked up at him, eyes squinting. “Do you have to be so … so … sex?”
Trevillo’s lips twitched at the corners, and I knew he was holding back from laughing at me again. “Sex is a noun, babe.”
“I know that,” I whispered, maybe a bit too breathy. “But there’s no adjectives available to best describe you. You’re just so … sex.”
Reaching out, he hooked two fingers into the front loops of shorts and tugged me forward, causing me to crash up against him. “You don’t like that I’m … sex?”
Oh God.
My breathing quickened, and my heart pounded at the sudden warmth of his hard body against mine. “No. I-I love it.”
He leaned down, made a leonine lick of his tongue up my neck, and gruffly whispered, “Then quit fucking complaining.”
Abruptly, he removed his fingers from my pants loops, grabbed my wrist, and propelled me into the boat, giving me no time to retort. Not that I would’ve been able to form a cognitive response, seeing I was all but melting against him and would’ve turned into a human puddle, had he kept up the tongue action.
Trevillo led me through a narrow opening where we entered directly into a grand lounge area with beige club chairs, sofa sections, and tables. There was a group of people — the Nelsons — all chatting and laughing. Recognizing his brothers, Natalio and Lovello, I became somewhat nervous, seeing them, in the flesh, for the first time.
“Here’s the asshole,” someone shouted. “A brother’s gotta beg your ass to come sailing with the fam, then wait a goddamn eternity for your arrival?”
Uh oh, the tardiness was my fault, not Trev’s.
“Don’t give me any shit, Natalio,” Trevillo grunted. “I’m here. Now shut the fuck up.”
“No swearing today, Trev. I mean it,” warned the other brother, Lovello, who was sitting relaxed in a club chair with one foot propped up on the other. “Think I’m gonna start spiking your drinks with bleach. Filter.”
Trevillo snorted. “Then why the fuck would you invite me when you already know I’m gonna fucking swear? Fuck. Fuck. Motherfuck.”
“Jesus Christ!” his brother barked in exasperation, throwing up his hands.
Trevillo made a taunting laugh. “Alright, little brother. I’ll try to tone it down.”
“Gracias!”
“You’re fucking welcome,” Trevillo acknowledged with a serious face, and everyone burst out laughing.
“You like taunting your brother, don’t you, Devil Boy?” one of the women asked through her laughter.
“What?” Trevillo asked back. “We’re on a yacht called Sweet Sins, for shit’s sake.”
A dark-haired girl sitting on a sofa section beside a cleft-chinned man with his arm around her waist sneered at Trevillo. “I can’t imagine how you make it through those formal circles or break those big business deals with that mouth and attitude of yours. I can’t imagine how you make it anywhere with that mouth. Yet you appear on Hardy’s Top 40 Richest Men in the World? The only thing decent about you is your suit. Such an embarrassment to the family.”
Trevillo cocked an eyebrow at her. “And I still can’t imagine how you find shoes to fit those size twenty feet of yours. It’s like fucking Big Foot trampling the goddamn forest here. The lions hear you coming and run, not roar.”
The woman’s cheeks reddened with embarrassment and her toes curled in her sandals as she opened her mouth to counter, but Trevillo continued the taunt. “To make it on Hardy’s list, I’m pretty sure they go by the billions and not by the swear words.” He looked at her feet in mock disgust which were, in all veraciousness, freakishly big for a woman. “Seriously, how is it even possible that you can walk? Aren’t your big toes, like, heavy? And those crooked, hairy fingers — ”
Natalio, barely containing his laughter, squeezed out, “Dammit, Trev. Leave your sister alone!”
Like a recalcitrant child, he shot back, “She started it.”
Still laughing and shaking his head, Natalio tried to change the subject and jerked his chin toward me. “Who’s this?”
Trevillo peered down at me, then tossed his arm around my shoulders and yanked me into his side. With his free hand, he knocked his shades from the top of his head so that they fell in place over his eyes, causing his untamed hair to fall on his forehead. Ignoring his brother’s question, he began his introductions by pointing at each person: “This is Lovello, biggest hypocrite alive. Try to have a conversation with him, and you’ll walk away quoting the Bible verbatim.”
There was a collective bout of laughter at that.
“This is Natalio, biggest asshole alive. He’ll have his men chop your limbs off if you so much as mispronounce his name.”
Natalio, tall and handsome with sapphire blue eyes and raven dark hair, gave his brother a death glare, but Trevillo ignored him and continued.
“That pregnant witch over there is the hypocrite’s fiancée: Axia. Careful with her, she’s got teeth sharper than a shark’s.”
Axia was stretched out on a beige L-shaped sofa with her legs crossed at the ankles, flipping through a fitness magazine. She wore tiny jeans shorts and a white tank top that stretched over her pregnant stomach with the words ‘Yes, I’m a bitch. HIS bitch’ emblazoned across her copious breasts. I knew her as the magnate Vince Blacksille’s incomparably beautiful daughter. But not in a soft way. Without even looking up from the magazine, she flicked up her middle finger in our direction.
“That mermaid over there is Sadie, the asshole’s wife. She’s the best of the bunch. Have at her.”
Wearing a cute, strapless, fuchsia-pink romper, Sadie was curled up in a club chair with a glass of red wine in her hand. She smiled sweetly at Trevillo’s kind words about her. I knew her to be a fashion designer who blew up out of nowhere. I even had quite a few of her pieces in my closet.
“This snarky one right here is my sister, Princessa, and that double-chinned constipated looking fuck beside her — whose name I can never seem to remember — is her husband. I have no idea why either of them are even here. Seriously, they walk around with their heads so far up their asses, that when they talk, you smell their shit instead of hearing it.”
“Screw you, Trev!” his sister venomously hissed.
In a red bikini with a sarong around her waist, Princessa was lithe and slender with long dark hair and a graceful beauty — save for the hideous big feet. Her husband sitting beside her looked a bit snotty as he made a point of ignoring Trevillo’s jab at him.
Then Trevillo looked down at me, and even though I couldn’t see the intensity in his eyes because of his shades, I could feel it. In a definitive tone, he told them, “Nelsons, this is Krissan … ” He leaned down and gave me a quick kiss, then turned his face in the general direction of his family. “Girlfriend.”
Quiescence fell over the room for about sixty long, agonizing seconds. Everyone was staring at me, faces frozen, words unformed, while Trevillo hid behind those damn shades. Then I heard a faint cough, then a louder cough, then someone clearing their throat.
Natalio was the first one to step to me with a smile, even though his eyebrow was arched in curiosity and his blue eyes twinkled with astonishment. “It’s … nice to meet you, Krissan.”
I shook his hand and returned his smile. “Likewise.”
That seemed to get everyone else to snap out of their stupefaction, as they each got up and came to hug me or shake my hand, telling me how nice it is to meet me.
Everyone, that is, except Lovello, who just sat there in a club chair with a weird expression on his face. When the greetings were done, and everyone was looking at him, no doubt wondering why he was still sitting there without so much as a ‘Hi’, Lovello slowly shook his head, then leaned forward and dropped his forearms on his knees.
“Hold up … Hold. Up … ” he dragged. “Am I the only one who thinks this moment is frickin’ EPIC?!!”
Another long moment of silence.
Then all at once, everyone burst out laughing, doubling over and nodding their heads in agreement. So much that even I started laughing. It seemed they were just taken by surprise because their brother had never dated a younger woman before. Note the word ‘dated’. Let alone introduce me as his ‘girlfriend’. Yep, I could understand the epical essence of the moment.
Lovello, still laughing, got up and came to wrap his arms around me, effectively removing me from Trevillo’s hold. He lifted me off the ground in a spin. “More than a pleasure to meet you, Krissan,” he said, as he set me back on the ground. “You’re so small. Can I call you Tiny?”
Grinning back at him, I nodded my consent. Meeting Lovello Nelson in the flesh was a ‘pleasure’. He was labeled the most beautiful man in San Francisco. Dear God, he was beautiful, with stunning slate-gray eyes and unkempt, inky-dark hair. So beautiful, it was just plain wrong. On so many levels. Women would give a kidney to get laid by the guy. But all of a sudden, at twenty-eight, he was off the market. Engaged and in love with a baby on the way. Now that was epic.
Trevillo shoved his brother away from me and yanked me back to his side. “Keep your fucking hands off her, Love. I’m dead serious.”
Lovello stared in disbelief at his brother. “Are you kidding me?” As if shocked to the core, he looked from side to side, then back to his brother. “Are. You. Kidding. Me?!”
“Nope,” Trevillo answered, calmer than a granny on Valium. “Serious.”
His brother stammered, seemingly lost for words. “I … you with Axia … me … and now? … What the fuck?”
“Thought you said no swearing today, brother?” Turning his head to look down at me, he grinned wickedly. “See? Told you he’s the world’s biggest hypocrite.”
Trevillo knew how to effectively push each of his siblings’ buttons. He was such an egregious hellion, I had to wonder why they even bothered inviting him anywhere with them. They must like being pissed-off.
Lovello opened his mouth to retort, but stopped when his pregnant fiancée wrapped her arms around him from behind and peeped her head around to wink at Trevillo, commenting, “You’re being unfair, Trev.”
Her fiancé shook his head again and peered down at her. “Can you even believe this asshole, beauts?”
“I don’t give a shit what either of you have to say.” Pointing a threatening finger at Lovello, he spat, “If you think you’re gonna charm her in your corner like you did Sadie, then you have another think coming.”
A smirk formed on Lovello’s lips as he ignored his brother’s words and shifted a pair of mischievous gray eyes to me. “Whenever you can pry free from his imprisoning grasp, come find me. I have a video I would be delighted to show you. I promise, it has nothing to do with the Bible.”
Shaking with discernible irritation, Trevillo turned to Natalio, and I could tell he was glowering. “I paid you to get rid of that video.”
Natalio seemed nonplussed. “I did get rid of it, Trev, I swear.” Shifting his confused gaze to Lovello, he started to ask, “How — ”
Lovello cut him off with an arrogant scoff. “I’m the only genius here, remember? When I asked you to send it to me and you refused, I hacked into your files and sent it to myself before you could get rid of it. That video is too ego-shattering and defaming to not have as a weapon against him.”
Natalio looked back to Trevillo and shrugged. “Sucks having a hacker for a brother.”
“Genius,” Lovello corrected.
Tired of their bickering, I wanted to know, “What’s on the video?”
As Lovello started to speak, Trevillo beat him it, disclosing, “Axia kicked my ass in arm wrestling.” To Lovello, he hissed, “No points for you, dickwad.” And I was half-expecting him to stick his tongue out.
“Twice!” his brother quickly shot back, he just had to get his points. “My fiancée kicked your ass twice.”
Before I could begin to question the veracity of a woman kicking his ass at arm wrestling, he stalked off from his brothers, his arm around my shoulders as he took me to a circular bar on the opposite end of the lounge area. “Don’t ask me about it,” he warned, then, “Drink?”
“Recommend me something,” I told him, keeping my laugh repressed. Men and their stupid egos.
Trevillo hoisted me up and settled me on a barstool. “Sit here and behave while I invent a drink just for you.”
“Oh my God,” I groaned, “you have to stop doing that. Always lifting me from the ground.”
“Nevah,” he grinned, as he rounded the counter and got to work in the bar. “It’s too much fun.”
Elbows propped on the counter, I dropped my chin in my hands and dreamily watched Trevillo behind the bar, thinking he was, hands down, the hottest bartender I’d ever seen. Right there and then, I began entertaining inappropriate, wayward thoughts of him throwing me across the bar and undressing me and licking alcohol off my body and …
Sensing a presence, I turned my head to the left and found I was looking straight into the intense, pussycat-gray eyes of Axia. Her stare was hard and unwavering as she pinned me with it, as if trying to bring me under submission with just her stare.
What the hell was her problem?
“You don’t like being swept off your feet?” she asked. It was just her lips that moved, because her face was as hard as her eyes. Jeez, she was intimidating. Even with a pregnant gut in front of her.
Eyeing her charily, I answered, “If you’re asking if I hate that people are always lifting me up because I’m small, then the answer is yes. It’s pretty annoying, actually.”
Her lips flattened, and she nodded once. “What woman complains about getting swept off her feet by, well … ” she jerked her head towards Trevillo in the bar, whose back was turned to us, “Him?” I thought her stare couldn’t have gotten any harder, but it did as she asked, “What’re you in for?”
What? Turning to face her square on, I wanted to know, “Do you have a problem with me or something?”
Eyes icing over, she took a breath to answer just as Trevillo turned around with the drink he’d been concocting. Seeing Axia sitting at the bar trying to freeze me over with her glare, he shook his head. “Leave her alone, Axia.”
To me, he said, “Don’t mind her, babe,” as he set down the drink in front of me. “She’s a bully.”
Axia didn’t attempt to refute that claim, she just laced her fingers on the bar counter and watched us. Taking his advice, I turned to face Trevillo and ignored her.
The martini glass he served the drink in was covered in sugar, except for the stem. The color of the drink was a sparkly Sapphire blue and in it, was a cocktail stick of four fresh raspberries jutting out to the side.
“Taste it,” he urged.
Carefully, I picked up the glass by its stem and took a sip of his concoction. It tasted cool and minty, the alcohol in it being subtle. Feeling grains of sugar on my lips after I sipped the drink, my tongue automatically darted around them to clear the sugar, and I caught Trevillo grinning at me.
“What?” I asked, as I dusted the remaining grains of sugar off my lips with my forefinger then sucked it off. The aftertaste on my tongue was exotic — minty, sweet, tangy, chilly with a tinge of alcoholic sting.
With a roguish twinkle in his eyes, he confessed, “I purposely sugared the entire glass ‘cause I wanted to see you do that. You’re a natural fucking turn on.”
I tried not to focus on the darkening of his eyes, because now wasn’t the time or place to get all heated and excited. “What’s it called?”
“Angel’s feather.”
When I raised a curious brow at him, he expounded, “The color of the drink almost matches the color of your alluring eyes.” He slid one of the raspberries off the cocktail stick and dipped it in the drink, then rubbed it across my lower lip. “These raspberries are the exact red color of your lips.” He nudged for me to bite the raspberry, so I did, and his eyelids instantly hooded. “Deep, sexy, cock-hardening red.”
With a ferocious hunger in his eyes, he watched me as I chewed the raspberry and swallowed. Sliding his index finger up one side of the martini glass to collect sugar, he aimed it at my mouth. Without hesitation, I parted my lips and caught his finger, sucking off all the sugar. “And the sugar represents your taste: sweet.” I bit his finger hard, and that elicited a moan from him. “So. Fucking. Sweet.”
“Didn’t know you could mix drinks, Trev,” intruded the cold voice of Axia.
Sucked into a lust-filled haze, I completely forgot the woman was still there beside me. And that we were on a yacht with his family. I was too caught up in Trevillo’s seduction, too lost in him, too high on lust and need. So much so, the world around me had faded into stillness, and all I saw was him. All I felt was him. Enticing me. All I needed was him.
Slowly, Trevillo withdrew his finger from my mouth, allowing it to tug at my lower lip as he did. With his gaze never leaving my mouth, he answered his sister-in-law in a quiet, mellifluous voice. “Yeah. There are a lot of things I didn’t know about myself either … until now.”



Chapter 15
K. Kingston
Unexpected
An hour later, we were at sea, and by then the noisy jeering, bickering, and beer drinking had died down as, two by two, everyone snuck off with their significant other.
The yacht had three levels, and Trevillo and I were sitting on the top deck where we could oversee the two lower levels.
I moved to the edge of the deck and pushed my feet through the V-shaped railing, leaving my legs dangling in the air. Trevillo pressed up against my back settling his hands around my waist with his legs dangling on either side of mine through the railing. His chin rested on my shoulder as he gently swayed me to Rihanna’s Cheers playing at a moderate volume.
On the second level deck, I could see Princessa and her husband in the bubbling jacuzzi, relaxing with their heads back, sunglasses over their eyes.
Down on the first level, I could see Lovello and Axia sunbathing on a large, white leather lounge chair. Lying on her side, her legs were tossed across his thighs while he was lying supine, his hands working at massaging her feet. I observed his lips moving as he talked with his face turned up to the sky. While he was talking, Axia looked positively transfixed. She wore a grin that split from ear to ear, and her eyes, glowing with love, were glued to his face. In essence, she looked at him like he was her whole world and no one else existed.
“How far along is she?” I asked Trevillo.
“Hmm?” He sounded sleepy, relaxed. And it dawned on me we’d been completely silent since we came up here. Just being on the water and soundlessly enjoying a peaceful sail was the ultimate form of relaxation. One I hadn’t realized I needed.
“Axia,” I said, nodding to the couple on the bottom deck.
“Oh. Seven months.”
“Wow. Her stomach’s very small for being seven months.”
Trevillo didn’t seem interested in the topic, as he merely murmured, “Hmnh.”
“I think she hates me.”
At that, he chuckled. “Nah. That’s just Axia. She can’t be any better than she is. Even when she tries.” His lips pressed a kiss on my neck. “Knowing her, she was probably testing you. Seeing if you can stand and take a bitch-slap without wincing, or if you’re a softy who’ll cry and run.”
“You two are close?” I inquired, remembering Lovello’s flabbergasted reaction to Trevillo’s warning.
“Can say that.” I felt his shoulders shrug behind me. “She’s the only one who knew about you. Before I even came after you, I told her I intended to make you mine.”
Turning my head to the side, I tried looking at him over my shoulder. “Did you now? You were that sure of me?”
“Not in the least,” his tone implying he didn’t want to tread down that subject line.
So, again, I changed the topic. “Why does your fam call you Devil Boy?”
“Because I like to fuck with them.”
“But why do you taunt them the way you do?” I pushed, wanting to get deeper inside his head.
I witnessed a different side to him today. He was boorish and taunted the shit out of his siblings without apology. And even with all that, they still tried to include him in the midst of everything, depending on both him and Lovello for their laughs. None of their irritations against each other lasted more than a minute, and it was obvious even to the blind they had deep, genuine love for each other.
Trevillo’s answer proved that observation right. “Because I love them. More than they could ever imagine. I just express my love differently.”
Satisfied he answered that question truthfully and didn’t try to dismiss it as he did the previous ones, I moved on, thinking maybe he was now loosened up. “Why did you name your boat ‘Hopeless’?”
Hands around my middle, he began fingering my navel-ring. “You’ve got an awful lot of questions today.”
Okay, so he hadn’t really loosened up. “I’m just trying to get to know you. More.”
His finger dipped inside my navel, and I sighed at how a simple touch of his finger could awaken my libido. “Self-explanatory. ‘Cause I’m hopeless.”
“Why do you think that?” I prodded.
In a case-closed tone, he said, “You’ve met me, Krissy.”
Silence stretched as I struggled not to fire anymore questions at him.
“Trev?”
“Hmm?”
“You don’t think this is crazy?”
“No. Do you?”
“Well, yeah,” I answered without a thought. “I mean, we’ve just started hooking up, and the next I know, I’m meeting your family, and you’re introducing me as your girlfriend.”
“So … ?”
I shrugged. “I dunno. I just … I just think we might be moving too fast?”
“Get used to it, babe. With me, things are usually insane, fast, and dangerous.”
“But it’s just — ”
I stopped when Trevillo leaned back, pulled his feet out from the railing, and drew his hands from around my waist as he ordered, “Turn around.”
Pulling my legs back, I spun around and sat with my back leaned against the railing. Trevillo slid forward, back into position, pushing his feet back through the railing as he grasped my legs and wrapped them around his waist.
He removed his sunglasses and hooked them onto the neck of his T-shirt and removed mine from my face to set them aside. Leaning back, he pressed his palms flat on the deck and watched me. “You aren’t getting it.”
“Getting what?”
“I’m not short on women, Krissy. Women are out there who would do anything to be on my arm.”
At his arrogance, anger began creeping up my veins. “Why the hell are you telling me th — ”
“The moment I first saw you, I knew I wanted you. That’s unprecedented. In all my years, I’ve never fucked a woman younger than me. Yet, I saw you once and I wanted — no, needed more than to just be inside you. Wanna know how many times that has happened before?”
The question sounded rhetorical, but I still asked, “How many?”
“Never.”
“So, what’s your point?’
Trevillo made an exasperated noise. “That I know what I fucking want. I’m with you because I want to be with you. Not because of an impulse. You were introduced as my girlfriend because that’s who I want you to be.” He shifted his eyes past me out to the sea, and they squinted as a gust of east wind swept over us, leaving his hair a thorough mess. “Want a bit of honesty?”
“Always.”
Eyes shifted back to me, he confessed, “I don’t know what the fuck I’m doing, but I’m doing it anyway because it feels so fucking good.”
On a throaty, non-humorous laugh, I threw up my hands. “That’s the whole point, Trev. Neither of us know what we’re doing. We’re both gonna end up ruined.”
Trevillo leaned forward, cupped my face and gave me a soft kiss. “If anyone ends up ruined, it’ll be me. Not you. Because you, you were chosen.”
“The hell does that even mean?”
He didn’t answer. Instead, our tongues met as he used one hand to undo my shorts button and zipper and slid his hand right inside. At the simple movement, I was instantly aroused and by the time his fingers passed over my folds, I was more than ready for him, hanging my head with a moan.
As he pushed two fingers inside me, he husked, “Touch me, Krissan.”
No hesitation, I undid the button of his cargo shorts and unzipped them while his fingers worked inside me. Then I stopped, breathing heavy. “I don’t think touching you right now is a good idea … ”
“No?”
Sounding lame, I reminded him, “You’re very, um … vocal.”
Trevillo’s fingers stopped working, and he leaned back just a bit to look at me, a smirk on his lips. “You should be proud of that.”
I raised a brow. “Why?”
“Because, babe … ” He resumed moving his fingers, painfully slowly, inside me. Then abruptly, he rammed them so hard in me, I cried out. I quickly slapped a hand over my mouth, eyes widened.
Impishly biting down on his lip, he brought his mouth to my ear, flicked the lobe with his tongue, and whispered, “I’m only vocal when I’m getting fucked really well. You, you fuck me outstandingly well. So when I’m with you, I’m not just ‘vocal’, babe. I’m loud as fuck.”
Knowing what he was about to do next, he covered my mouth with his free hand, then slipped a third finger inside me and began finger-fucking me hard, and fast, and faster, and harder.
No doubt about it, I was v-o-c-a-l.

By the time we decided to wrap up our day, it was dark out.
“Gonna make a quick stop at your house so you can pack an overnight bag,” a distracted Trevillo told me as he reversed out of the parking lot.
Having been in the sun and on the water all day, I was feeling a bit lagged. Sailing on the sea could be the most relaxing feeling on earth. But as soon as your feet touches dry land again, a sudden dreariness hits you, as if you’d been wrestling with a shark out there.
Tired. Weary. Sleepy.
“I’m not coming with you tonight,” I let him know, as I massaged the back of my neck.
Trevillo shot me a brief glance and his attention went back to spinning the car around to face the main road. “What?”
“Trev, I have work to do. My Saturdays are usually spent drafting up my schedule for the week to come, making phone calls, and sending emails to ensure things will run smoothly with no bumps in the road.” I pulled on the car seat lever until it was reclined all the way back and closed my eyes, feeling extremely tired. “As it is, my Saturday’s been spent with you. Thank you for inviting me, it was fun. But now I have work backed up on me.”
“You can do whatever you have to do at my place,” he suggested, sounding disappointed.
“We both know that’s a bad idea.”
There would with be a whole lot of sexing and a lot less working.
“But I wanna fuck,” he whined like a petulant child, just short of pouting and stomping his feet.
I had to laugh. “How romantic, Trev.”
He remained quiet and pensive as he drove, and I began dosing off, but not before his deep voice started to suggest, “What if you — ”
“I’m not moving in with you.”
Silence, then, “That’s not what I was going to ask you.”
Opening one eye, I peeked over at him. He was leaning in the driver’s seat and maneuvering the car with one hand while his free hand was propped up on the car window. I swallowed, wishing I wasn’t tired and didn’t have work to do, because the sight of him there sent shivers through me, even though I’d spent the entire day in his arms. Of course, I, too, wanted to screw him tonight. But I had to keep it in mind, although he introduced me as his girlfriend, he was still my boss who expected me to do a job and do it well.
Being ‘Trev’s’ didn’t give me an excuse to slack off. Also, if my signature was going to be on a high-end project like Skylark, then it was going to be darn well perfect. I needed to remain focused and not allow this driving need and insane craving I had for Trevillo Nelson to steer me off course.
“What were you going to ask me, then?”
The side-long glance he shot me didn’t conceal his irritation. I was getting under his skin. “Just fucking forget it.”
Biting my lip to hide a smile, I snapped my eye shut and whispered, “That’s so what you were going to ask.”
Instead of offering a refutation, he leaned forward and turned up the car stereo, allowing the seductive words of John Legend’s Tonight to flood the car.
Smile residing on my face, I fell instantly asleep.

“Babe, wake up.”
The light jerking of my shoulder dragged me from an ephemeral but fulfilling sleep. Trevillo was crouched at the opened passenger door, watching me. I realized we were outside my house.
Rubbing sleep from my eyes, I pulled on the lever of the car seat until it was upright again and reached for my purse from the dashboard, thinking out loud, “Huh.”
“What?” he asked.
“I fell asleep, and you still took me to my house instead of yours.”
“Because you asked me not to.” He watched me for a beat. “I’m not a complete asshole, you know.”
At his miffed tone, I swung my legs out of the car, turning to face him. “You’re not an asshole in any sense of the word, Trev. You’re … ” I trailed off on a sigh and moved to leave the car as he shifted to stand.
Trevillo interlaced his fingers with mine and tugged me up to him, using his other hand to shut the car door behind me. “I’m what?”
Chomping down on my lower lip, I looked up at him. His sharp handsomeness was shaded with the night’s darkness, making it difficult to read his eyes. “Unexpected.”
Remaining impassive, he said nothing to that. Then, faster than I could register, he leaned down and gave me a chaste kiss on the cheek, got in his car, and sped off. No words. Leaving me there, confused.
What did I say wrong?
Maybe I should have said ‘variable’, I thought as I journeyed up to the house. Because that’s how he was. One minute he was Mr. Intimidator, next he was The Smooth Operator, next he was The Funny Troublemaker, and then he was, well, that — that person who just left me out on the curb without a word.
Shrugging it off, I unlocked the front door and pushed it open to the pungent scent of raw sex slapping me in the face. Moans and grunts could be heard above the blaring of Lil Wayne’s Pussy, Money, Weed.
It wouldn’t take a genius to figure out Jahleel was engaged in some sexual activity in his living room. What bothered me was he’d never done this before. He knew I used his front door to get upstairs instead of my own side door. So he always kept his sexual business in his guest bedroom.
However, it was his floor and he, therefore, deserved his privacy and the freedom to do whatever the hell he pleased. I guess it was time to start using my own entrance.
But even as I thought this, I kept walking instead of turning back. As I approached the living room to get to the stairs, I promised myself I wouldn’t look, I would just keep my head straight and run up the stairs.
Yet, once I entered the living room, I stopped and watched Jahleel who had a woman bent over his sofa arm, his jeans dropped to his ankles, his hips pumping as he rammed himself into the woman without pause. Head tossed back, eyes closed, teeth sinking down on his bottom lip, he had one hand gripping the woman’s waist while the other was curled around the back of her neck, keeping her face down onto a cushion of the sofa. He seemed as though he was concentrating hard to enjoy it.
I stood planted, unable to move from the sight before me. Suddenly, Jahleel’s eyes snapped open and met mine. But he didn’t stop and he didn’t look surprised to see me there. He just kept his gaze on mine as he slammed into the woman over and over again, a woman who was oblivious to my being there since her face was pressed down in the sofa. Could she even breathe?
Allowing his lusty eyes to finally leave mine, he dragged them down my body, and for the first time that day, I wished I’d dressed more conservatively. Something changed in his eyes, and he picked up momentum and began screwing the woman faster, his breathing growing harsh. He let out a low, sexy, sexy moan, and, at that arousing sound, I turned and began power-walking to the stairs.
As I mounted the first step, I heard him hiss, “No, Krissy … Fuck!!”
I jerked around to the sight of him beautifully seized with his orgasm, his eyes slammed shut as his narrow hips flexed sexily, and I released a faint sigh at the erotic sight.
The woman fought to lift her head up, no doubt pissed as hell at being called another woman’s name. When Jahleel released his hold on her neck and she finally raised her head, I recognized the recipient as Marsha.
With a gasp, I turned and bolted up the stairs, straight to my bedroom and slammed the door with a bang. I’d just watched my ‘brother’ screw the daylights out of my best friend, and … hang on a minute …
I slid my fingers down into my shorts.
… Yep, I was wetter than water.

The soft knocking on my bedroom door invaded sleep’s darkness. I woke up to find I’d fallen asleep amid my workbook, order sheets, calculator, markers, and MacBook. Peeling off a piece of pink Post-It stuck to my cheek, I rolled out of bed and went to answer the door.
Jahleel was standing there with one hand pressed up against the doorjamb, his head bowed as though lost in thought. He was dressed in sharp gray slacks, a white button down shirt that hadn’t so much as a crease in it, and shiny shoes. Face clean-shaved, his thick, sandy-brown hair was brushed back from his face, giving him an innocent, ivy-league, frat-boy look.
There was only one reason on earth why Jahleel would dress like that. “Mom and Dad are here?”
Raising his head, he twisted his lips ruefully and nodded.
Sighing, I turned back to the room. “Guess I better go find my most conservative dress.”
Jahleel grabbed my wrist, effectively stopping me from moving. When I looked back at him, he apologized in a quiet voice, “Sorry you had to see that last night.”
Arching a brow at him, I asked, “Are you?”
It wasn’t Jahleel’s style to do things like that out in the open where he knew I would run in to him. Even though the entire top floor was mine, and the entire bottom floor was his, we considered the house as one and invaded each other’s space anyway. Therefore, it was conclusive to me he did what he did last night on purpose. He wanted me to walk in on him. He was pissed at me for some reason — more than likely Trevillo — and that was his way of telling me off.
With all the years I’d spent with the guy, I could tell anyone who asked: Jahleel Kingston was the world’s greatest asshole.
One I loved with all my heart.
His lips tipped up in a half-smile as he confessed, “No.”
“Then don’t apologize for something you’re not sorry for,” I said, pulling my hand from his grasp and wandering back into the room. “In fact, you don’t need to apologize for anything. You should have your privacy. I’ll just start using my own entrance to avoid running into anymore of your … scenes.”
“Don’t do that.”
Turning at the distance of his voice, I was shocked to see he hadn’t followed me into my room. He was still standing outside the door with one hand in his pocket and the other against the doorjamb as if there was some invisible bar there holding him off. Some invisible red line he shouldn’t cross. And I deemed that beyond odd.
Jahleel never stands outside my door. He would normally barge in behind me, toss himself on the bed, and do whatever the hell he pleased, because, as aforementioned, we invaded each other’s space without apology.
“You fucked her?”
He frowned. “Who?”
“That inked-up Brit bitch.”
“Who?”
“You sound like a friggin’ owl.” Narrowing my eyes, I gritted through my teeth. “Saskia.”
“Day?” he asked, looking genuinely confused. “She wasn’t the one here last night, so what does she have to do with anything?”
I walked up to him and pushed at his chest. “Because you’re standing outside my bedroom door.”
When he looked down at me with absolute mystification, I snapped back to myself, realizing I was giving myself away. I was a good liar who hid my feelings well. I’ve never acted up before. Never let on that I felt — used to feel anything for him. Now I was getting jealous and possessive of him when I shouldn’t be.
Maybe Trevillo’s abrupt departure paired with the sex scene from last night was doing my head in. I was being irrational and stupid. Jahleel was free to screw whoever he wanted, just as I was.
Deciding to ignore his offish stance and make light of the heaviness between us, I went back to the previous topic. “JK, there are some things the eyes can’t unsee. So, unless you change that, oh jeez, sofa of yours, we’ll have to start watching T.V. in my living room instead. Okay?”
“Bad girl … ” he started to say with a slow but bothered smile. Then he shook his head sharply and sighed. “Meet you downstairs.”

A few minutes later after getting dressed in a long-sleeved Maxi dress, I went to face my parents. Jahleel and I weren’t afraid of Mr. and Mrs. Kingston, we respected them. They were scrupulous, moralistic, religious people, so after being rebellious to their desired way of life for us, the most we could do was appear as sinless and immaculate as possible whenever they visited, presenting ourselves as the children they wished we were.
Our parents preferred the facade we put on instead of accepting the fact we were complete bastards — well, technically, Trey and I were complete bastards, Jahleel was the only child by blood. Yet one would think Trey was the child by blood and Jahleel was the bastard, seeing as Trey stuck to our parents’ asses like raw cotton on thorns.
I took a breath as I turned the corner to Jahleel’s kitchen and saw everyone seated at the eight-seat dining table laden with brunch. Evidently, Jahleel knew in advance they were visiting today and failed to tell me. Then again, I hadn’t been around that much of late.
My parents looked up and smiled when they saw me, while Trey cast a bored glance at me and went back to eating.
“Darling,” my mother greeted as I went over to her and kissed both her cheeks like a decent little girl.
Elizabeth Kingston had a mane of rich mocha-brown hair framing around her smooth, heart-shaped face, and a pair of wide whiskey-brown eyes. She was a gorgeous middle-aged woman with a soft voice and humble attitude, and looked the part of a pastor’s wife.
“Every time I see you, your hair is shorter. Aren’t you ever going to let it grow? You had such lovely hair before!”
Nope. “Maybe,” I smiled sweetly.
I turned to Dad who was grinning wide at me. With low cut sandy-brown hair and dazzling golden irises, he was like an older version of Jaheel. He loved me to no end and, unlike Mom, he loved my hair short.
Like I did with my mother, I kissed both his cheeks. “Hi, Dad.”
That wasn’t enough for him, though; he grabbed my face and pressed a loud kiss on my forehead. “You’re beautiful, dearest. Always beautiful.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
I made to move, but he held my face and looked deep into my eyes. “God, too, thinks you’re beautiful. Even with all the serrated slashes the devil hath made to scar your life, God, our God, dearest, sees your beauty. Your true beauty. You can be healed.”
Oh sakes, I was not up for a Jesus-died-on-the-cross-for-your-sins lecture today. But I gave him a saccharine smile, nonetheless. “I know, Dad. I’ve been trying to find my way back to him.”
That made his eye twinkle with joy, while Trey snorted next to him. As I moved away from Dad and walk by Trey’s chair, I made a hard swing of my hips and hit the back of his chair, which made him jerk forward and snort up the orange juice he was drinking. He promptly turned to glare at me, but all he got in return was the sweetest smile ever.
Snooty bastard.
Trey was unhealthily meager at five feet nine inches. However, he had a face that was, not handsome, but pretty. His wide, full lips were a deep unnatural pink for a male, and his lashes were superbly long. His eyes were a sludgy green and his ashy-blonde hair was straight, always parted in the center so it flowed down both sides of his face, channeling at least three inches past his shoulders. As formerly stated, he was pretty. I think he wore make-up, or tinted moisturizer, at least.
I also think he’s gay.
As soon as I sat down beside Jahleel, he took up my plate and began piling things he knew I liked on it while I sweetened my coffee. This was natural for us, we moved in sync like we were joined at the hip. We both ignored Trey as he watched us with narrowed eyes.
Mom and Dad questioned Jahleel about his dance studio and clientele, and about the chain of night clubs he co-owned with his best buddy Chad — not exactly regular night clubs, but strip clubs. The Kingstons weren’t aware of that, so when they started delving deeper into it, Jahleel deftly directed their attention to me, informing them about my ‘big-paying’ contract.
Even though we weren’t the ideal children, Mr. and Mrs. Kingston always tried to give us the world. They were more frequent in offering help now, even when we didn’t need it, because they’d never expected us to be successful on our own. But Jahleel and I had done just that, with the only help from our parents being the house we lived in. Observing our accomplishments, our parents felt left out and unneeded. So at every small with window of opportunity, they would jump to offer their aid. Sometimes, just to make them feel loved and wanted, we let them.
“That’s great, darling!” Mom exclaimed.
“It’s not that big of a deal, really. It’s the same thing I’ve been doing all these years.” I shrugged. “Just an upper-end, higher-paying project.”
“Typical of you to not recognize success when you have it locked in your grasp, dearest,” Dad proudly grinned at me. “I’m guessing this might require harder work and more focus?”
Showing confidence for the first time since I got the contract, I blew on my nails then brushed them on my shoulder. “Yeah, but I got this in the bag.”
Jahleel chuckled at my cocky gesture.
Trey frowned at me, then smirked. “Hey, Mom, Dad, have you ever wondered why these two are so stuck on each other?”
Just as we were so skillful at doing, Jahleel and I ignored him.
“Because they love each other,” Mom answered simply. “They’ve always been like this, since the day we brought you and Krissy home.”
“I am thinking, it’s quite odd Jahleel would gravitate to Krissy instead of me, the boy who was his age.”
Unlike Jahleel, Trey used his pronouns and pronounced his ‘ings’ when he spoke.
Jahleel, never, ever spoke to Trey. And he was so good at ignoring him, one would think Trey was nonexistent as far as he was concerned. Trey would perpetually take jabs at Jahleel, and when I would sometimes react in defensively, Jahleel, never, not once, acknowledge him. I believe that’s what irked Trey the most.
Dad sounded annoyed. “Maybe if you’d loosen up a bit and stop being so sniffy with your brother and sister all the time, then you’d be able to understand the natural love they have for each other, son.”
Not caring for the conversation at the table, I tried to steal a sausage from Jahleel’s plate, and he stabbed at my fork. “Get your own.”
“There’s none left.” I pushed out my bottom lip and begged with my eyes until he shook his head with a mischievous smile and relented.
“Bad girl, you can sure have my sausage.”
Trey scoffed, and I looked at him across the table and found him watching us intently. “Yes,” he said with heavy sarcasm. “They naturally love each other alright.”



Chapter 16
K. Kingston
A Need for Speed
Mimicking the shape of a rhombus, Skylark was fifty-two feet high. The top level of the building held four penthouses, and that’s where the chunk of my work resided. The other apartments were basic and easy, could be saved for last.
When I was first offered — no, commanded — to work on this project, I was indeed terrified. Intimidated. Thought it was much too heavy a task for me. But what I’ve learned since commencing work on Skylark is, working on a project that comes with a budget as tall as the building itself, makes everything a heck of a lot easier. And, if one was like me who planned weeks ahead for possible mishaps, then ‘problems’ and ‘obstacles’ were nonexistent.
Already, I’ve received five apologetic emails about delays on purchases I’d made. But, you see, with the ‘budget’ I was given for this project, I was able to offer ‘extra’ in order to get my goods on time. A lot of companies try to bullshit you when a customer offers ‘extra’ and ‘tips’ to receive their orders when they want it — even on short notice — and to hell with whoever else was in line. So the manufacturers end up pushing back those in queue to put the ‘known’ ahead. I was no Sarah James — I didn’t have a name for myself yet — so I wasn’t under the ‘renown’ category.
Usually, with a small budget on small projects, I’d be all crotchety and pissed-off, carping about how unfair the system was. But this time, I was able to buy my way to the top like the others. So when manufacturers emailed me about delays, I called them out on their bullshit and offered ‘extra’ to get my shit on its original delivery date. It’s true what they say, ‘money talks and bullshit walks’.
With all my ducks in a straight row, I had a lot of free time doing nothing but overseeing the workmen, who, incidentally, were quite expeditious in their work. They were employed by Trevillo Nelson, after all; one wouldn’t expect anything less than speedy efficiency.
Floor and bathroom tiling would take another two to three days for completion, and I didn’t really have to show up until then, but I figured I’d show up anyway. I checked my watch, noted it was half past five and decided to call it a day.
Tossing my workbag over my shoulder, I signaled to the workmen with a slash across my throat I was leaving, then hopped in the elevator and hit the floor button. As the doors slid shut, I retrieved my cellphone and tapped out a quick message to Carlos.

Hey u,
Leaving work.
Cumin 2 c u.
x

Slipping the cellphone back into my bag, I leaned back against the wall of the elevator and sighed. This was usually the time of the day when thoughts of Trevillo began running wild. The times when my mind was no longer on work and I had too much time before bed to think about him not phoning or visiting me since Saturday night.
That was four days ago.
Four days gone since he’d wordlessly sped off after I told him I thought he wasn’t an asshole. Would he have reacted better if I’d told him he was one? Because leaving me without a word was a total and complete asshole move.
After two days of watching my cellphone non-stop, and jumping each time it rang, hoping it was him, I promised myself that I wouldn’t waste anymore of my thoughts on him. I never actually lulled myself into thinking things could work between us anyway. We were worlds apart.
I couldn’t, however, help the feelings I had developed for him. A strong, burning, unending need for him. All the same, I wouldn’t act like a desperate bitch and ring his phone off, demanding an explanation as to why he left me hanging and hadn’t called me since. I have never chased a man in my entire life. And I wasn’t about to start.
So, I buried my head in the work that I had on hand — hence checking in at Skylark when I wasn’t exactly needed — and visiting Carlos more often than usual. Time with Carlos was the perfect distraction. He was the one who I could lose myself with. The one who knew the part of me that wasn’t empty.
Off the elevator and straight to my car, I hopped in and started to drive off the complex when a familiar black Audi turned in and blocked the entrance.
If only I’d left a few minutes earlier …
I waited for him to swerve to the side and drive in so I could drive out, but he wouldn’t move. When I blew the horn, keeping the heel of my palm down on it so it made a continuous sound, he moved, but only to turn his car in direct line with mine, and began creeping forward.
Being mulish, I huffed and muttered to myself I wasn’t going to reverse. But when I realized he wasn’t going to stop creeping forward, and his car was a second away from kissing mine, I swiftly slid the gear in reverse and gassed up. Slamming the gear into Park, I hopped out of the car and marched straight to his.
By the time I got up to his car, he’d gotten out and was standing behind the open door.
“Are you insane?!”
He looked me over and ignored my rant. “Good evening, Krissan.”
Instead of acknowledging his greeting, I gestured to his car. “Are you gonna get the hell out of the way so I can leave?”
“What if I don’t want you to leave?”
Exasperation seeped in. “I’m not one of your starry-eyed women who you can do whatever you want with, Trev. You can’t tell me you want me to be ‘Trev’s’ one minute, introduce me to your family as your ‘girlfriend’, fucking drop me off in my driveway, abruptly leave, and don’t call for four fucking days, then you pop up again and expect me to grin like a goddamn sappy teenager!”
Seemingly shocked at my outburst, he stated in a quiet voice, “You’re … really angry.”
I frowned at that. Not until that juncture had I realized just how steamed I was by his unexplained absence. I rarely shouted, and, being good with self-control, I almost never got this angry. That’s when I became aware of my shaking hands. Jesus, I was freakin’ furious. What the heck?
“Get the fuck out of my way, Trev.”
His tone was austere when he berated, “I thought I told you to stop swearing, Krissan. It doesn’t suit you.”
“Do I look like I give a shit?” I sallied.
With a quick move of his hand, his car door slammed shut, and he took a menacing step towards me, face serious. “Don’t. Swear.”
We stood there glaring at each other for more than a minute — me up, him down. Even while pissed at him, I wanted to jump him. Today he was suited: black suit, gray shirt, no necktie as usual, and his hair still hadn’t decided whether it wanted to be straight or curly. I couldn’t decide which Trevillo I liked more: the intimidating man in a suit, the rocker type man in heavy boots and jeans, or the playboy type in bright colors.
He was just so variable and unexpected.
Breaking the intense silence between us, I needed to know, “Why did you take off like that last Saturday?”
Dragging his fingers back through his hair, he shifted his gaze to the building then back to me. “Saturday was Saturday. Today’s Thursday.”
My lips curled petulantly at his evasive answer. “Are you one of those dark, closed-off anti-heroes like in those pathetic romance novels, where you had some shitty childhood, so even though you’re grown and filthy rich, you’re still wallowing in your past shit?” Eyes narrowing, I continued, “‘Cause if you are, then I’m telling you now, I don’t have time for that shit. I’m not going to spend my days stealthily trying to find out why you are fucked-up, and then try to ‘save’ you. If you’re fucked-up, then you need a psychiatrist or a bullet to the head. Not a girlfriend.”
Trevillo’s eyebrows shot up. “That’s harsh.”
“Yeah. Like I said, I don’t have the time for it. I don’t do the monosyllabic, cryptic shit. We can either have a conversation like two normal adults, or forget this.”
With a slight shake of his head, he gave me a crooked smile. “I didn’t know you read romance novels?”
I snorted. “Not a chance. But my best friend does. And I have to listen to her gush about her caveman heroes who don’t know how to communicate with women other than: You. Me. Bed. Because I said so. Unh. Unh. Come. This cunt is mine. Mine me say … ” I said in mock caveman voice, face expression and all. “Screw that shit. I like my men articulate, thank you very much.”
Laughing now, Trevillo walked to the front of his car and perched on the hood. He waved a hand up and down the length of my body and commented, “I’m liking this Krissy. Most animated I’ve ever seen you. Proves there’s a girl with a personality inside there.”
Ignoring that, I sneered, “You need to tell me why you’ve avoided me for four days, Trev, or get the hell out of my way.”
Quicker than a lightning’s wink, one hand shot out, grabbed my arm, and yanked me to him. The wind was knocked out of me at the impact. Betraying me, my body arched into him as a soft moan slipped through my lips. I’ve missed these strong arms, this hard chest, this scent of new leather and man. Those lips, those blue eyes, that searing stare … that tongue. I’ve missed it all.
I’ve missed him.
Somehow, he must’ve heard my thoughts, because a slow, seductive smile spread across his lips as he questioned, “You missed me, babe?”
“So bad,” I confessed through a rush of breath.
Tipping my chin up, he began peppering my neck with kisses, slipping words in between. “Then … why … didn’t you … pick up the phone … and … call me?”
Sighing as his tongue trailed up my neck to the soft spot behind my ear, I answered, “Because I’m not going to chase you.”
Kisses immediately ceased as Trevillo jerked his head back to look at me. “And why not?” He sounded affronted.
I stepped back out of his embrace and he let me, which proved he wasn’t happy with me at that moment. But I ignored the glare in his blues and told him as it was. “On Saturday afternoon, you told me, point blank, you know what you want. That you’re not impulsively dating me. That you’re decidedly with me. If that’s the case, then you need act as you speak. If I chase you, then that would be me telling you what you want.”
When he merely stared back at me with a blank expression, I threw up my hands in exasperation. “Trev, that move Saturday night was not of someone who knows what they want!”
“So what, now you’re a fucking psychiatrist?” he snapped.
“No. Just someone with common sense,” I shot back.
For several heartbeats, he glowered at me like he wanted to strangle me. Then he shook his head and muttered, “Fuck this” as he pushed up off the hood of his car and stalked to the driver’s side.
“Right!” I called after him. “Because that’s the behavior of someone who ‘knows what they want’!”
I spun around and stomped back to my car, hopped in, and started the engine, waiting with fuming impatience for him to move his damn car out of the way so I could drive out. But he was still there, and I wondered why. Given the pique he’d stormed off to his car with, I thought he would’ve blown out of there before I even got to mine.
And so, our cars had a stare off for about five minutes, Nissan to Audi, no one moving. Then I saw his door open and he came out and started walking towards my car. My body reacted on its own. I found myself slamming the gear in Park, lunging out of the car, and running straight to him.
Taken by surprise, Trevillo caught me with steady hands just as I went crashing into him. My hands went up and around him as I tried to climb my way up his tall, hard body until he took pity on me and lifted me up, my legs automatically locking around his waist. Before he got the chance to utter a word, I slammed my mouth down to his. Feverishly kissing him, hard and deep, not caring that the complex teemed with workers who were probably getting ready to leave. Trevillo didn’t seem to care either, because he was kissing me back with equal greed.
I couldn’t explain it. Why I had such a driving need for him. I couldn’t explain it. I just knew I loved being in his arms. That I loved being wanted by him. That I loved how his need matched mine. I knew what I wanted, and he was it.
His lips ripped away from mine, his breathing ragged. “What I want is you, Krissan Kingston.”
“What I want is you, Trevillo Nelson.”
“You can’t steal my line,” he said, smiling. “Be original.”
“I choose you,” I breathed.
“Still no,” he said, chuckling now. “I’d already chosen you.”
I rolled my eyes. “Just take me to your bed. Please. I need you.”
With another breath-snatching kiss, he walked with me still wrapped around him toward the passenger side of his car and stuffed me in. “Buckle up, babe. This is a need for speed.”



Chapter 17
S. James
Sarah’s
She was losing him.
Losing. Him.
To her.
That little slut, Krissan Kingston.
How could she ever possibly be better than Sarah? She wasn’t, of course. Krissan just had the liberty to do as she pleased: she was unmarried. Disengaged. Free. So Trevillo was allowed maul her in public.
He couldn’t do that with Sarah because she was married. Entangled. Trapped.
That should be her who Trevillo was being intimate with in public. Without a care in the world someone might see them. That someone’s life might be ruined.
She wanted that. She wanted him.
Sarah watched from across the street as Trevillo buckled the little tramp in his car, jogged to her car, switched off the engine, and grabbed her handbag. In no time, he was back in his car and screeching out of the complex.
Sarah was parked directly across from the open gates of Skylark’s complex, and from there, she could see everything without hindrance. And what she saw had hurt her deeply.
She’d driven to Skylark with the intention of seeing Krissan Kingston, to have a little ‘chat’ with her. But as she parked across the road and started to get out of her car, she skidded to a halt at the sight of Trevillo there arguing with said bitch.
Great. They were arguing.
Frickin’ wonderful.
Maybe she wouldn’t have to ‘chat’ with the bitch after all. But then, they weren’t arguing anymore. They were fucking sucking each other’s faces off. And Sarah felt as though someone had reached inside her chest and ripped her heart out. What she saw wasn’t anything casual. Wasn’t just fun. Wasn’t just temporary.
Who she saw wasn’t Trevillo Nelson.
Sarah knew right then and there she was going to lose him if she didn’t do something soon. Trevillo was hers. He owned her. Owned her heart. Her love. Every part of her. He just didn’t know the depth of her love because she’d been too proud to show it.
She would let him know, though. Before it was too late. She’d be damned if that bitch thought she could take Trevillo from her.
Once Trevillo knew her love for him was real, he’d let go of his reservations, his fears, his jealously. And they’d be good together. As they always were.
But before she bared herself to him, there was one tiny obstacle she had to get rid of. If it came down to it, two tiny obstacles.
Then, he’d be hers and hers alone.
He’d be Sarah’s.



Chapter 18
K. Kingston
Drive Me Wild
The drive to Trevillo’s penthouse was fast.
Fast and ominously quiet.
Neither of us spoke a single word since we sped from Skylark with a zing. Not even on the elevator up to the penthouse. We silently stepped off into the apartment as though we hadn’t been on each other with rabid intensity back at the complex. I had no idea what was on his mind, but my quietude was on account of thinking, with much anticipation, about how amazing, and endless, sex was going to be with him tonight.
Words still unspoken, Trevillo disappeared into his bedroom. The penthouse was darkened by the sun’s rapid descent, so I switched on the lights and started to undress in the living area, getting rid of my blouse and shimmying out of my skirt.
At the sudden sound of music, I jumped. Massive Attack’s Angel started flowing throughout the house. The base, waves, and echo effect sounded awesome.
Killer sound system, I thought as I kicked my skirt aside. Just then, the lights went out and dim, red lights came on. What the hell?
With the music and lighting, the apartment took on the aura and vibe of a night club. But this club was for two patrons only.
Sólo dos.
As I stooped down to unstrap my heels, Trevillo’s voice stopped me with a, “Keep those on.”
I glanced up and saw him striding towards me sinfully naked, his hardened cock pointing straight ahead, a handcuff clutched in his grasp.
Eyeing the handcuffs with mild trepidation, I slowly stood up. “Trev, I don’t do restrai — ”
“Not for you.”
He stopped in front of me, and using his free hand to grab my chin, he tilted my head back and dropped his lips to mine, giving me a rough, thorough kiss. A different kind of kiss than I’d ever tasted from him.
In just a red lace underwear set and black, strap-up, five-inch heels, I was aroused to the nth degree. His rough kiss along with the waves of the music spurred a wildness inside me. When I tried to move closer into him, he stopped kissing me.
“On your knees,” he ordered.
I stood diffident at his command. If the cuffs weren’t for me, then they had to be for him, which meant he’d be restrained at my mercy. Yet, he sounded so … commanding.
At my hesitance, he reiterated, “Knees, Krissy.”
No argument, I obeyed and got down on my knees before him.
He held out the handcuffs to me, and when I took them, he brought his wrists together in front. “Cuff me.”
I stared up at him for a moment, thinking how new, weird, and kinky this was for me, not having ever done anything this … hot. Thoughts of a cuffed Trevillo were doing odd things to my body.
“Do it.”
Gingerly, I snapped the handcuffs around his wrists and waited for the next order; curious and excited to see what this would turn into.
“Now, you’re gonna suck me off. I’m not allowed to move or reach for you. I’m supposed to stand and fucking take it just as you give it. My orgasm is in your hands. If I move an inch or try to reach for you, then you may stop for as long as you want, stymie my orgasm, do whatever the fuck you please until I learn to stand like a man and take what you give.”
I was serious when I said there were no adjectives to describe this man’s erogeneity, so I had to settle for the only noun that could act as one in his case: Why was he so sex?
Breath quickening, my teeth scraped over my lower lip at the prospect of having this man completely under control while I blew his oversexed brains out.
He must’ve mistaken my heavy breathing for fear, because he cocked his head to the side and suavely dripped, “I’ve avoided you for four days without an explanation, Miss Kingston. Do you think I deserve an easy come? Even after I allowed you to go without my hard, throbbing cock … or my wet, punishing tongue for four … whole … days?”
He dragged out the last words with a deep, sexy drawl … Oh dear God, this man was just too much. Too fervid. Too intense. Too impassioned.
I was so turned on, I felt as if I was going blind.
With my eyes locked to his, my lungs almost defunct, I placed my hands on his hips, parted my lips, leaned forward to his cock arrowed straight at my mouth, and wrapped my lips around him. Slowly taking more and more of him, I kept my hands firmly planted on his hips.
As he hit the back of my throat, I felt the vibration of his groan as he stared down at me with his mouth clamped shut. I kept him there for a while, his crown at my tonsils, and I dared him to flex his hips forward for the lack of movement. When he didn’t move, and my eyes started to water — because I couldn’t hold him there any longer without gagging — I pulled back, and that’s when I heard him release a long shudder.
The bastard was holding his breath. He was probably trained at this, for all I knew.
I began sucking him hands-free, swirling my tongue around his head, between the tiny slit, under the crown. Deep-throating him, sucking him hard, then fast, I was reveling in every minute of it.
However, while Trevillo groaned and growled from time to time, he hadn’t tried to move or reach for me at all. So I figured it was time to include hands.
Wrapping my fingers around the base of him, I began stroking him at a slow, lingering pace while I licked around his head. I watched as his eyes drooped and his tongue flicked out to wet his lips. The flare of his nostrils and the tightening of his lips tattled on the tenuousness of his hold.
So, picking up momentum, I began stroking him in fierce increments as I sucked his head hard into my mouth, until he tossed his head back, jolted his hips forward and he hissed, “No!”
“Don’t move, Trev,” I admonished around a mouthful of him.
Not so gently, I raked my teeth up his length and he cried out in pleasure as his hips jolted forward again. When I bit around the crown of his head again, he reached out for me and groaned, “Shit … yes, Krissy … ”
Removing my hands and mouth from him, I dodged cuffed hands that reached out to pull me back, and sat back on my heels.
“You moved,” I breathed, almost panting.
As if fishing for a plausible excuse, his eyes drifted to the ceiling, then they came back to me, and he shrugged pleadingly. “Another chance?”
Stifling a grin, I thought, I’m so loving this game.
Nodding in answer to his plea, I shifted back up on my knees, took him in my mouth again, and resumed the tease. Not long after, he started flexing his hips in synergy with my movements, so I stopped again.
Sitting back on my heels once more, I looked up and took in his strained expression, thinking this couldn’t possibly be easy for him. But it was his game, his rules, I was only playing along. So, I didn’t have the first inkling of a punishment to suit his breaking of the ‘no-moving’ rule. Should I bite him? Pinch him? Slap him? What?
Something came to mind, and I had no idea if it would be hard or facile for him, but I went with it anyway, because it was all I could come up with at that moment. “Grasp your cock, and pump until you come.”
Okay, so, in my head, that sounded hot. Out loud, it sounds pathetic.
Brow arched, Trevillo shook his hands to remind me he was cuffed.
I shrugged. “Do it. Or I’m gonna go find the keys and hide them. Then you’ll stay cuffed all night until you’re able to make yourself come.”
Jeez, I sucked at this. I didn’t sound convincing even to myself.
But, whatever.
Trevillo chuckled in a way that said, ‘you’re so adorable’. But then Mr. Sex was back. “So cruel, Miss Kingston. Though, being at your mercy for the rest of the night is something I’d most definitely be up for … ”
“Just do it,” I snapped, too riled up to wait any longer for him to get those cuffs off and start touching me.
“I love it when you’re bossy.”
Growing impatient, I started, “Trev — ”
But his complying movement cut me off as he awkwardly tried to grasp himself. Getting his cock into a fitting hold was a definite challenge, but once he had his fingers wrapped around his hard, blood-filled length, he steadily began stroking, pre-come instantly sprouting from the tip.
Dazed and hungry, I watched him work himself close to the edge — he was a sight to see. I dragged a hand down between my thighs and whimpered at the warm wetness I found there. Impatient and needy, I slid my hand inside my underwear and passed my fingers through my slickness.
Oh god, it felt so good.
Trevillo’s eyes lowered to my hand buried inside my underwear working myself to the edge along with him. At that, he began pumping himself faster.
Spurred on, I, too, began rubbing my fingers over my bud at a frantic pace, racing him to the peak.
“Christ,” he groaned, his breathing ragged. “You’re so fucking hot, Krissan.”
My hips undulated as I started grinding against my own fingers, my gaze stuck on Trevillo’s cuffed hands pumping away at his cock. I noticed his crest getting redder, engorged, the veins bulging at his stiffening rigidity, his abs tightening, and I knew he was on the brink of his orgasm.
Using my free hand, I yanked down the front of my bra and, panting, I ordered, “Right here, Trev. Empty yourself right here.”
On a growl, he took a step forward to close the tiny gap between us, leaning in as he continued to make sharp, rigid pumps, sweat beading on his forehead.
Skimming around my own orgasm, I tried to hold back and wait for his liquid heat to spray all over my cleavage before I let go. And such was a fragile hold.
“A beautiful pearl necklace, baby,” I moaned out. “Right here. Give it to me. Please.”
That did it for him.
A feral growl left him as his hot whiteness squirted out between my breasts, his hips flexing forward again and again.
Then I let go, my fingers pressing down as I stiffened under the seizing hold of my orgasm.
When he was drained, Trevillo got down to his knees in front of me, leaned over and licked his tongue up my cleavage, collecting a good amount of his own liquid, then came straight up and plunged that tongue, with his liquid, right into my mouth, kissing me thoroughly until we both swallowed a fair share of his semen.
Holy. Mother. Fuck.
Maybe I should’ve been grossed out. But instead, I was so aroused all over again, my inner walls began pulsing ceaselessly.
“You’re Trev’s,” his husky voice told me. Moving back, he lay supine on the floor and stretched his cuffed hands over his head. “Come,” he ordered. “Sit on my mouth so I can eat you, and eat you real fucking good. Then, you’re gonna fuck me until I disappear.”
Believe it or not, at those words, I came again. Not explosive. But a shuddering mini-orgasm.
Concupiscence hazing my vision, I gazed at the unbelievably sexy man who was stretched out before me, sporting a full-on erection even after just coming, and I anticipated, with an excited heart, how earth-shattering this night would be.
There was a place between heaven and hell, and that’s where this erotic man and I would be visiting tonight.
I was so falling.

Sunlight slipped through the blinds and took precious delight in penetrating my eyelids with its warm glare, coercing me from sleep and effectively getting me to blink in a new day. Stretching, I rolled over in bed to find I was alone, no Trev. A quick glance at the clock on the nightstand told me it was long past noon. Sleeping late wasn’t a practice of mine, yet the sun was high in the sky, and I was still under the covers.
Damn that man.
Trevillo had most likely left for work ages ago, but I slugged out of bed and wandered throughout the house anyway, hoping he might still be there. No such luck.
There was, however, a note on the kitchen counter, along with breakfast that was way past cold and uneatable.

You. Are. Perfect.
If you woke up to this note instead of me,
then it’s because you really did fuck me until I disappeared …
xox
Had to leave extra early for an eight o’clock meeting in L.A.
Will be back in SF by noon.

There are a few changes of outfits for you in my closet.
If you need to leave, take the white Aston (key with V12 on the back).
I had someone take your car to your house.
Will call you as soon as I get done with these irksome demands that come with being a billionaire (I swear I’m not arrogant … just world-weary).
xox
P. S. You drive me wild.

Smiling with contentment, I ambled to the kitchen in search of something to eat not requiring me to use the stove. Like cereal. That was easy enough.
As soon as I effortlessly poured milk and cereal into a bowl and started my non-complicated ‘lunch’, I heard my cellphone ping from somewhere in the living room. Another spoonful of cereal got shoveled into my mouth before I got up and went in search of my phone.
A text message from Carlos:

Hey, KK,
You never did show up yesterday …
NEED you 2day, tho.
Available for around 3?

I hadn’t planned on leaving the apartment at all, seeing as I didn’t have to go in at Skylark until the floors were done. But a day at Carlos’ would be better since Trevillo probably wouldn’t be back from his ‘irksome billionaire demands’ until sundown. Besides, I had a few lines I wanted to give life to. So I texted Carlos a confirmation, finished my cereal, and grabbed a shower.
When I walked into Trevillo’s closet after a hot shower, I was pleased to see there were just six outfits hanging on a clothes rack for me. He had no idea how much I appreciated this, that he hadn’t gone against my wishes by bombarding me with extraneous extravagance. The pieces were nothing short of what I would’ve chosen myself. The stylist who put them together, and I’m thinking she was said cousin mentioned last week, knew her stuff.
Making a selection, I chose an outfit that consisted of distressed, acid-wash jeans, a skin-tight, deep-red Cami tank, a black and gray patterned scarf and flat, black thigh-highs.
Having no hot tools there to style my hair, I just brushed it back from my face, leaving it damp and skipped on make-up. To me, make-up doesn’t make sense without a hair-do. One should either go au naturel or full glamour. Anything in between is fake and deceiving.
I grabbed my handbag, retrieved the key marked V12, hopped onto the elevator, and headed down to the garage.
One large section of the garage was lined with thick, red parking lines instead of yellow parking lines like other areas of the garage, and the red-lined section was where Trevillo normally parked. So, deducing that section was solely his, it’s where I went.
Next to the empty spot where his Audi usually rests was a black Aston Martin One-77 — it was Trevillo in car form: Sex … on wheels. Beside it was a pitch-black, tinted windows Range Rover, and next to that, what I held the keys to: a white Aston Martin V12 Vantage.
Pouting, I wondered why I wasn’t allowed to drive the One-77 instead of the V12. Maybe he was afraid I’d total it? I laughed at that thought, thinking I probably would, because I wasn’t even sure I could manage the V12.
I knew a lot about car types because Jahleel was automobile-passionate, and I had to listen to him go on about motorbikes and cars all the time, updating me on automobile information I didn’t care to hear about. So I had enough knowledge of cars to know the One-77 was more highly rated than the V12. Cherished, to say the least. And I was beginning to think Trevillo was ludicrous for letting me go behind the wheel of his precious V12 Vantage instead of the Range Rover.
Pressing the unlock button on the crystal-sapphire key, I opened the door and slid inside the red-interior beauty. Then I was stuck. I had no idea how to start this car.
I spun the rectangular key over in my hand, wondering how it worked. In scrutiny, I scanned around the steering wheel and across the dashboard searching for a Start Engine button or something, knowing some cars were like that — a simple push of a button. Then I spotted the platinum-rimmed circle marked Engine Start right above the stereo. It wasn’t a button I could push though, and it took me a minute to figure out I had to push the rectangular key inside, then it took me another minute to figure out I had to hold it in for a few seconds before the car purred to life.
Sheesh. Talk about complicated.
I nearly jumped out of my skin when the stereo snapped on, blaring Michael Jackson’s She Drives Me Wild. Considering the fact Trevillo wrote I drove him wild in his note, I had no doubt this song was intentionally left on high-blast — to emphasize his compliment.
Smiling, I deeply inhaled the familiar scent of new leather and male. Was it him who absorbed the scent of his cars or his cars that soaked up the scent of him? Because his Audi held the exact scent. Either way, I was hooked on it.
Shifting the gear, I gingerly drove out of the garage and headed out to Carlos’.



Chapter 19
K. Kingston
Falling
Twenty-minutes later, I pulled in to Carlos’ residence — his brother’s residence, actually. Carlos was a long-time high school friend of mine. We used to be in the same music class and even in a secret band — secret because of the religious parents I had.
There’d been five of us in the band, and we created music solely for fun, because of our love of music. Music gave us a sense of freedom.
After graduation, we all separated and went off to college in different states, except Carlos and me. While I enrolled in college to study architecture and interior design, Carlos decided he wanted music to be more than a hobby, so he studied the arts.
He started a website offering royalty-free music, soundtracks, sound effects, and the like, which has gotten more and more popular as the years slipped by. Movie producers, music producers, et cetera all had memberships on his site and downloaded his work for commercial or personal use, sometimes reproduction with additional payments for extended rights. His soundtracks could often be heard in commercials, as background music in movies, or were sometimes bought by musicians.
Where did I come in?
I was the voice he used for whole songs, sound effects like moans, laughter, feminine whispers, scary screams, giggles, yawns … I also created guitar pieces for him because I played the guitar well. And I did it all for free because, when in Carlo’s studio, I was me. The girl left on the beach side to die.
I was someone else other than Krissan Kingston. I was Krissan Something. Because Kingston blood wasn’t the blood running through me. No, the blood of someone who possessed musical talent ran through me.
The reason I hid this side of me from others — even Jahleel — was because I wished this talented blood didn’t run through me, just like those said talented people had wished I’d never been born, so much so, they’d tried to kill me. I refused to embrace the talent they passed on to me, just as they refused to embrace me as their child. So, passion for music was my dirty little secret.
Seconds after ringing the doorbell, Mark, Carlos’ older brother, swung it open, holding a half-full brandy snifter in his hand. Shirtless, he displayed his rock-hard abs cockily at me.
Mark was an average hunk. He wasn’t handsome, but he wasn’t unattractive. He had a gapped-tooth smile, a crooked nose and sand-brown hair receding much too early for his age. He did, however, own a body that would make any woman salivate.
Mark was also a whore. A whore without remorse.
He was moneyed, too, but I wasn’t sure how. Carlos didn’t know what he did for a living, neither did I. Yet he could afford luxury such as this residence: a six bedroom house that was a lot like a mini playboy mansion, seeing there were always naked girls running around.
“Hey, KK,” he drawled, and I could tell he was far beyond tipsy.
I pushed past him into the foyer. “Jeez, Mark, it’s not even three in the afternoon, and you’re already shitfaced.”
Laughing, he closed the door, stretched his arms out wide and started walking backwards into house. “YOLO!!” he shouted. “I could walk across the street right now and get hit by a big ole truck. And boom! Life’s over.”
Shaking my head, I rolled my eyes at him. “You’d get hit by a truck only because you’d be too damn drunk to remember to look up and down before you cross.”
Leaving Mark with his brandy snifter turned up at his mouth, I made my way through the house and tried keeping my eyes straight ahead to ignore: the two half-naked girls tonguing each other on a couch in the living area, the three performing body shots on the floor in the hallway, and the nude Hispanic who was eyeing me as she licked her lips while I strode past her to the stairway leading down to the basement where Carlos’ studio was located.
See? Mini Playboy mansion.
Carlos and I were the same age, and he had no qualms whatsoever about squatting with his debauched, mysteriously-wealthy brother. He claimed squatting with Mark gave him the opportunity to save his own dough, what with Mark taking care of all expenses, including groceries and his wardrobe.
Carlos was hunched over his mixing board with headphones on when I arrived down in the studio, his head bobbing. Even being on the chubby side and under six feet tall, Carlos was better-looking than Mark, kind of cherubic.
As if he sensed my presence, he glanced up with a wide grin. “KK … ” — Oh, he also grinned a lot for no reason — ” … You’re early.”
Setting my handbag down on a nearby chair, I went over to hug him. “Yeah. Have an empty schedule, so I can afford punctuality.” I ruffled his curly hair as I perched on the handle of his chair. “How may I be of assistance today, boo?”
Carlos reached over to his desk on the left, picked up a notepad with some scribbled lines on it, and handed it to me. “I have a smooth track I want to weave your breathy voice into, saying those words. After that, I want to do some new horror screams, sexual moans, and sexy morning yawns — change it up a bit. Members are requesting them.”
Going by the phrases on the paper, the track had to be a sexual one: Touch me, Take me, I want you, ssssss, Yours, Mine, Yours alone, Give it to me, Don’t stop … .
Time to have some fun.
I smacked the top of Carlos’ head with the notepad and grinned my I’m-Fucking-Free grin as I got up and opened the door to the sound room. “Let’s get it crackalacking, baby!”
Two hours later, we were good to go, and Carlos was wearing his perpetual grin, excited about his new track. But I wasn’t done.
“I’ve got a song I want you to lay down for me,” I told him. “It’s half a song, actually.”
“To what rhythm?” he asked without hesitation.
Carlos would never deny me anything, plus this was the first time I’d ever asked him to create a track not for his benefit.
“Acoustic. I’m playing the guitar.”
“Raw music today, huh?” His grin widened. “What’s this new happiness about?”
I shrugged and murmured, “The unexpected,” more to myself than to him and turned to head back into sound room.
As Carlos prepared to voice me, I took my white Gibson off its hook on the wall, wired it up, tossed it across my shoulders, and waited for Carlos’ cue. I’d been writing the song in my head since last Saturday on Sweet Sins. Even though it was incomplete, I wanted to lay it down, anyway. Just for the sake of confessing the words out loud that I was falling. Maybe the other half would come to me as I sang.
Testing the flow I had in mind, I played around on the guitar for a while. By the time I had a solid flow, Carlos was ready. He nodded and leaned back with his arms crossed, watching me from behind the glass, his grin still present, curiosity bright on his face.
My fingers touched the strings as I closed my eyes and started a lengthy intro. Then, I took a breath and did what I did best:

I never wanted more
I never wanted us
I never wanted you
I never wanted me

But you gave me more
You gave me you
You gave me us
You let me be me

And now I’m fallin’
Deep down into the unknown
Yet I’m not screamin’
‘M not afraid of the unknown

Baby, I’m fallin’
With every kiss, every breath
And I’m not complainin’
No, not yet

My fingers worked the guitar strings as I did an instrumental bridge while mentally writing the next verse. But then, an eerie feeling prompted me to open my eyes, and when I did, I gasped.
Trevillo was standing on the other side of the studio staring at me through the glass, wearing a livid expression. Mark was standing beside him holding an icepack over his right eye, and Carlos was holding a hand over his nose, blood seeping through his fingers, his eyes watery.
What in the world … ?
At the reflexive thought to drop the guitar and run outside to find out what the hell was going on and why the hell Trevillo was standing there, he made a sharp shake of his head, and I understood. He was commanding me not to stop. To continue singing. He heard the words, knew they were meant for him, and he wanted to hear more. But, there wasn’t any more, I’d sung all the words I’d written, which made up only half of a song.
Afraid to stop because of the threatening expression on his face, I continued to work the guitar even though my friend’s nose was squirting blood.
Until the words for the other half came. And I sang them. With my eyes opened. Locked on him.

You’ve been trying to find my soul
You wanted to know more
You wanted to see more
You wanted to be more

I’ve been trying to hide my soul
Too afraid to show more
Too afraid to want more
Too afraid to accept more

But, baby, now I’m fallin’
With every kiss, every breath
And I’m not complainin’
No, not yet

‘Cause my walls are crumblin’
Liberty belongs to me
Ooh, my walls are crumblin’
Baby … this is me.

Long after I completed the song, we just stood there staring at each other through the glass. Trevillo’s face was still serious, but I couldn’t tell if he was still angry or not. After an eon of stare down, I saw his lips move, along with a wave of his hand and Carlos and Mark left the studio. Trevillo walked across the room, opened the door to the sound room, and entered to resume his stare down from a closer vantage point.
Finally, he said, “You have the most angelic voice.” His eyes smiled, but his lips didn’t.
“What in God’s good name happened out there?” I asked, because he was standing there complimenting my voice as if there weren’t two — or even more — people outside nursing injuries I was quite sure he inflicted.
“Did I forget to tell you you’re perfect?”
“Trev — ”
He cut me off by cupping my face and slamming his lips down to mine, kissing me as if it were the first time. Like he’d never kissed me before and just needed to know how I tasted. I moaned into his mouth at his attack, and he moaned back.
“I also forgot to tell you, you drive me wild,” he mumbled.
Despite the situation, I smiled. “Nope. You haven’t forgotten to tell me either thing.”
“Don’t talk against my lips, Krissy,” he scolded against mine. “It travels down to my cock and makes me want to fuck you really, really hard … and I can’t fuck you right now.”
Prying my lips apart from his, I laughed this time. “You’re so romantic, Trev.”
“Credits to Shakespeare.”
Before I could ask him again to explain what just happened, Mark’s voice came through the speakers in the sound room. “Limo’s here for the girls, Trev.”
Trevillo turned his face to the glass and shot Mark a withering stare. Mark was clearly not his favorite person at that moment. How did he even know Mark? And why was he here?
Lifting my guitar over my head and setting it aside, Trevillo wrapped his fingers around my wrist and turned with me out of the sound room, from the studio, up the stairs and out of the basement. With firm, purposeful strides, he navigated through the house and straight out the front doors.
There was a white Hummer limousine sitting out front with nine girls standing alongside it, including the ones I’d seen earlier. They were all flawless, polished, with perfect boobs and asses and blemish-free skin.
Trevillo released his hold of me and gave me a look that said “stay put”, before walking down the limestone steps to stand in front of the girls.
“You can tell I’m fucking pissed, right?” he directed to all of them in general.
Not one of them looked directly at him, they just traded ‘uh-oh’ glances with each other. “Yeah, two different cohorts flew in last night — one all the way from Europe — to see your asses.” He singled out a girl standing on the left end. “Especially you.”
She was taller and curvier than the others, with long, black hair flowing past her hips. She looked Indian, but I couldn’t tell for sure. Now that I took notice of her, she indeed stood out among the other girls, possessing more striking features.
“Yet, now I hear the club only had seven fucking girls last night because all of you dumb fucks decided to spend the night here partying with this fucking jackass?”
Without turning around, he pointed his thumb over his shoulder, and I thought it was at me, but I became aware of Mark standing next to me, still holding the icepack over his eye.
“I don’t like having unsatisfied business partners. It’s a bad look, and it hinders me from having those big guys signing deals without a second thought, because Mr. Nelson always takes care of them. In other words, you take care of them. Therefore, when you’re doing dumb shit like this instead of ‘taking care’, it’s fucking with my money. And if I’m not breaking big deals, how do you expect to live like this?” he asked, his hand waving at the Hummer limo, indicating luxury. “So, you know what, unless it’s your time of the month, none of you are allowed to skip nights at the club without permission. Have a problem with that? Then hop on a plane and head back to wherever the fuck you came from.”
None of them seemed to have a problem with that. From where I stood, they appeared terrified at the thought of going back to … wherever they were from.
Trevillo made a shooing gesture with his hand, and the girls quickly shuffled into the limo and left. Turning, he made Mark the subject of his glare. “You’re banned from the club for a month. You lure my girls out of the club again, I’m done with you. I pay you to work, so you should fucking work.”
Mark nodded in acceptance, but gave me a side-long glance and complained, “You blackened my eye and broke my little brother’s nose for something we’re not guilty of, and you’re not even gonna say you’re sorry?”
Trevillo’s shoulders jerked with a shrug. “Consider that black-eye a punishment. But give Carlos my apologies.”
Marked peevishly muttered something under his breath, then turned and narrowed his gaze at me. “You know, KK, you could’ve told us you are with this fucker. Because then I would’ve taken precautions in keeping you as far away from my house as possible.”
“I didn’t even know you two were acquainted, Mark!” I defended.
“Bull,” Mark spat, shooting me one last accusing glare before whirling and stomping back into the house.
Looking irritable, Trevillo nodded for me to come along with him, as if I didn’t just watch him berate a string of flawless women, called them his girls, and talked about some club I didn’t know about. What the goddamn hell?
Planted where I was on the top of the steps, I stared down into his impatient gaze. “You’re into human trafficking?”
Indignation flashed across his face as his jaw clenched. “You serious? Did any of those girls look like they’re being forced to do shit against their will?”
Aside from a few chagrined expressions, none of the women, should I be honest, looked like hapless women who were being forced to live a life they didn’t want. “But … you called them your girls. What do they do for you?”
“They don’t do anything for me, or anybody, but themselves, Krissy. They live a free, luxurious life without a worry in the world. When they’re ready to quit it, they quit. No one stops them.”
I shook my head. “I don’t understand.” I really didn’t.
“Should we continue having this fucking conversation like this? Here?” he snapped at me. Then he raked his fingers back through his hair and his voice softened. “Please, Krissy, come with me. Anything you ask me, I’ll answer with the truth.”
Remaining where I was, I wagged my head no.
Trevillo sighed and took a few steps forward, stopping at the bottom step. He looked up at me and locked me in his gaze. “A few breathtaking minutes ago, you showed me you. You, singing, has got to be the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard. You’re precious to me, Krissan. So I promise, I won’t hide anything from you. ‘Cause I’m falling, too.”

After heading back into the house to check on Carlos’ well-being and showering him with a profusion of apologies for something I couldn’t even explain, I fetched my handbag and headed back outside where Trevillo was waiting for me in his car. He assured me he’d have someone pick up the V12 and sped out of Mark’s residence.
“It’s a pleasure club,” he explained, before I could start shooting questions. “Not a business, just for pleasure. Private, exclusive, confidential, identities concealed. I, along with a close friend whose name I can’t disclose because he’s a celebrity, own it.
“For the girls, it’s their choice to be there. It’s their choice if they want to fuck the members or just tease and play roles. No one forces anyone to do anything. They only need to make sure they’re on the floor every night. That’s all. They’re given their own high-end apartment, their own high-end vehicle, monthly allowance, and basically live like fucking rockstars.
“No druggies, though. No kind of drugs whatsoever. Got to stay clean, or they get the boot. And there’s a long list of girls on standby, waiting for someone to get kicked out so they can slide into that spot. It’s all just for fun. For pleasure. For the underground enjoyment of my business partners. That’s all.”
Having spewed all that out in one breath, he inhaled deeply when he was done. And I nodded. Because I believed him. Mark always had these hot, sexy women running around his house like playboy bunnies, and, as aforesaid, they were all flawless and seemed quite content. So I didn’t have a reason to doubt his words.
“For your pleasure, too?”
“Not sexually.” He glanced over at me for a brief second before shifting his eyes back to the road. “I told you: you’re the first younger woman I’ve ever been with. The only one I intend to be with.”
I decided to ignore the latter of his sentence … for now.
Even though I knew the answer to my next question, I fired it anyway. “Did you hit Mark and Carlos because of me, or because of ‘your girls’?”
Trevillo dragged his eyes from the road and gave me a look I couldn’t fathom. He shook his head slightly and redirected his eyes to the road.
“I went there to set Mark and those girls straight, but I saw my Aston, and knew you were there. Only, I didn’t know why you were there. At my friend’s house. The worst of my friends, at that. The friend who fucks any damn thing that breathes. Even though I couldn’t piece together how you even knew him, I just assumed you were screwing him.
“So, the second he opened his door, my fist connected with his face. I demanded to know where the fuck you were and, if he was fucking you, I was gonna kill him then decide what to do with your ass later. He swore he didn’t know any Krissy, but that if I were referring to KK, then she was down in the basement with his brother.”
He chuckled as if now realizing how thoughtless and impulsive his actions had been. “Yeah, that made me see red. I stormed down to the basement, saw you behind the glass with your eyes closed, strumming your guitar, and then, I was breathless.” Smiling appreciatively, he added, “You’re fucking amazing, Krissan Kingston.”
Flattered by his compliment, but still confused about Carlos’ broken nose, I asked, “Then why on earth did you hit Carlos?”
“Oh, that.” His face got serious again. “I saw him looking at you and licking his lips like he was picturing you naked, while you sang words meant for me. I didn’t like it. So I broke his fucking nose so he’d know never to look at another man’s woman like that again.”
Appalled, I gaped at him, instantly remembering his words: ‘With me, things are usually insane, fast, and dangerous’.
“You’re a bit frightening sometimes, Trev.”
“Good. Never cheat on me.”
His voice held so much austerity and threat, cold sweat from fear washed over me.
“Why do you think I would?” I whispered.
A reminiscent shadow passed over his face, and several minutes went by before he decided to answer. “Every woman I’ve ever screwed belonged to someone else. They were all taken: married 0r otherwise, yet they willingly gave themselves to me. Sometimes without a second thought, and sometimes with a half-hearted fight that was more submission instead of true resistance. It’s always so easy. I fucked them and sent them back to their husbands or whoever. Women are … women: Weak and fickle. And weak. And fucking faithless. They can’t be trusted.”
That was when it all became clear to me. “So that’s the reason you never bothered finding someone for yourself? Someone to call yours? Someone close to your age, that you might fall for? Because you think they’ll cheat on you just like the women you’ve slept with cheated on their significant others?”
Trevillo sucked in his cheeks and kept his eyes trained on the road, seeming deep in thought. Despite the seriousness of the conversation, I couldn’t help admiring how boyish he looked when he did that.
“Don’t cheat on me, Krissan,” was all he offered.
And this time, it wasn’t just a threat, it was also a plea.



Chapter 20
T. Nelson
The First Wife
“C’mon, Trev, just one draw,” Nardo pressured, thrusting a huge joint in his face.
Trevillo was hanging out at his buddy’s home, lounging by the pool, talking shit, and swigging beers. While Mark and Nardo smoked pot, Trevillo didn’t, so they were constantly trying to talk him into it, being the epitomes of peer pressure.
Nardo’s home was the one place they could get away with underage lawbreaking shit, such as smoking and drinking alcoholic beverages, because Nardo’s father smoked pot, too. He was cool, and he understood guys needed to be guys, so he allowed them free reign. Thus making the Lewis’ residence their weekend chill spot. For Trevillo, it was a break from the overwhelming pretentiousness at his own home.
For about the hundredth time, Trevillo declined. “Nah. I’m good.”
Nardo shrugged, pulled a long draw, and resumed his pointless chatting. As usual, Trevillo only half-listened to the gibbering, as his attention was directed up to the third-floor balcony of the Mediterranean-style home. There, Mrs. Lewis, Nardo’s mother, was lying face-up on a lounge chair, sunbathing in a red bikini. She wore huge sunglasses and had a paperback open in her hand. Maybe she was reading, maybe she was checking him out behind those sunglasses. Who knew?
He chose to believe the latter, though. Mainly because the woman always swam or sunbathed on the days he and his buddies decided to hang by the pool. And she suffered no uncomfortable awkwardness sashaying around in those flimsy scraps called ‘bikinis’.
It had to be him who she teased. It couldn’t have been Mark, because he had a gap in his teeth that was so wide, you could see his tonsils when he smiled.
The flaunting might not have bothered Trevillo if the woman was wrinkled and unattractive with flab here and there, saggy tits or a flat, shapeless ass.
That, however, wasn’t the case with Mrs. Lewis.
Mrs. Lewis was a blond bombshell who was polished to a T, buffed to the D, and curvier than video vixens.
Trevillo didn’t watch porn. Porn was for suckers. All his fantasies consisted of Mrs. Lewis and him in various positions, and he would fist himself into orgasm many times imagining his cock in her mouth, between those copious breasts, inside her … Shit. The woman was a fucking tease, and she was going to get fucked. Soon. Real soon. He just needed an opening, narrow as it may be.
Soon came sooner than he ever imagined it would be.
As the heat of the sun pelted down on him at the poolside, Trevillo squinted his eyes against its glare and watched as Mr. Lewis walked out onto the balcony, twirling his car keys around his fingers, formally dressed, looking like he was about to leave. His lips moved as he said something to his wife, and she gave him a bright smile and nodded. He leaned down to drop a kiss on her forehead and disappeared back into the house.
Trevillo kept still, blocking out the chattering of Nardo and Mark, as he keenly listened for a specific sound.
That sound came three minutes later: the roaring of Mr. Lewis’ Ferrari.
Delighted he finally had his opening, Trevillo turned to Nardo and held out his hand. “I’ll take that draw now.”
Grinning, Nardo passed him the joint and Trevillo sucked in a long draw, held it in for a beat, and let it escape through his nostrils. Passing the joint back to Nardo, he stood up from the lounge chair he was sprawled out on, and told his friends, “Gonna take a piss.”
More than familiar with the Lewis’ residence, Trevillo navigated his way from the pool area, straight into the house, and up the stairs to the third floor where he knew Mrs. Lewis was.
He stopped at the French doors leading out to the balcony so that Nardo and Mark wouldn’t be able to see him. Quietly standing there for a minute, he studied Mrs. Lewis’ gold-tanned skin glistening under the sun, her nipples hard and pressing against the thin fabric of her bikini top. Was she turned on, or did she just have those kind of tits? He took note of the book she was reading and instantly understood. She was actually reading, not checking him out.
His arrogance needed to be subdued.
Guising his voice as weak and vulnerable, he tapped his knuckles against the French door and called, “Mrs. Lewis?”
Startled by his voice, she jackknifed up from the chair and turned, her cheeks flushed, looking as if she’d been caught doing bad deeds.
This was such a wide opening.
When she saw him, she relaxed and smiled. “Oh, hi, Trev.”
With feigned diffidence, he slid his gaze to his friends down at the poolside, then back at her. “I kind of … need your advice on something. Girls.”
Mrs. Lewis looked to his friends down at the poolside, too, then nodded with a knowing expression. “Ah, you don’t want your friends to know you’re seeking girl advice.” Closing her book and setting it aside, she stood up from her chair and walked into the house.
Stilling faking, he made a timid chuckle. “No. How em-embarrassing would that be?”
Mrs. Lewis gave him a benign smile as she stopped in front of him, placing a hand on one hip provocatively jutted out to the side. Even though he was a mere seventeen years old, he was already six feet one inch in height, and Mrs. Lewis was shorter than him at around five feet eight. It drove him wild when women had to tilt their head back to meet his eyes. The ultimate turn on.
Fighting to keep his eyes on her face and not her cleavage, he asked, “You know about relationship stuff, right?”
She emitted a sexy laugh. “Of course, Trev. I’m married, aren’t I?”
“Well, there’s this girl … ” Trailing off, he made a show of glancing uncertainly around the room, pretending to be uncomfortable with talking about such a ‘personal’ topic in the open.
Mrs. Lewis waved her hand dismissively. “No one’s here but me and the housekeeper, Trev. You can talk.”
He injected a dose of lameness in his voice and expression. “Yeah, but I still feel … you know.”
Rolling her eyes, she spun on her heels and signaled for him to follow. “Alright. C’mon, we can talk in my study.”
Trailing behind her gave him a close-up of her ass rolling in the skimpy bikini. Trevillo took the opportunity to adjust his crotch as he followed her throughout the house and down a hallway, where she stopped and opened the door to her study.
She gestured for him to enter. He walked in, but immediately pivoted around. The instant she closed the door and turned, he hovered over her.
She let out a tiny gasp as she stared up at him with questioning eyes. “What are you doing?”
Trevillo moved in closer, and she stepped backward with each advance until she was backed up against the door, right where he wanted her. When he moved his right hand around her to turn the lock with a ‘click’, she asked again, “Trev, what are you doing?”
As his gaze dropped to her wide, full lips, he announced, “I’m going to kiss you.”
And he did. His lips met hers, and his tongue slipped between them to rub against hers. He was utterly surprised at her receptiveness of the kiss. Until she pushed hard at his chest, jerking him back a bit, and slapped him across the face.
Fuck, that felt good.
“I’m married!” she hissed at him. “You don’t just kiss somebody’s wife!”
“Do that again,” he commanded.
Face twisting in confusion, she asked, “What?”
“Hit me again.”
She gaped at him. “You are one twisted little fucker, do you know that?”
“Do I have to kiss you again for you to do as I say and hit me?”
As she opened her mouth to speak, Trevillo slid his tongue inside again. This time, she wasn’t just receptive, she was eager. She threw her hands up around his neck and kissed him back with voracious need. Then she ripped her lips apart from his and slapped him again.
Trevillo smiled.
Out of breath, she told him, “I’m Nardo’s mother. I could be your mother. You’re nuts!”
“Impediments. Impediments,” Trevillo tsked. “You know this is what you fantasize about.”
She narrowed her eyes. “What the hell’s that supposed to mean?”
Trevillo leaned in and brought his lips to her ear, flicking his tongue at the lobe. “That novel you were reading, I know it. Erotic. Seems to be popular, because my sis and her friends are also gushing about it. I know it’s about a young, hot, sexy rock star, and a shy, innocent virgin. And they have lots and lots and lots and lots of sex — ”
“What’s your point?”
“I’m not a rock star,” he continued, as he kissed behind her ear. “But I’m young, I’m hot, and I’m fucking rich.”
“Well, you’re not cocky at all,” she rejoined.
“I’m not. Just highlighting what you’re feigning ignorance at.” Bringing his hands between them, he brushed his thumbs over her hardened nipples under the thin fabric, and she emitted a peep of a moan. “I’m also a virgin … ”
That made her stiffen, gazing up at him with incredulity. “You’re a … that is a lie.” She shook her head. “No seventeen year old virgin is this smooth. No virgin knows their way around a woman’s body like this. So much so, you even have me considering this inane idea … ”
She was right, his ass was lying. He lost his virginity three years ago to a perpetually-horny socialite and cougar who was a close friend of his aunt. But throwing in a shock factor during a seduction was necessary to stir a mixture of emotions in women. Mixed with the inciting caresses, it boggles their mind and clouds their judgment and, therefore, they always give in. Every girl wanted to be a guy’s first something.
Trevillo released a light chuckle. “Being a seducer isn’t something I was taught or I practice … ” — another lie, the socialite was a damn good teacher — ” … For me, it’s innate. I’ve never been inside a woman, but I know how to make a woman beg me to be inside her.” Tilting up her chin, Trevillo licked his tongue up her neck. “I do this to girls often. But I’ve never fucked any of them, because none of them makes my cock as hard as you do.”
Reaching behind her, he took hold of her bikini string, and with one tug, the knot came undone. “Whenever I see you in these lil’ … things, Mrs. Lewis, my cock grows so painfully hard, I become numb, unable to think of anything else but being inside you. Yet, while I’m sucking, finger-fucking or taking a blow, I’ve never desired to be inside any of those girls. I’ve been saving myself for you.”
Watching her lips part as she panted, unable to find words, Trevillo reached for the strings around her neck and tugged. The knot came undone and the bikini top fell between them, revealing her heavy, brown-nipple tits.
Smoothing his hands up her sides, he used his thumbs to caress the sides of her breasts, then he cupped them without letting his fingers touch her nipples, and she let out a frustrated mewl.
“You want me lick them, don’t you?” Lowering his head, he gently breathed on her nipples. “They’re aching for just a touch, just a tweak, just a simple flick of the tongue, aren’t they?”
Struggling to hold her footing, Mrs. Lewis lifted her chin. “If you’re really a virgin, it would be a complete waste of my time, because once you’re inside me, you’d come in two seconds flat.”
Oh, he’d be showing her two seconds in a second.
Chuckling, Trevillo informed her, “Mrs. Lewis, even though I’m excited to have you, I’m not that excited.”
“Fucking your fist and fucking a real vagina is not the same thing,” she shot.
Trevillo brought his hands to her hips and grabbed the side-strings of her bikini bottom. “Even if I do come in two seconds, guess what? We can go again, and again, and again. Just like in that book you were reading. I’m young, I’m virile, and I’ve got a big fucking cock. I’ve kept my virginity because I wanted to feel your cunt — sorry, vagina, or whatever the hell you prefer I call it, wrapped around me, fucking away my innocence. I don’t want to keep it anymore; I want to give it to you. So, will you take it, Mrs. Lewis?”
A gasp escaped her when Trevillo tugged at the strings of her bikini bottom, undoing the knots and causing the scrap of fabric to fall, leaving her completely nude.
“There’s nothing innocent about you. You’re a sexual hellion!” she pointed out. “Dear God, you look, smell, and wreak sex. And, for Marcello’s son, you have a rather filthy, filthy ass mouth.”
Leaning in, Trevillo braced up against her, pressing her hard against the door, making sure she could feel the rigidity of his erection was just as hard as the wood against her back. He dipped a hand between her thighs and slid his fingers through her drenched heat. “I also have a big, hard, throbbing dick, a punitive tongue, and,” bringing his wet fingers up to her mouth, he wiped her arousal across her lips, “your desperate need dripping off my fingers.”
Her pink tongue darted out and licked it all from her lips. She closed her eyes and made a sound akin to a sob. “This is so wrong.”
Placing his hands on either side of her head, Trevillo leaned down to drop his lips to hers. “But wrong is what you crave. This is your fantasy, and you are my fantasy. So, forget that novel, and give in to the real deal, gorgeous.”
Teasing her parted lips with his, he told her, “Here’s what I want: I want to fuck you against this door. Right now. Hard. I want to come over here as usual on the weekends and watch you sunbathe out on that balcony in those skimpy little scraps. And when your husband leaves, I want to come in and fuck you anywhere, on any surface you want. Whatever excites you. And if I ever disappoint, I want you to slap the shit out of me — you give a good backhand.” Flexing his hips into her, he asked, “Now, what do you want, Mrs. Lewis?”
Seemingly lost for words, her eyes lowered to his lips, and her hips rocked as she moved against his erection, trying to ease the ache he knew she had between her thighs.
Trevillo grabbed her right hand and brought it to his bulge. “Is this what you want, Mrs. Lewis?”
On a deep moan, she breathed out her confession, “It’s what I crave.”
Hitching up her left leg around his waist, he flexed his hips into her again. “Well, then, why don’t you use those delicate hands of yours to undo my jeans, take hold of what you crave, and guide it inside you?”



Chapter 21
S. James
Taking what’s Mine
Sarah drew back the curtains from her bedroom window and watched as the Mexicans stalked out of the house, collected their guns, hopped into their big, black Escalade, and sped off. By the looks of it — the rapidity of their steps, the aggression with which they retrieved their guns from the house securities, the tire-burning screech that they gassed off with — she could tell their meeting with her husband didn’t go well.
Sarah was counting on that.
Wasting not another second, she slid on her red pumps to complement the red lingerie set she donned over an hour ago, waiting for Johnson’s meeting with the Mexicans to end. Her hair was done in wild curls, creating a commotion around her shoulders and down her back — just the way she knew Johnson liked it — and her lips were painted red to match her outfit.
Putting a pep in her step, Sarah exited her bedroom and started down the stairs, aiming straight for the basement — Johnson’s ‘den of dealings’. The strong pungency of alcohol and tobacco invaded her nostrils as she descended the stairs, and she noticed stacks of cocaine in the far right end corner of the den. It was still the same amount as last night, which strengthened Sarah’s conclusion the meeting had gone sour. Someone told someone else to fuck off, and no deal was made.
All the better, Sarah thought.
Johnson kept his den in a dim, green glow, and there were always thin swirls of smoke levitating in the air. His custom was to conduct his meetings alone, while his men stood watch outside. Though he had his minions around him, he was a cynic who trusted no one.
Except his wife, Sarah.
It was mandatory all who entered his house to discuss ‘business’ leave their weapons with the securities at the front door. This gave him complete control in the meetings; he could tell whoever to fuck off as much as he wanted, without having a gun pulled on him.
Sarah approached Johnson who was sitting behind his large, black desk, stuffing tobacco in his pipe. Fat-ass fucker swore to shit he was on top of the world.
Johnson James was Sarah’s college sweetheart. He used to be hot — enough to be compared to Trevillo. He used to be captain of the football team, with abs women drooled over and a rich head of midnight-black hair framing his square-jawed face that enhanced the emerald green of his eyes.
But that was ages ago.
Now, those abs were replaced with layers of flab. The incredible jaw line was now saggy double chins. The rich head of hair had dwindled into thinness. And his once captivating green eyes had sunken deep into the chubbiness of his face.
Johnson just didn’t do it for her anymore. Couldn’t send her heart racing anymore. Couldn’t give her an orgasm anymore. Couldn’t make her feel anymore. Sarah simply didn’t love him anymore.
But he never stopped loving her.
As she neared his desk, swaying her hips, Johnson glanced up at her and smiled. Love shining, as usual. The way Johnson looked at her never changed. The same look he’d given her when he first saw her at a pizzeria when she’d just started college. A look more than a look of lust, but a look saying, ‘You are it. I’ve finally found you’. Throughout their life together, it never altered. Not once. The look was constant, and it was how Sarah knew his love for her was a forever love.
Johnson would do anything for her. He said he would kill for her, and he’s kept his word. Twice.
He also said he would die for her …
Sarah rounded the desk and flashed her husband a seductive smile as he set his tobacco pipe aside and leaned back in his big, black leather chair.
“To what do I owe this treat from my tempting wife?” he drawled, licking his lips as he took in her attire. “Always, always the temptress.”
Swiveling his chair to the side, Sarah swung one leg over and straddled him. As Johnson’s smile grew wider, she grabbed his double-chinned face and began kissing him while she rocked against him, then she lowered a hand under his flabby stomach to check if he was hard. Getting her answer, she broke the kiss and pulled off the red, silk scarf she had tied around her thigh.
“And as always, Mrs. James, you take my breath away,” Johnson said in a voice that was supposed to be breathy, but was wheezy instead.
How literal those words would be …
Sarah held up the scarf, sliding it between her fingers to let him know she was going to cut off his sight. His wheezing grew harsh with excitement as he said, “Playin’ naughty tonight, are we, love?”
Fighting the urge to roll her eyes, Sarah licked her tongue across her lips to tease him just before she blindfolded him with the scarf.
Johnson blindly reached up, found her breasts and began fondling them, while Sarah unzipped his pants, freed his cock and started stroking him up and down.
As her hand picked up momentum, Johnson groaned aloud. “Lubricant. Top drawer on tha’ left.”
Using one hand to continue the strokes, Sarah leaned back and used her free hand to open the drawer, taking up the lubricant which was sitting right next to the other thing she wasn’t ready to use yet.
She squeezed some lubricant in her palms and began working him. Johnson’s wheezing got louder. “I want to feel you, love.”
Not a chance.
“After,” she lied and began pumping him faster.
“Let me taste you, then. Please,” he begged.
Taking pity on him, she leaned forward and, sightlessly, he reached one of her breasts and began suckling like a starving newborn.
“Ah, ghaad,” he mumbled around her nipple. “I love you so much, Sarah.”
Working him harder, dragging him to the edge he would never fall over, she brought her lips to his ear. “You mean those words, baby?”
“Sarah … they’re the truest words I’ve ever spoken.”
“How much do you love me, baby?”
“More than … Ah, oh ghaad … more than life itself.”
Sarah’s hand worked even faster, she could tell he was near. “Would you kill for me?”
“In a heartbeat. You know this, Sarah!” He growled. “Oh, don’ stop, don’ stop.”
“Would you die for me?” she asked in a more salacious voice, laced with an evil edge.
“Oh, for fuck’s sakes, Sarah, my life is yours! Always yours. Just yours. I love you. Make me fuckin’ come.”
Johnson’s cock steeled in her hand, and Sarah knew he was seconds away from blowing. So, slowly, she started to lean back as she used one hand to stroke him with tighter, more rigid pumps.
“Your life is mine for me to take, right?”
“Right.” He let out that little whimper he usually does right before he climaxes. “Baby, I’m gonna co — ”
The sentence was left unfinished as Sarah pulled his silencer gun from the top drawer and took what was hers.
One single bullet to the head.
Johnson’s body went still while his cock jerked, his semen spilling over, until it went limp and died with him.
Sarah sat on his lap for a minute, staring at her now dead husband. A silencer being on the gun meant there was no mess. Just a tiny hole at the center of his forehead, a trickle of blood trailing down his face toward his lips. Before the blood could reach his parted lips, she leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss.
Then she sighed.
If only he’d just listened to her and visited the fucking gym at least four times a week, she wouldn’t have fallen in love with another man. Johnson would still be the man she fell in love with and none of this would’ve happened. But he’d grown comfortable, slothful, and ate too damn much.
Too bad.
Sarah got up and got to work. First cleaning up Johnson and tucking his flaccid cock back inside his pants. She strategically placed the gun on the left side of his desk — Johnson was left-handed — and knocked a few things from that side of the desk to the floor, making it look as if there’d been a tussle.
She untied the scarf from Johnson’s face and wrapped it around her right hand to be used to set other things askew. She did not clean her fingerprints from the gun because that would raise suspicions. All the guns in the house were licensed and were her guns, too, so her fingerprints were on all of them. An absence of her fingerprints on the murder weapon was a definite red flag. But everything else she had to be careful with.
With her covered hand, she fetched a penknife, went to the far right end of the basement and began slashing through the stacks of cocaine. Detectives tended to analyze every little detail, and she also knew detectives weren’t stupid; good detectives could tell a staged murder scene the minute they entered the room. That’s if, it wasn’t done properly.
Sarah wasn’t being frantic and stupid, but did it properly by meticulously making sure that no two things would coincide, no heavy furniture was overturned, or no out-of-the-way paraphernalia was inexplicably askew. That would make any attempt at deciphering what went down in the meeting with the Mexicans facile.
The prevalent theory would be there was a disagreement with the Mexicans, Johnson pulled his gun, and, with the Mexicans not having their own weapons to defend themselves, they had to tackle Johnson for his gun to kill him. That was the obvious theory. But then, they’d start wondering how and why the cocaine got slashed, etc. That’s how you fuck with know-it-all detectives; they think they have it all figured out, but then, there’s other things that never adds up.
The Mexicans had left in a fit of pique, which should’ve raised worry among the securities. But even if they did suspect anything had happened, none of Johnson’s men were allowed in the den unless he called for them, which was rare.
Sarah wasn’t worried, though. Johnson James was a down-low drug dealer hiding behind his big name insurance company. The minute cops rolled in on the scene and saw that it was Johnson James, it would hit the news and no one would give a shit he’d been murdered. They would focus on the fact Johnson James was an undercover drug dealer … and a host of other facts most likely to be revealed. Because a drug dealer just scratched the surface.
As far as Sarah was concerned, she was a busy, hard-working interior designer who was oblivious to her husband’s dealings, until his sudden death. They owned licensed guns for security reasons, but never would she have imagined her husband involved in such entanglements.
Nice.
Sarah glanced around the room, and, feeling satisfied with her staging, she went the foot of the stairs, retied her scarf around her thigh, opened her mouth, and screamed.



Chapter 22
K. Kingston
Pansy or Alpha?
Marsha and I gathered our shopping bags on our arms and hobbled up the driveway.
“Now how the hell am I gonna reach the keys in my purse,” I giggled, realizing I should’ve taken out the house keys before I bundled up the shopping bags.
Marsha laughed and nodded toward Jahleel’s motorbike parked on the lawn. “Mr. Fantastic Fuck is home, so the door might be open.”
I made a face at her. Those were most definitely not the kind of words I needed to hear, because, as she said them, the images of her getting nailed by Jahleel on his couch came rushing in. “Keep those thoughts of JK to yourself, will you?”
She just rolled her eyes at me and continued walking.
On this day, I turn twenty-six. And the one person who I would’ve loved to spend this special day with has been out of the country for the past week or so, unable to give me a sure date when he’d be back. So I decided to spend it shopping like the ‘holic’ I was with my best friend. Marsha never disappointed.
Dating a busy billionaire, whose presence was being demanded at a dozen places per hour, sucked in a major way.
Jahleel woke me up this morning by jumping up and down on my bed singing the happy birthday song and gave me a stunning pair of gold earrings. The gift wasn’t extraordinary, because he randomly bought me gifts at times for no reason whatsoever, so I figured he’d just decided to go simple this time.
The Kingstons sent me gift cards for various fashion stores, and their ‘gift cards’ were like credit cards with a limit Marsha and I had yet to reach. We went all-out crazy, getting things we didn’t even need. Because, what better way to make Krissan Kingston smile than getting her new stuff?
Like Marsha had guessed, the front door was open when she awkwardly turned the knob with her two free fingers. We both tried getting through the door first to relieve ourselves of the bags and ended up tripping over each other, tumbling head first to the floor. We burst into fits of laughter, until Marsha stopped laughing and started scowling.
I followed her glare which was directed to the right of the front door, where Saskia Day was pinned to the wall by Jahleel’s hips. Her breathing was flowing heavy through parted lips, while Jahleel had one hand pressed against the wall and the other gripping her waist. But he was looking down at me as if he’d been caught stealing an angel’s harp, while Saskia’s desire-filled gaze was trained on his face as though, to her, we weren’t there.
I started giggling harder, even though I felt like stabbing someone. “Oh my God, JK, I’m so sorry! I really ought to start using my own entrance.”
The situation didn’t seem amusing to him though, because he didn’t laugh back. Instead, he dropped his hand from Saskia’s waist, shoved his other hand through his hair and closed his eyes for a brief moment. When he reopened them, he looked dead at me and said, “I’m sorry.”
You better be, I told him with my eyes, but kept on a confused expression for the girls. Because, well, why would he be telling me sorry? I was the intruder. He should’ve been apologizing to Marsha or Saskia.
Jahleel walked off without sparing Saskia a second glance as if he hadn’t had her pinned against the wall in what seemed like a moment of heated passion only seconds ago.
“What an asshole,” Marsha muttered, as she tried to scramble up to her feet, but kept tripping back over my legs and the bags in the process.
This had me laughing hysterically. “For the love of God, Marsh!”
Saskia shuffled, and I slid my gaze back to her and stopped cackling, not wanting her to think I was laughing at her. She had a look of dejection, her cheeks reddened with embarrassment, or maybe it was vestigial of being seduced by Mr. Grade-A Asshole.
Before I could be polite and tell her ‘Hi’ — because she’d been extremely nice to me the first time I met her — she asked me in her thick British accent, “May I use your loo?”
Judging by the way she stressed ‘your’, I could tell she was suffering immense hurt from Jahleel’s callous treatment.
“Sure,” I answered, aiming for cheeriness. “Upstairs, turn left.”
Don’t fall and break your neck now!
She failed at her attempt to smile, so she just nodded and walked down the hall in skin-tight jeans, a Louis Vuitton purse-belt around her waist, an über cut-up black tee, and black Jordans, her hair a mass of wild curls. At the foot of the staircase, she stopped, turned around and, succeeding at a smile this time, said, “Oh, happy birthday. Hope it’s been good so far for ya’.”
“Thank you.” I smiled back, wondering why the hell Jahleel felt he needed to tell her that. “It has been.”
That was a lie, of course.
Saskia turn and continued up the stairs.
Once she was out of earshot, Marsha whispered with bulging eyes, “Okay, so, I was trying my damnedest not to look starstruck — you know me and that pride shit — but, holy shitballs, isn’t that Saskia Day?!”
Laughing at her shock, I started to get up off the floor from among the heap of shopping bags around me. “Yep.”
Marsha shook her head and blew a breath as though she couldn’t believe she’d just been in the presence of one of the most famous pop/rock artists out there right now. Then she picked up a bag and whacked me with it, Marsha style. “And you failed to tell me your whore of a brother is screwing her?”
“I had no idea, I swear, Marsh,” I returned, as I began picking up the bags from the floor. “First time I met her was a few weeks ago. She hired JK. And while it was obvious she’d been caught under the spell of his unholy good looks just like every other dumb bimbo who sees him, he wasn’t so warm to her. He was kind of a dick, actually.”
Marsha shrugged as she bundled all her bags and started towards the living room. “Maybe she’d already fucked him.”
“Nope. I asked her and she’d said she hadn’t,” I relayed, strolling behind her. “Because she wanted to know the reason behind his asshole-ism.”
Marsha dropped the shopping bags on the couch — Jahleel had bought a new couch like I suggested, by the way — then swirled to face me. “She told you something that personal? This infamous celebrity you met for the first time?”
I deposited my own armful of bags on the couch. “Yep. She was pretty cool. She didn’t have that bitchy rock-star attitude you’d expect. I was actually rooting for them to be together,” I lied through my damn teeth. “But JK acted as if he wasn’t interested in the least. So, believe me, I’m just as shocked as you are to see her here.”
“Yeah, bitch,” she shot in an acerbic tone. “Root for her.”
“Sorry, Marsh,” I said on a one-shoulder shrug. “But if you wanna keep opening your legs for JK when you know damn well he doesn’t give a shit about more than sex with you, then that’s your problem.”
“Fuck you!” she spat.
I took it with another one-shoulder shrug.
Sighing, she flopped down on the couch among the shopping bags. “I know you’re right. But the problem is not me or any of the women he sleeps with, Krissy K.” She turned her glassy gaze to me and flat-out told me, “The problem is you.”
Unsure of what to make of that, even though I knew what she meant, I questioned, “What’re you talking about?”
Marsha made a frustrated noise. “It’s freakin’ obvious to everyone but you. Can’t you just take one unselfish second to open your goddamn eyes and see that JK’s — ”
“Shh,” I shushed. “You hear that?”
A loud blaring of Rihanna’s Diamonds sounded right outside the house. In the same minute, my cellphone vibrated inside my pocket. I pulled it out and saw a text message from him:

Outside.

Without so much as blinking, I rushed out of the living room and straight through the front door, skidding to a stop. Trevillo Nelson was standing next to my dream car: an Audi TT RS. In the exact color I always dreamed it would be: cherry red. Bright and shiny and brand new with a huge white ribbon slapped on the hood, right there in my driveway. Both of the doors were opened, spilling that diamond song.
Trevillo had his hands stuffed in his front pockets, watching me with uncertainty as if trying to gauge my reaction. Today he was Playboy Trev, in light jeans, sky-blue polo T-shirt, white chucks, and a white ball-cap on his head. Yep, he was looking more appealing than the sleek new car next to him.
“Damnnnn,” I heard Marsha mutter from behind me. “Bitch, you need to tell me your secrets.”
Ignoring Marsha, I continued down the steps and started walking around the sexiness that was Audi TT RS. I convinced myself long ago that when the manufacturers designed this car, they were thinking of me. I’ve never loved a car more. And here it was, delivered to me. Only, I couldn’t accept it.
“How did you know?” I distractedly asked as I trailed a finger around the shape of one of the headlights.
Trevillo half-snorted, half-chuckled. “You serious?”
To give him my full attention, I stopped admiring the car and went up to him. “How?”
“Uh,” he started off in a tone that heralded sarcasm. “Aside from it being the wallpaper for your laptop, both your cellphones, your iPad, and your iPod, I kind of just took a wild guess.”
Embarrassed, I slapped both palms over my face and groaned. “Oh, God. I didn’t realize I was that obvious.”
“Well, babe, it’s no longer a dream car. Now it’s real.” Grabbing my wrists, he yanked me up to him. “Happy Birthday, Miss Kingston.”
He lowered his head and kissed me, and I allowed him to, before I broke it to him, “I can’t accept it.”
Trevillo jerked his head back to look at me. “It’s your birthday.”
“I know, and I love the car. But I thought we agreed — ”
“It’s your birthday,” he repeated, as he let go of me and stepped back, his eyes getting hard and serious.
“Trev, I told you I didn’t want you to — ”
“It’s your fucking birthday!” he barked at me, making me jump.
Why was he getting so inflamed?
Then I felt a grip on my right arm, and I was being yanked backwards as Jahleel moved in front of me, glowering at Trevillo. “Listen up, assfuck, you don’t get to talk to her that way. She can’t be fuckin’ bought.”
Cool as a cucumber, Trevillo closed the car door behind him and leaned back against it with his arms crossed over his chest. Tilting his head, he looked at me around Jahleel, gaze unwavering, non-blinking, and just said, “Krissy?”
That’s it? That’s all he was going to say?
But then I realized what he wanted was for me to make it clear I was his. He said he wanted me to be ‘Trev’s’, and I agreed to that. He proved as much when he attacked Mark and Carlos two weeks ago. Now his silence was telling me he respected my brother enough to not pick a fight with him, so the matter was left to me. He hadn’t spared a single glance at Jahleel as his gaze remained on me, and I knew he wouldn’t reply a single word to Jahleel either, no matter what vitriolic words he spewed. Because I needed to choose.
Without breaking Trevillo’s gaze, I told Jahleel, “Breathe easy, JK.”
Jahleel turned to look at me, and then back at Trevillo, a tic jumping his jaw. Leaning in to me, he gritted out, “Hope you know what you’re doin’, bad girl.”
He strode off to his motorbike, jerked on his helmet, and roared off down the street.
Stuffing my hands in the back pockets of my jeans, I turned to Trevillo. “Listen, Trev — ”
“No, Krissan, you listen,” he ground out in a voice that told me his patience was now a thing of the past. “I’m not a pussy. But I’ve been an all-out fucking pussy since I met you. I’ve change a lot in the manner in which I do things just to appease you. I’ve never had a woman tell me what I can or cannot do before. It’s usually the other way around. I can’t buy you whatever the fuck I want because you don’t want to be ‘lavished’, you don’t want me to take you to functions, you don’t want to move in with me, and you want to keep us a fucking secret … ”
He trailed off on an angry blow of breath and shoved a furious hand through his hair. “I’m not cut out for this restrictions bullshit, Krissy — not unless it’s in the bedroom. I can tolerate only so much and no more. So, if you don’t want me to go all fucked-up, non-verbal, alpha male on your ass, then you’ll accept this fucking car. It’s your birthday: that’s a valid reason to fucking lavish you. I’m tired of this shit.”
“I’ll take you either way!” I heard Marsha call from the doorway. “Pussy or Alpha. Either way, you’re yummeeeee!”
Irritated, I turned to see her standing in the doorway with her hands planted on her hips, grinning wide.
Just then, Saskia brushed past her. She stopped on the steps and looked over to the empty spot where Jahleel’s motorbike would be. She sighed and unzipped her purse-belt, took out a cigarette and lit up, just as a black limo pulled up on the curb. The driver came out and opened the back door, waiting.
Saskia looked over to the empty spot again, narrowed her eyes, took a long drag of her cigarette, and strode straight to the limo without uttering a word to anyone. I’d almost forgotten she was there. Jahleel was a major, major dick for just leaving her there like that.
“What’s it gonna be, Krissan?” Trevillo impatiently asked, yanking my attention back to him.
He didn’t seem to care a celebrity had just wandered out of my house and straight into a limousine as if it were a usual occurrence.
Tilting my head back, I looked up at him, thinking this Trevillo was more than enough for me. More than I could handle. “If this is your ‘pussy’, I don’t think I wanna know what your ‘alpha’ is like. So I guess I’ll accept the car.”
“Good,” he said, mollified and dragged me back up against him. “Now I get to take you home for the other birthday gift. The one that includes tongues and lips and hands and teeth and fingernails and lots of trembling and begging … ”
“Do I get to cuff you again?” I whispered, becoming breathless at the prospect. “Maybe to the bed this time?”
A hint of a smile danced across his lips. “Whatever you want, babe. Cuff me, whip me, lick me, cut me … ” He brushed his thumb across my cheek. “Pussy, remember?”



Unrequited Love

If only you had not looked upon me,
I would’ve not been beguiled.

If only you had not spoken to me,
I would’ve not been seduced.

If only you had not touched me,
I would’ve not been claimed.

If only you had not breathed upon me,
I would’ve not been owned.

My love,
Why did you
Look?
Speak?
Touch?
Breathe?

Why, my love,
Did you make me … ?
Make me fall in love
with you?

I see your eyes,
They hold no lies,
They hold no truth,
But instead the whys.

Command your lips
To speak
The lies,
The truths,
The whys.

Command your lips,
To tell …
Do you?
Do you love me as I
Do you?



Chapter 23
T. Nelson
Screwed
Three weeks later …

“Okay … okay. I promise; I’ll be on the next flight out … Yeah.”
Trevillo slammed down the phone with more force than needed to end the call. Rubbing his forehead, he thought, one day to rest.
That’s all he needed, and even that seemed improbable. As soon as he cleared up one problem, another one arose, demanding his presence. Sometimes, like now, he resented being successful. But then again, it was sheer greediness, because he felt the need to get involved in every kind of business there was to spread his wings all over the goddamn world.
Now, despite the plans he had for the day, the urgent need for his presence was requested in the British Virgin Islands. There was a small slice of land there which he’d been in a squabble over for past thirty months.
With him being from the states, shit was challenging. The Queen preferred offing the island to a Brit citizen, and even though Trevillo was offering a tenth more than the others were offering, he was still getting a hard fight. Because, what he’d learned throughout this process was Brits weren’t about money, they were about roots. They were distinguished, and he respected that, but come hell or high water, he was going to get that island, even if it meant moving to the UK and switching from drinking large consumptions of coffee to sipping tea from tiny cups and nibbling teacakes from saucers. Anything to convince them he was deserving.
That island was worth it. It was the perfect slice of heaven he could transform into the resort of all resorts, smacked right in the middle of the ocean.
For that reason, this was an as-soon-as-possible take off, which meant he’d be canceling yet another night of plans with Krissan.
He knew she’d understand, though. She always did. Krissan wasn’t whiny, needy, or nagging, and handled situations with a heck of a lot more maturity than he expected. She understood the shit out of everything so much more than shit could even be understood, that Trevillo sometimes wished she would nag and complain. Wasn’t that of women’s nature?
He figured she just didn’t want the limited times they got together to be wasted on arguments. And he agreed. Because, on the real, she couldn’t possibly be all tranquil about the fact he left the state or country at least twice a week.
The beeping on his receiver hauled him from his thoughts, and he pressed the answer button. “What now, Milo?”
“Miss Sarah James is here to see you, sir.”
Right, because that’s just what he needed at the moment, wasn’t it?
Trevillo decided maybe it was time he started following his brother’s advice by being sure to send a prayer up to heaven before he left his house in the mornings. Maybe it would make getting through his insufferable 24 hours a lot easier.
It was Monday. One of his in-office days. So, of course, Sarah would pop up without appointment. The initial thought was to deny her visit, but with the knowledge of her recent tragedy, he was feeling somewhat sympathetic towards her. Trevillo tried reaching out to her a couple of times during the week-long media blast of Johnson James’ underworld discoveries, but he could never get hold of her, so he figured maybe she needed time to mourn.
Now it was six weeks later, and he was hoping she was over her husband’s death and wouldn’t crumble into a blubbering mess in his office, because he was inept when it came to bawling women.
“Send her in,” he said, and before he could even press the button on the receiver, Sarah was in his office, looking nothing like the mourning widow he expected.
In heels made for the nighttime, she wore a black skirt short enough to tempt men around the building to risk being sued for sexual harassment, and a red blouse with the three top buttons undone, exposing her spilling cleavage, while her long, dark hair flowed down her back and whispered around her hips.
Trevillo knew Sarah well enough to know she was dressed for seduction, and he suspected the person who was going to be seduced was him. Sucking in his cheeks, he cursed himself for his idiocy of feeling sympathetic towards her in the first place. He should’ve known this bitch never gave a shit about her husband. Dead or alive.
Eyeing her warily, he got up from behind his desk and rounded it to perch on the front, crossing his legs at the ankles. Disguising his features in a sympathetic expression, he started, “Sarah. It’s nice to see you’re holding up well. I’ve tried reaching out — ”
Trevillo forgot whatever bullshit he was about to spew when Sarah dipped inside her cleavage, took out a pocketknife, and flicked it open in one smooth go. The sweet sound of the knife flicking open lingered in the air.
Like he said, the woman was there to seduce.
Walking up to him without a word — Sarah wasn’t a talker during her seduction sessions, she just did what she knew would make a man give in — she pressed the blade of the knife against his lips, and Trevillo tried to send a message to his cock that this wasn’t the woman it should be muscling up for, but his cock wouldn’t listen. Instead, it hardened against Sarah’s touch the second she rubbed her palm over it.
He tried to remain stoic, knowing it would be wrong to Krissan if he gave in to this sex fiend. However, his lungs, too, were betraying him, as his breathing grew ragged when Sarah carefully trailed the blade of the knife down his lips, down his chin, down his neck, where she paused, then looked up at him and flashed an ‘I got you’ smile.
His cock got even harder.
Shit.
This was bad.
Really bad.
He knew it was bad. Yet he couldn’t control his reactions.
In all seriousness, though, this was Sarah James here. The female version of himself. The seductress of all seductresses. The face you’d see next to the word ‘nymphomaniac’ in the dictionary. Resisting her wasn’t the easiest thing in the world to do, for any man; even he had to admit that. Especially when she knew every little dangerous thing he liked. Things he was trying not to like because it was insalubrious. Proclivities he’d successfully locked away since Krissan.
Until Sarah James showed her goddamned face.
Moving the knife from his neck, Sarah made one swift swipe and slashed his shirt open, buttons flying everywhere. Trevillo took a deep breath and glanced down to see if she’d cut him, and sighed in relief when he saw there wasn’t a single scratch.
She was good.
She was also fucking crazy.
“Sarah,” he tried to resist, “I can’t — ahhh … ”
He groaned when she leaned in and bit hard on one nipple while she used the pointed tip of the knife to gently press into the other one. Her tongue swirled around one while the blade pushed into the other as deep as possible without drawing blood.
He wouldn’t lie and say it didn’t feel amazing.
But it also felt wrong.
Krissan, he thought ruefully.
That lent him enough strength to push her away, and she stumbled back a bit. “Stop fucking touching me, Sarah.”
But in a flash, she rushed back up to him, grabbed his face, and kissed him. He didn’t kiss her back. Her lips weren’t soft or plump or red.
They weren’t Krissan’s.
Though his restraint was tenuous, he pushed her off again. “I said stop!”
“Don’t deny me, Trev, or I’ll slit your fucking face open. I swear it.”
Her threat was made in such a sultry voice, Trevillo wondered if she was serious or not.
Sarah then laughed bitterly, shaking her head. “But then again, you’d just love that, wouldn’t you? You like it dangerous. I could twist this knife in your heart and you’d have an orgasm from dying.” Licking her lips, she moved in closer to whisper, “You twisted fuck.”
She pulled open her blouse and unsnapped the front of her bra so that her savory pink-nipple tits were right there in front him, and Trevillo thought this must be some sort of punishment or something. How was a man supposed to climb his way out of a temptation such as this?
If there was ever an enticement to be deemed as the hardest to resist, it would be an unwilling man being seduced by a bodacious, almost physically perfect woman.
“Touch me, Trev,” she begged.
But he didn’t, because he was only one woman’s fool: Krissan’s.
When she realized he wasn’t going to touch her, and he was keeping his eyes trained on her face instead of her tits, a shade of sadness passed over her face.
“Does she know, Trev? That you like it dangerous?” she asked as she started to sink down to her knees. “I bet not. She’d run.”
He guessed she was referring to Krissan, but he didn’t respond, because he wouldn’t want to utter the wrong words. The bitch had a knife in her hand. And for all he knew, she was some bitter widow wanting blood for her husband’s that was shed.
One could never tell with Sarah James.
True, it was because he had liked it dangerous that he’d ended up screwing her longer than the others. She was good at danger — she was good at every damn thing, to be honest.
Now, the danger felt wrong, bad, unhealthy, and he found he didn’t crave it anymore because …
He’d been fucked by an angel.
Sarah feverishly unzipped him, and before he could stop her, his cock was in her mouth. Trevillo’s hips jolted forward, and his head fell back when she sucked him with that deep suction only Sarah had. He’d never met another woman who sucked his dick as if she was trying to separate it from his body. Only Sarah James could do that.
Now that his cock was in her mouth, he knew he was screwed.
Big time.
Sarah dropped the knife and grabbed his thighs with her fingernails as she sucked him hard and fast and greedily. “Does she suck you like this, Trev?”
Trevillo tried not to make a sound as the vibration of her voice traveled through his cock and up his abdomen.
“Can she suck you like this, Trev?”
“Sarah,” he moaned as he gripped the edge of his desk. “You’re insane.”
“That’s because I love you.”
Trevillo’s eyes snapped open. “What the fuck?”
She smiled around his dick. “Yes, baby. You heard right. I love you.”
Before he could speak another syllable, she did that suction thing again, and he felt his orgasm travel up his legs, up his back, and … shit, he was a second away. His fingers twisted in Sarah’s hair as he prepared for the explosion. But Sarah suddenly stopped and shot up to her feet, wrapping her long-nailed fingers around his throat. “You don’t get to hold onto me, Trev. You stand and take it like a man. Got that?”
Trevillo was on the very edge, and if she squeezed her fingers any tighter around his throat, he was going to come. He didn’t want to play this rules and punishment game with her.
So he aggressively reached up, grabbed a fistful of her hair and yanked her head back. Hard. “Shut the fuck up,” he hissed, pulling even harder on her hair. “Down.”
Loving that, as he knew she would, she grinned as she released her grip on his throat and started lowering back down to her knees. “Yes, sir.”
In less than a minute, his fingers were curling into her hair again, as the woman who gave the best blow-jobs on the planet sucked him into incoherency. She suctioned him deep into her mouth again, and Trevillo’s body stiffened. This was it …
In that moment, his office door opened, and standing in its frame was Krissan, eyes wide, mouth agape.
One would think by the sight of her there, his orgasm would’ve turned the fuck back. But no, that flow of unwanted pleasure came anyway and shot straight down Sarah’s throat, while the love of his life watched.
The love of his life?, he thought in shock at the realization of what Krissan meant to him.
She was the love of his life?
Yes, his thoughts continued, Krissan Kingston was the love of his life.
This realization came to him even as his cock was in another woman’s mouth, and his body was spastic with an orgasm that wouldn’t fucking end. The shit just kept rolling on and on and fucking on. MotherFuck! This has got be some sort of retribution. Might have been the longest orgasm he’d ever had. Or maybe it was the severity of the situation he didn’t want to face, but there he was.
“Oh God, I’m so, so sorry, Mr. Nelson,” Krissan mumbled, then quickly backed out of his office and closed the door behind her.
Mr. Nelson?
He was screwed.
Sarah didn’t seem to care she’d been caught guzzling down his sperm. She was still there on her knees, licking him clean, then tucking him back inside his pants. While he stood there immobile, unable to process what just happened. He almost felt like howling.
Trevillo turned his eyes to Sarah, too numb to feel if they were showing anger or calmness. Slowly and quietly, he told her, “Leave … my office. Leave … my building. Leave … my. fucking. life.”
“You’re firing me?” she asked in an incredulous tone.
“Yes,” he distractedly answered, remembering the heartbreaking expression he’d seen on Krissan’s face.
It hurt him so much that he hurt her.
“Because of her?!” she yelled, pointing at the door where his angel’s feather had stood mere minutes ago.
“Yes.”
Really, he wanted this woman to leave before he did something he’d later regret. Like strangle her to fucking death for what just happened.
He wondered for a brief moment how she knew it was Krissan who’d caught them even though her back was turned to the door, but he was too numb to question it.
“You love her.” This wasn’t a question.
At that juncture, he didn’t give a shit how she took his answer. “Yes.”
Sarah pursed her lips and nodded. Then, with calm, steady movements, she redid her bra, redid her blouse, and wiped her lips with the back of her hand.
Finding his dead, empty gaze, she held it. “You fucked up my heart, Trev. Best believe I’m gonna return the favor and fuck your heart up, too.” She took a step up to him and all but breathed, “Wait for it.” Then she turned on her heels and walked out the door.
Trevillo was used to pissed-off women threatening him, so he ignored Sarah’s words and breathed a relieved sigh that she was gone.
A sudden headache attacked him, and he dropped his head in his hands at his major fuck-up. In the same minute he discovered the love of his life, he also lost the love of his life.
He’d always known he was hopeless.
Fucking hopeless.



Chapter 24
K. Kingston
Shattered
With firm, unhurried steps, chin lifted, shoulders squared, I walked out of TDR, got into my car, and drove back to Skylark.
Work.
That’s where I was when I was interrupted earlier by a phone call from Milo, telling me Trevillo requested I meet with him in his office urgently.
Even though I thought it odd Trevillo would have Milo phone me instead of phoning me himself, I just focused on the word ‘urgently’, left Skylark at once, and headed straight to TDR. Because, at the end of the day, even with all the earth-shattering orgasms and lavish gifts and sweet words, Trevillo Nelson was still my boss.
Worried he was probably having issues with my work — even though I knew I was unerringly kicking the ass out of this project — I’d gotten there in a jiffy.
Milo had instructed me to go right in because Trevillo was expecting me, and what I saw upon opening his office door sent my heart shattering into a million pieces.
Trev … Sarah James … his dick … his orgasm … the unapologetic look of pleasure on his face … oh Jesus, I couldn’t even fathom …
But I took it like a big girl, pushed my long expected heartbreak aside, and treated the billionaire with the respect he deserved.
Because, at the end of the day, Trevillo Nelson was still my boss.
Milo refused to meet my glare as I backed out of the office, which told me I was set up for that walk-in. I didn’t sweat it, however. I just took it all in stride and left to resume work.
Work I had to get done.
Work I was getting paid a shit load of money to do.
Work I couldn’t — wouldn’t let my emotions affect.
Because, at the end of the day, Trevillo Nelson was still my boss.
For every splintering pain I felt as I tried to focus on work for the rest of the day, I pinched myself. I had no right to feel pain, remorse or heartbreak, because I’d known what I was getting myself into when I decided to make Trevillo an Again.
And then decided to become an apostrophe S.
A girlfriend.
I knew he was a man who could get whoever he wanted, whenever and wherever he wanted, and it was my own imbecility for believing he could remain faithful to me which rendered me heartbroken. He didn’t hurt me; I hurt myself.
I had no right to think I was unique. As if I was better than his other fucks. I was just one more in the line of his female employees he was screwing, and was probably the only one stupid enough to fall for him. I had no right to believe in all the times we’re apart, he was actually ‘traveling for work’.
Laughing to myself, I thought, who the hell was I, anyway? To think I could get that hot, sexy, every-woman’s-fantasy billionaire to fall for me and stay fallen? To think an oversexed fuck-demon like Trevillo Nelson could be satisfied with just me? I was just a shallow five feet one adopted bitch who couldn’t even turn her face to the heavens and thank God for waking her out of bed in the mornings, even though she was raised by two people who owned one of the biggest ministries in the world.
Who the hell did I think I was?
If my own parents didn’t want me, why would anyone else?
Me: a girl who saw sense only in music. A girl whose heart sang when her eyes cried. A girl who thought life and people were fucking overrated. A girl who just wanted to feel when someone told her, ‘I want you’, ‘I need you’, ‘I love you’.
Many have said it, but I’d never felt it. And I wanted so much to feel it, so that I would know the words could be true. To believe humans aren’t just a clump of lying, untrustworthy assholes who go around saying shit just for the heck of it.
All I wanted to do was feel.
That’s all.
To feel.
I’d been numb for my entire life, and so I tried to find a personality that would work for my world. A vain, materialistic personality. But that didn’t work. Such had only served to teach me that the vanity of this world is the anchor we ignorant humans tie around our ankles and sink our own lives.
Until, I finally started to feel. To fall. To love. To want. To need. To crave. To come alive. To feel free.
Finally.
I was finally getting there. And I was so close. So, so close.
But life is a fucking tease. Always getting your hopes up, dragging you so close to the gold, and just when you think you’ve gotten there, the rug gets pulled right out from under you, twisting hope to despair. Taking it all back. Everything. Because it all was illusion. All fake. All a lie. A tease.
Now I was feeling, yes. But it wasn’t the feeling I wanted. I didn’t ask for pain. I wanted the feel-good emotions. Not the fucked-up ones with my heart imploding every two seconds.
In the end, I landed back on my original view: Life and people and love and all that bullshit is over-fucking-rated.
To hell with feeling. I was going back to being numb. I preferred numbness to pain.
It worked. I was able to continue my job, finding the installation of the black marble countertops more fascinating than usual.
At around 5:30pm, I called it a day, hopped in my car, took out my cellphone and dialed.
“Hey, KK.”
“You in the studio today?”
Carlos made a knowing hum. “I know that tone. Wanna let it out, huh?”
“Yeah. I’m on my way,” I replied as I steered the vehicle out of Skylark’s complex. “I wanna sing. I wanna sing until I blow my lungs. Until I fall dumb.”
Carlos chuckled. “You’re getting all lyrical on me, KK.”
For effect, I added, “Until I grow numb … ”

By the time Wednesday rolled around, and I didn’t receive so much as a text message from Trevillo attempting to plead his case, I came to the conclusion he was the one who orchestrated the walk-in. Maybe he wanted to get rid of me and didn’t know how.
Really, that was the only postulation I could draft up for what happened on Monday, because Trevillo hadn’t made an effort to reach out to me at all. No visits, no phone calls, no emails, no text messages, nothing.
It’s not even like I would’ve gone all jealous-girlfriend loony on him or anything. Had he came forward to apologize for what I’d walked in on, I would’ve handled it just as I handled most things in life: like an adult.
Unless provoked, I rarely got angry. Rarely shouted. Rarely got embroiled in arguments. Because I excelled at walling and masking things off. I smiled when I wanted to scream. Laughed when I wanted to kill. A few times Trevillo had pushed me to the limit of shouting at him, but like I said, those times for me were rare.
I was more on the understanding side, brushed off a lot of things, because I didn’t take life as serious as most people did.
So, maybe, if Trevillo had at least tried reaching out to me, I could’ve harbored some belief he did, or had, cared about me. Cared he’d possibly broken me. Maybe, I would’ve shrugged and continued sleeping with him for fun, because sex with him was incontestably the best I ever had. There was no point in expecting anything more meaningful than sex from a man like him. It’s not like I was the one who asked for a relationship; he was the one who begged for it.
Yet, he did nothing to explain his weak actions.
Now all I wanted to do was hate him. He was wicked. He was cruel. He was heartless. He was what I’d seen that first day in his office: the man who resembled danger. He’d warned me, too. He’d told me if he touched me with his destructible hands, he’d ruin me.
How true those words had been. Because now I wasn’t just ruined.
I was shattered.

Friday night caught me sprawled on my sofa watching Joan Rivers dish it out on Fashion Police. Hearing Jahleel’s Timberland boots climb up the stairs, I turned my head in that direction and waited.
When he rounded the corner, he wasn’t wearing his signature crooked smile, but a full-on grin. A blissful grin. One of those grins he kept for rare occasions.
“Guess what?” he dragged, raking his teeth over his lower lip.
“What?”
He jogged to the sofa and dove down on top of me, knocking the air from my lungs. “You’re gonna be so proud, bad girl.”
Getting excited, I started grinning, too. “Tell me!”
“Andrew Lucas’ contract to judge on Dancin’ 2da’ Beat isn’t being renewed for the comin’ season. Annnnnnd … guess who they’ve asked to take his place?”
“Holy shit!” I exclaimed. “JK, that’s freakin’ awesome! You’re going to be like, like … a superstar.”
Jahleel threw his head back and laughed at me. “Just gonna be a judge on the show. Whichever of the contestants win the competition, they’re gonna be the superstar. Not me, crazy.”
“Shit, that’s like the biggest dance show ever. Tops all. And they chose you … how did that even … damn.”
“Hard work, bad girl,” he said, pushing off me and getting to his feet. He dragged me up by the arms. “Let’s go out. Celebrate.”
I started to find an excuse, but he shook his head at me. “Really gonna blow me off again?” His gaze narrowed. “You know, since you started datin’ that egotistical fucknut, we don’t do shit together anymore. Hardly even see you, ‘cause when you’re not overworking, you’re at his place.”
“Because that’s what people do when they’re in a relationship, JK,” I retorted. “They spend time together.”
“And to hell with everyone else in their life, right?”
The hard edge in his voice harbingered anger, and I didn’t want to throw him into a pissy mood after the awesome news he’d just delivered with such a rare, wide grin. Jahleel was forever there for me when I needed him, so I needed to do the same for him instead of staying home on the sofa wallowing in pathetic thoughts of a man who didn’t give a shit about me.
“Breathe easy, JK,” I whispered. Wrapping my arms around his middle, I pressed my cheek flat against his chest and hugged him hard, breathing in his familiar scent of Clive Christian cologne and bike exhaust. “Clubbing it is.”
His edge dissipated as he hugged me back and nuzzled my hair. “Thanks.”
After a minute of just hugging each other (Oh, how much I needed that hug), he added, “You can invite Marsha if you want.”
I laughed in his chest and muffled out, “Well, that’s a surprise.”
“Yeah. Her loco ass will stave off the ladies. You’re stayin’ by my side, no corner chats with any douchebags.”
I leaned back so I could stare up at him. “Aren’t I always by your side, JK?”
A reminiscing gleam flashed in his eyes, and I didn’t have to be a physic to know what he was remembering at that juncture. I pressed my cheek to his chest again and listened to the beat of his heart. “I’ll forever be your bad girl.”



Chapter 25
J. Kingston
Bad Girl
He heard his parents’ footsteps coming down the hall long before they knocked on his bedroom door. Faster than a Michael Jackson leg split, he closed the browser of the Usher music video he’d been watching, shut down his laptop, and shoved it under his pillows just before his parents entered his bedroom.
Mom smiled at him, with Dad’s arm wrapped around her shoulders, watching him with calculating eyes. “Hi, son. You missed us?”
Trying to hide the guilt of doing something he knew he shouldn’t have been doing, he jumped off the bed and ran to hug both of them around the waist. “Yes, I did.”
But that was a lie. He loved when his parents weren’t home, because those were the times he got to watch music videos and practice dance moves. Mom and Dad had been gone for a week. They left to finalize some sort of adoption process, or whatnot, and said they were bringing home his new brother and sister who they’d been going on about for the past year.
He wasn’t excited about that either, because he didn’t want to share his Mom and Dad with other kids whose parents didn’t love them like his Mom and Dad loved him. He hated sharing. They should get their own parents to take care of them and leave his alone.
But he didn’t let Mom and Dad know his true thoughts on that, because he knew what punishment that would get him: They would extend those morning and evening devotions to longer hours until he understood ‘his God-given purpose’ — whatever that meant — and he would rather share his parents instead of having those boring Bible sessions extended. So he kept his mouth shut.
Mom and Dad believed in a man he couldn’t see. They explained he created the world and everything in it. When he’d asked them how they could believe in someone or something they couldn’t see, they’d said, “Because you can’t see germs, it doesn’t mean they are not there. God is too pure and strong a force for any impure human to look upon him and still live. Don’t believe in God by sight, Jahleel. Believe by faith, feel his love for you and listen to his voice. Just like you can’t see or hold the wind, but you can feel and hear it. That’s what God is like.”
Jahleel was still trying to feel and hear this God they blabbed about all the time, and this ‘faith’ thing. He had a feeling he would go through the rest of his life not knowing what they know, feeling what they feel, or hearing what they hear. Maybe their God didn’t want him. Their God knew he did bad things, so this unseen God wouldn’t speak to him or allow him to feel him. Because he was a bad boy.
A very bad boy.
And he had a strong feeling God didn’t like bad boys.
“Are you ready to meet your new brother and sister, son?”
No! I want them to go back to wherever they came from. “Yes, Dad. I’m excited.”
Mom held out her hand. “Come on, then.”
He placed his hand in hers and let her lead him downstairs with Dad walking behind them. Their house was very big, so it took them awhile before they reached the living room where their housemaid, Marcia, was standing patiently behind their big ivory sofa a young boy and girl were sitting on, having milk and cookies. Mom and Dad led him to sit on the sofa opposite from them.
“Jahleel,” his mother started in her soft voice, “this is Trey, your new brother. He’s seven. Only one year younger than you. Say hi.”
Jahleel didn’t want to say hi to Trey. This Trey kid was scrawny with hair longer than his, and he was chomping down the cookies as if he’d never eaten cookies before and … and … he needed to get his own parents!
But Jahleel respected his Mom and Dad and would never want to do anything to hurt them. So, smiling politely, he told Trey, “Welcome to our family, Trey. It’s great to finally have a brother. I can imagine us doing lots of fun stuff together.” He should have ended there, but the bad boy in him wouldn’t allow him to. “You seem to like cookies, though. A lot. You’re not leaving any for your sister?”
Dad cleared his throat in that silent-reprimand manner he used, while Trey grinned back at him with his teeth covered in chewed-up cookies and milk rimming his lips. Too caught up in devouring all the cookies to spare a word, Trey just nodded enthusiastically.
Jahleel wrestled down a sneer and shifted his attention to the tiny girl sitting next to his new ‘brother’, and he felt a weird curling in his chest. The tiny girl had really long, blonde hair caught in pigtails and her face … he couldn’t see, because her head was turned up to the ceiling, twisting from side to side as she studied the paintings there. The glass of milk and the cookie she held in her hands were forgotten.
“And this,” he heard his mother say from beside him, “is your new sister, Krissan. She is six.”
The tiny girl didn’t seem to hear her name, because her eyes were still trained on the painted ceiling: murals of Mary and Baby Jesus, Jesus on the Cross, David and Goliath and all the other Bible stuff his parents were obsessed with. Obsessed enough to have their ceilings painted with it.
“Krissan?” Mom called.
The tiny girl remained lost in her world, and Jahleel was growing impatient to see her face.
“Krissan?” Dad called louder.
This time she heard and snapped her head in their direction.
Jahleel felt the weird curling in his chest again. She had the most beautiful eyes he’d ever seen. Like … like … the ocean. No, no, they were prettier than the ocean. Jahleel tried to remember all the beautiful things he’d ever seen in his life to compare her eyes to, but couldn’t. Because her eyes had just became the most beautiful of all things he’d ever seen.
Her lips were very, very red like she had been drinking Kool-Aid or something. The cherry-red flavor he liked most, too. He decided, then, he was really, really excited to meet his new sister.
“Hi,” she said, and her voice was as soft and airy as a fairy’s.
He liked it.
He must have been staring at her for a long time, because Mom nudged him with her elbow and scowled. “Don’t be rude, Jahleel. Say hi to your sister.”
But all he could think about was how much he wanted to share his parents with her. And how much he wanted to not share her with Trey. He didn’t want Trey to even look at her, because then Trey would see her beautiful eyes and her Kool-Aid lips, too, and Jahleel was calling dibs on tiny girl’s eyes as his most beautiful thing.
Turning to look up at his mother, he asked, “Is she going to share my room with me?”
He crossed his fingers under a cushion on the sofa, hoping his parents would say yes. He would give the tiny girl his favorite pillow and let her sleep in his favorite spot on his bed and let her play with his PSP and —
“No, Jahleel,” his mother said, looking disappointed. “Krissan will have her own room.” Her voice weakened and wobbled as she asked, “Are you not happy to have a sister?”
“Can we not call her my sister?”
He looked over to the tiny girl and saw she was sad. She was staring down at the milk in her glass, her bottom lip quivering as though she were about to cry. Maybe she thought he didn’t like her. But he did. He really liked her. He also knew, by the weird feeling in his chest, that she was something to him.
And a ‘sister’ wasn’t it.
“No, Jahleel,” his father sternly snapped. “Krissan is now your sister and you will accept her as such.”
Nodding to his father’s words, he got up and went across to stand in front of her. She was still staring down in her glass of milk. “Hi, Krissan Kingston.”
She didn’t look up at him, and he felt bad for making her sad.
“Hey,” he tried again, “want to see my room? It’s big. And there are paintings on the ceiling in there, too.”
She snapped her head up at that, a twinkle in her eyes. “Is it pretty like this room?”
“Better,” he smiled, and held out his hand to her. He wanted her to be far away from Trey — the cookie monster.
Krissan put her uneaten cookie down on the empty tray on the coffee table and placed her hand in his. Trey instantly snatched up the cookie and stuffed it in his mouth. Jahleel wanted so bad to knock it out of him.
But instead, he turned and nodded at his parents who were smiling their ‘so adorable’ smile, Mom with her hands clasped over her heart — glad to see he did indeed liked his … his … the thing Krissan was to him.
He turned and led her up the never ending staircase and straight to his bedroom. Krissan was still holding her glass of milk in her hand. She quietly walked into his room when he opened the door, and her eyes immediately went to the ceiling.
He’d lied, of course, when he said his room was better than downstairs. His ceiling was painted with white clouds and blue skies and angels and harps.
He hated it.
“It’s so pretty,” she whispered. Or maybe it wasn’t a whisper. Maybe it was just the natural airiness of her soft voice.
“I know,” he lied again, as he went to stand close to her and look up at the sickly peaceful painting on the ceiling. It held his attention for, like, two seconds. He looked at her and saw she was lost in the design of the room again like she’d been downstairs.
Leaving her side for a minute, he walked over to the door and turned the lock on it, and he asked, “Does God speak to you?”
Finally giving him her attention, she shook her head and took a sip of her milk for the first time, leaving traces of white over the top of her red lips. “I-I don’t know who God is. Is he going to be my new brother, too?”
Walking toward her, he shrugged. “Nope. I don’t know who God is, either. He never speaks to me. I think it’s because I’m a bad boy.”
“Bad boy?” She giggled. “What do bad boys do?”
He tried not to, but he couldn’t help himself: reaching out, he used the pad of his thumb to wipe the traces of milk from the top of her lips. Her tongue promptly followed the path of his thumb and he felt the weird curling in his chest again, lasting longer this time around. “Bad boys do bad things.”
“Well God doesn’t talk to me, either,” she said sadly. “Does that mean I am a bad girl?”
“Maybe. Do you do bad things?”
Krissan hung her head, then she sank down to the floor, setting her glass down beside her and started tracing circle patterns with her finger on his soft, blue carpet. “No,” was all she said.
Jahleel knelt down in front of her. “Do you want to do bad things?”
“Well,” she began, still tracing her finger around in the carpet. “I like you. Better than Trey. Better than any of my other brothers and sisters back at home. Because … because you have really, really nice hair. And … so … and if you’re a bad boy, then I want to be a bad girl.”
Jahleel let his smile shine because Krissan wasn’t looking at him, so she couldn’t see how happy he was. He liked tiny girl. So he was going to teach her to do bad things and make her his bad girl. “Then let’s start doing bad things together, bad girl.”
His bad girl looked up at him and smiled bright.
Jahleel took her hand and led her up to his big bed, then he stuffed his hand underneath his pillow, removed his laptop, opened it and showed her all the bad things of the world.



Chapter 26
K. Kingston
What, What, and WHAT??
In less than an hour of arriving at Crystals, Jahleel’s favorite nightclub, I was tipsy. Sitting around a high-table in our secluded section, I was rocking to the music while half-listening to one of Jahleel’s dancer dudes yapping in my ear, as he tried, failingly, to convince me of how great we could be together. Not as if he wasn’t hot or anything. He was. All of Jahleel’s dancers were hot. A group of hip-rolling, abs-Krumping, moon-walking dancers. Believe me, they were quite the pack.
With this one, however, let me explain: Have you ever seen a guy who’s ridiculously sexy, perfect smile, perfect hair, perfect height, muscles hard as steel, broad shoulders and the whole works, and you’re like, “Hot damn! Gimme some of that!”, but then, he opens his mouth and starts talking, and it all comes to a screeching halt because he sounds like a goddamn eunuch — no base, no deep manliness, no ruggedness, but a high-pitched sissy voice — and all you want to do is scream and tell him to shut the fuck up?
Well, that’s what this dude’s deal was. He sounded as if he were castrated at birth, and it bugged the shit out of me. Some men were just good to look at. Literally eye-candy and nothing else. Just like a mouth-watering hot guy with a small penis. Pointless.
We didn’t all come to the club together, it was supposed to be just me and Marsha and Jahleel. But his buddies just so happened to choose the same club we did and stuck to him like leeches when they spotted him. They brought three cackling girls with them, two of them being sisters of the guy who was still yapping at my ear.
Nevertheless, the night was fun. The club was pumping, a sea of heads bobbing out on the dance floor. The deejay knew his shit, and the bartender could mix the hell out of a drink.
With all that, though, Jahleel didn’t seem to be enjoying himself, and it was supposed to be a night of celebration for him. He’d been rather quiet, leaning back against a wall with one leg propped up, completely ignoring a redhead who was all but thrusting her boobs in his face. Every now and again, he took out his cellphone and dialed a number, and then he would give it an angry shove back into his pocket when he didn’t get through to whoever he was phoning.
I was watching him, wondering what was wrong with him, when he glanced up and caught my stare. He frowned disapprovingly, as if realizing for the first time his friend was tongue-deep in my ear. Crooking a smile at him, I held up two gun fingers, moved my thumb backward to indicate pulling back the hammer, then stuffed the two gun fingers in my mouth and jerked my head back as I pulled the trigger.
Kill me now.
Jahleel laughed as he pushed off from the wall and started towards me. As usual, he was ruggedly perfect in mega-ripped jeans, unlaced Timberlands, white tee with black graffiti, and a black leather jacket.
When he got to me, he wrapped an arm around me and pulled me off the stool, relieving me from the annoyance of his friend’s voice. “Let’s dance.”
He started propelling me to the dance floor, but he stopped, held up a finger, and withdrew his cellphone from his pocket. When he looked at the screen, I could’ve sworn I glimpsed a smile.
Hmnph.
Curious to see who brought out a rare JK Smile, I peeped over on his phone screen and saw a text message under the name ‘Sassy’:

Am.tired.of.ur.shit.
So u kno wut?
Fuq.U!!!

Jahleel’s fingers swept over the keypad as he typed back:

Bitchy Sassy?
U kno how I feel about her.
Breathe easy.

When he hit ‘send’, I hastily looked away and pretended I wasn’t peeking. Did I have the right to be jealous? Was it fair of me to continue acting territorial even though I’d indubitably chosen Trevillo over him on my birthday? Maybe not. But I was jealous. It didn’t bother me when he did random hook-ups, no. But it did bother me to see him starting to care for someone else like he does me. I didn’t want him to be with anyone.
Jahleel slid his hand back around me and started out to the dance floor. As we passed Marsha gyrating her big, round ass on one of his dancers, he slapped her bum with an “Attagirl”.
Marsha stopped dancing and scowled at him, but Jahleel didn’t linger. For all I knew, she was dancing like that to get his attention.
The music switched to Ciara’s Body Party just as we found a dance spot, and Jahleel winked at me, biting the tip of his tongue with his teeth as he started moving to the music. Sometimes I wondered if he could be anything less than flirtatious.
“Save those winks for your drooling cum-guzzlers,” I said with an eye roll. “Seriously, what do they see in you?”
Quicker than I could blink, he spun me around and slammed me back against him, so that my back was to his front. “Just shut up and dance.”
I didn’t argue, because I was actually in a dancing mood. There was just one problem I realized a little to0 late: the song.
The song playing was too much. Too much intensity. Too much intimacy. So much that, deeper into it, Jahleel’s hands on my hips tightened and pressed me closer against him as he moved his hips with mine. What was worse? I wanted him to do more.
I wanted more than his lips that were next on my neck, his breath hot and titillating. I leaned back harder with each brazen touch he made, each brazen press of his lips against my skin, because I wanted more.
By the time the song melded into Chris Brown’s Sweet Love, I melted into him. This was not just another dance with my bad boy. I’d danced with Jahleel countless times, and this one, tonight, was different. Maybe it was the songs. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe it was the mood. But who cared? All I knew was I was enjoying it … and I wanted more than just his erection pressing into my back.
It might have been wrong. But I was feeling something other than pain and heartbreak for the first time since Monday’s walk-in. And as much I wished it was Trevillo’s hands wrapped around me, dropping flutters of kisses on my bare shoulder and breathing his hot, heavy breath against my skin, it wasn’t him. Trevillo didn’t care for me, neither did he want me. So there was no point in wishing. Wishes were for naive kids. Shooting stars and eyelashes on fingertips were nothing but a bunch of dumb shit.
Men will always be assholes, and women will always get used. It’s just, I used to be the one doing the using. Way to have my own game turned back on me, huh? Can’t go around breaking hearts and not expect my own to get broken one day.
Turning around to face Jahleel, I went up on my tippy toes, locked my arms around his neck, and kissed him before he could object. He froze, hesitant at first, but then he brought his hands up to cup my face and kissed me back, something fierce. He kissed me as if he’d wanted this his whole life, and I kissed him back hard, making him Trevillo’s substitute. I wanted to forget about what it was like being Trev’s. To not feel the heartache anymore. I just wanted to forget.
Breaking the kiss, I looked up at him with desperate yearning. “I want you.”
He blinked at me, as if unable to believe what I was asking. “You want … ?”
“You … to make me feel.”
Jahleel watched me without a word for several heartbeats, and I began to feel like I’d crossed the line. Like I’d screwed up our perfect relationship.
But then a slow smile crept onto his face as he said, “Two decades.”
He didn’t give me a chance to say more, as he grabbed me and started hauling me out of the club.

We crashed through our front door, lips glued together, hands rubbing everywhere, breathing wild. I gripped the lapels of Jahleel’s jacket and pulled him with me into the kitchen, walking backwards, never breaking the kiss.
“Your room,” he mumbled.
“No,” I mumbled back. “Can’t wait. I want you now.”
He tried to break free, but I wouldn’t let him. “Krissy, not like this.”
“We can make love later,” I promised him. “Right now, I want you to fuck me.”
“Dammit,” he hissed, voice strained. “I don’t want — ”
“Please, JK,” I begged. “Just … just let me feel … you.”
He didn’t want to.
At least not how I wanted him to. And I could see that he was having second thoughts. His gaze was fixed over my head, looking somewhat apologetic, and then he closed his eyes and turned his face to the side, as though he were trying to block something out. But when I looked behind me, no one was there.
I knew it was wrong of me to take advantage of him, knowing he wanted me in a completely different way than I wanted him. He wanted me beyond sex. Yet I was using him to fill the hole Trevillo left inside me.
But I didn’t care at the moment. Not even for him.
I was allowed to be selfish, because I was me. I was allowed to stop pretending and be the bad girl I truly was. If I couldn’t get anyone to tell me they wanted me and made me feel it, then maybe getting them to tell me they hated me would do the trick. But I had to do something bad to make someone hate me first. So, even though Jahleel would hate me in the morning when he found out I was just using him, I didn’t care.
As I continued to back up in the kitchen, my butt hit the dinner table, and I let go of his jacket. Gripping the edge of the table, I eased up to sit on it, spreading my thighs apart so my dress rode up to my hips and my black lace underwear was in clear view.
Jahleel stood distracted by this, his eyelids hooded, his teeth sinking into his lower lip. He was still deliberating.
Impatient, I reached for his lapels again and pulled him up between my thighs. “Do you want me or not, JK?”
There were no more second guesses when his resolve finally broke, and he grabbed me Jahleel Style and started kissing me again. Wrapping my legs around his waist, I pushed his jacket off his shoulders and down his arms. As his lips traveled down my neck, towards my breasts, kissing between my cleavage, I reached down between us and undid his jeans, because I didn’t have the patience for foreplay at that moment. I wanted to be filled.
I pushed his boxers down his hips, and he sprang out. His cock was downright beautiful. Long, thick, and weighty with a slight curve upward. Yummy little veins snaked up to his wide, engorged head.
So. Frickkin’. Beautiful.
Wow.
It was hot and throbbing when I took it in my hands and began stroking. Now I was eager. I needed that beautiful thing inside me.
“Now. Please,” I moaned.
Releasing him, I leaned back on my elbows and raised my hips for him to take off my underwear.
Once they were off, I laid back on the table, took hold of his dick again, and positioned it at my entrance.
But Jahleel’s second goddamn thoughts started again. “This is not how — ”
“Just fuck me!” I shouted at him with a sudden burst of exasperation.
Vehemently shaking his head, he started to back away, but I jackknifed up, grabbed him by the waist and jerked him forward so he surged straight into me.
“Ahh!” I cried out at the same time he hissed, “Shit!”
His eyes slammed shut, and he stood still with a strained and pained expression. When it seemed he wasn’t going to move, I squeezed my inner muscles around him.
Releasing a long-winded groan, he whispered, “At least … at least let me tell you … I love you.”
As his forehead dropped to mine, he gently laid me back on the table and started to move. And, oh God, he felt amazing. He filled me perfectly. He touched me deep. He was doing more than filling a hole, because, he wasn’t just there … he was there.
Moving in sync with him, I moaned and whispered back, “I love you, too, Trev.”
One minute I was full, and the next, I was empty.
Jahleel was off me and dragging up his boxers and jeans. Taking one long, deep breath, he spun in a split second and slammed his fist into the wall. “Fuuuuucckkkk!!!”
As soon as what I said registered, I jolted upright. I called him Trev while he was inside me.
Jahleel whirled back around to face me, raging red. “Somethin’ happened between you two, didn’t it? I knew it. I knew it. And now you’re fuckin’ using me?!”
Deciding it wouldn’t make sense lying to him since he would find out the truth anyhow, I shrugged and apologized, “I’m sorry, JK.”
“Shit!!” he exploded again. “Why would you do this to me, Krissy? What the fuck did I ever do to you?”
Just then, the doorbell rang. Jahleel turned his face up to the ceiling and shouted. Just shouted. A long string of expletives followed. Then he turned and went to answer the door with his pants still undone and his white boxers peeking out.
He was seriously pissed off. Angrier than I’d ever seen him. Yet, I felt nothing. At that moment in time, I couldn’t find myself caring I’d hurt him. This was a screw-the-world moment for me.
I. Just. Didn’t. Care.
As I slid off the table and scooped up my underwear, I heard Jahleel explode again. “Ha! He’s like the fuckin’ Candy Man. Just say the assfuck’s name and poof, he appears!”
Panties still clutched in my hand, I ran from the kitchen to the front room and standing at the door was Trevillo, hands stuffed in his front pockets, face expressionless. He was Rocker Trev tonight, in black boots, black jeans, black T-shirt, and even a studded black belt.
All over again, I started hurting. Just to see him there. On my doorstep. The ice thawed from around my heart and it started beating again. I started hurting again.
Trevillo studied Jahleel’s ruffled attire — pants undone, cock semi-hard beneath the boxers. Then to me — dress twisted, panties in hand, lips no doubt swollen from kissing. Slowly, his eyes came up to mine, and I couldn’t read what was going on with him because he was still expressionless.
My heart plummeted, and I felt like crying. I wanted to apologize and beg for his forgiveness because I knew, even though he wasn’t showing it, he was hurt. Funny how I didn’t feel the compulsion to meaningfully apologize and beg for Jahleel’s forgiveness, even though he expressed his pain and had been good to me since I knew him.
And to think I had the nerve to feel guilt, even though I’d caught Trevillo in a more comprising position with Sarah, and he hadn’t apologized or cared or begged for forgiveness, yet I was feeling like the villain.
Starting to grow infuriated for having the wrong feelings in the wrong places for the wrong people, I turned to Jahleel to beg for his forgiveness, because he was the one who deserved it. “JK, I — ”
“Fuck off, Krissy,” he spat, as he zipped up his jeans. Leaning down to stare into my eyes, he seethed, “Fuck. Right. Off. You’re a heartless, emotionless, selfish, manipulative and empty bitc — ”
“Nuh uh,” I heard Trevillo warn in a calm voice. “Don’t talk to her like that.”
On a bitter laugh, Jahleel turned to Trevillo. “Seriously? Dude, I just had my cock buried deep inside her.”
Trevillo’s jaw tightened, but he held his composure well. “You may say whatever you want to me. But to her? No.” He shook his head from side to side to emphasize the ‘no’.
Jahleel scoffed and waved a hand between Trevillo and I as he said in general, “Good luck with … whatever the fuck this is.”
He shouldered past Trevillo through the door, and seconds later, I heard his motorbike roaring off.
The handsome blue-eyed man stood there all calm and inexpressive, staring at me, and I grew guiltier by the minute. I hid the hand holding my underwear behind my back so the shame wouldn’t be so evident. However guilty or shameful, I wasn’t going to give in to conscience and apologize for my actions, because the last time I saw this man, his cock was in another woman’s mouth.
Deceivingly soft, he ordered, “Pack your stuff.”
That’s it? That’s all he was going to say?
“What?”
“Pack your stuff,” he repeated as he took a step inside the house.
“What do you mean ‘pack your stuff’?”
Taking another step inside, he replied in an extremely quiet voice, “It means exactly what you think it means, Krissan. You are going upstairs to pack all the things you need, because when you leave this house tonight, you’re not coming back.”
I snorted. “I’m not going anywhere with you. You can’t just pop up on my doorstep some four days after I watched you empty yourself down another woman’s throat, and think you can order me around, telling me what to do. That agreement to be yours was broken. You broke it. Not by cheating on me, but by not showing you give a fuck with so much as a text message apology attached to a lame excuse. Nothing. You did nothing!”
Still stoic, he told me, “Be mad. You have every right. Cut my balls off. You have every right. Curse me out. You have every right. Seek revenge. You have every right. Don’t forgive me. I don’t deserve it. But leaving me? That’s not allowed. You don’t get to leave me. When you agreed to be Trev’s, you agreed to be Trev’s forever. Through shit storms and fuck-ups, you stay. There’s no leaving.”
Tears suddenly pooled in my eyes, threatening to spill. “You didn’t come after me. You didn’t! Why? Why would you just leave me to choke on the pain? Why?”
Trevillo sighed, and it was the first sign of emotion he showed since he arrived. “Aside from the fact I was out of the country within that same hour Monday, how … how could I have talked myself out of that, Krissan? Tell me? How could I have explained it to you? Should I have been a dickless asshole and blamed it all on Sarah when I know I could’ve controlled myself better than I did?
“I’ve never had a girlfriend before. I’ve never been in a situation like this before. So I didn’t know the first goddamn thing to say to you if I called you. I tried, many times, but hung up before the phone even rang. What the fuck do I say to something like that? I still don’t know how to handle this shit. I just knew the minute I got off that jet, I wasn’t going to let you leave me.”
He drew a hand from his pocket and rubbed his forehead. “Now, since you know how to handle situations like these, try talking yourself out of what happened with you and your brother. Try explaining that shit to me. I’m all ears. Teach me. You start, and I’ll follow your lead.”
I sucked in my bottom lip and worried it between my teeth as I tried to find the best angle to explain what happened with Jahleel. “Okay … Um, okay … I was mad. Yes, that’s it. I was mad!”
“I was weak,” he followed.
“I-I wanted to forget about you,” I told him.
“I thought about you the whole time,” he put in.
“I, uh … he was … I was upset and … ”
Yeah, this was hard. There was nothing else I could find to explain the horridness of what went down with Jahleel and me.
“Pack your stuff.”
Looking up at in him disbelief, I tried to let him understand what happened. “Trev, I just had another man’s cock inside me.”
“It’s not enough to make me stop wanting you.”
“Are you seriou — ”
In the next second, he moved in and pinned me against the wall. “Listen to me, Krissan. They say you can’t choose who to love. I say that’s bullshit. They say love just happens by surprise. I say that, too, is bullshit. Because I chose you. I chose to make you mine, and now I’m choosing to love you. To love you and love you fucking hard and unswervingly. And I’m gonna make damn sure you love me back. I choose you, Krissan. You. And I swear I’ll damage anyone who tries to stop that. You’re chosen. Don’t you ever fucking forget that.”
Holding my chin with his thumb and forefinger, he tilted my head up so that my eyes aligned with his. “This thing between us, is until death. What happened here tonight, is never gonna happen again, because I’m taking you with me, and I’m never letting you out of my sight. I’ll give you a new position at TDR flexible enough so you are with me whenever I have to leave the country. Wherever I go, you go. We only get one chance to fuck up. I used up my chance Monday, and you used yours up tonight. We get no more chances. Now, things get real fucking serious.”
“But how — ”
“That’s it.” He scooped me up off the ground and into his arms, then marched out the door. “You’ve had more than one chance to pack your stuff.”
He made long, steady strides down the driveway to his car, opened the passenger side door, and buckled me in. As he made to close the door, I stuck my foot out. I couldn’t just leave the house with nothing at all. Plus, I was still holding my goddamn panties in my hand!
“Let me at least get my workbag? I’m still working on a project for you, Trev, remember? So I need my laptop and order sheets. It’s not an excuse to run, I swear. I just need my stuff for work.”
He watched me with a distrustful gleam, then said, “Tell me where the bag is, I’ll go get it.”
I sighed in resignation. “On the armchair in my bedroom. Oh, and bring — ”
Trevillo pushed my foot back into the car and slammed the door in my face. I folded my arms with a huff and sat back in the car seat.
Everything had just turned into one big clusterfuck. I didn’t even know how to go about fighting Trevillo’s hostile takeover of my life. But I also wasn’t arguing about leaving because I was unsure of how things were going to work out with me and Jahleel. How would we go back to who we were after what happened?
Then there was Trevillo who’d just shrugged his shoulders at me cheating on him. As if it was no big deal.
The night had taken a drastic turn and dove straight into a sea of confusion and incredulity. Two love confessions. One ruined a relationship, and one patched up another.
On the bright side —
I didn’t get to complete the thought, proving there was no ‘bright side’ to this night, because there was the sound of the car door behind me opening, and before I could even turn my head, a strong-scented cloth covered my nose and mouth. In the next second, I blanked out.



Chapter 27
T. Nelson
Taken
There was a hole in his head.
The image of Krissan’s legs wrapped around Jahleel’s waist, and the sound of her soft, breathy voice moaning as he thrust inside her burned a hole into Trevillo’s head. And he knew the hole was going to be there, unpatched, for a long, long time. Maybe even for life.
But, he was willing to deal with it.
He was willing to deal with the fact another man had screwed his woman, just as he had unremorsefully screwed other men’s women. It was his retribution. Karma was one nasty, cock-sucking, revenge-seeking bitch. And if she were ever fleshly, he’d fuck her, too. Then shoot her.
In the head.
Bitch.
Trevillo had driven straight to Krissan’s house the minute he stepped off his jet, returning from his grueling trip to the BVI. He couldn’t have gotten there fast enough. He missed her and needed to see her.
He loved her.
As he’d begun his walk up her driveway, his head down, hands in his pockets while he thought about what he’d say to her when he saw her, a crying woman bumped into him then quickly muttered her apologies and tried to go around him. He gripped her arm to stop her and question the reason for her tears, but when she looked up at him, he recognized her as the infamous Pop/Rock artiste Saskia Day. He remembered seeing her leave the house a couple of weeks ago.
With red, swollen eyes, she looked up at him and as recognition glittered across her face, she shook her head and warned him in her accented voice thick with emotion, “You might not wanna go in there … ” Then she left.
Striated with agitation, Trevillo went ahead anyway through the front door left ajar, and at the first sound of Krissan’s intimate urgency, the hole started to burn in his head …
One factor that helped him cope with this, was knowing what Krissan didn’t know he knew. He stood in the entryway of the kitchen long enough, watching them, to realize she used Jahleel as a substitute for him. Long enough to have heard her whisper, “I love you, too, Trev.”
That’s all he’d needed to hear. His name.
So instead of grabbing Jahleel to beat the sister-loving shit out of him, stuff Krissan in the fucking oven and turn the heat up so she’d burn to crisps, then set their house on fire … he’d simply turned around, went back out the door, quietly closed it, and rang the doorbell.
Krissan had saved their lives and didn’t even know it.
She’d been thinking about him. She did it for revenge.
Trevillo knew it was wrong trying to justify what Krissan did, but it was helping him with the harrowing pain.
He was an asshole, he knew. And life wasn’t ever kind to assholes. Life gave everyone their fair share of shit according to how they themselves dish it out to others. He couldn’t have possibly believed after all of his sins and debauchery, using and manipulating people, God would just send him some sweet little girl who’d be too innocent and pure to fuck him over.
Not him.
For rest of the world, life did good for them, life came around for them, life gave them chances. But for him, he had to do good for himself. He had to go his own route because life’s favorable wind never blew in his direction, and he had to make his own choices and take his own chances. Life hated the shit out of him, yet it couldn’t do what it wanted to do and leave him. Screw it. He’d love when he was ready to love. He’d die when he was ready to die.
Trevillo entered Krissan’s bedroom, picked up her brown LV workbag from the armchair where she said it would be, and turned to leave the house. He wasn’t taking a goddamn thing else. He would get her a houseful of new shit. Whatever she wanted. Everything here was getting left behind.
Krissan Kingston was still his angel’s feather despite what he’d witnessed tonight. She’d only gotten the tip of her feather dirty.
One conclusion he’d came to throughout it all, was that he would not lose her. He was in love with her, and he wasn’t letting her go. He chose her. Decidedly chose her. Mind made up. No turning back.
He wasn’t about to let a minor fuck-up of hers which was induced by a great fuck-up of his shamble that choice. The choice to make her his legally, contractually, sexually, emotionally, every goddamn ‘ly’. He wanted her to share his billions with him. His businesses. His life. He wanted her to write shitloads of songs for him and sing them to him — naked, with just her guitar across her shoulders — after a hard day of work. He wanted to cook for her and spoon-feed her for the rest of her life. He wanted to buy her ten more Audis. Let her drive his One-77. Whatever the hell she wanted, he wanted to give it to her. As long as she remained his. As long as she remained chosen. As long as she remained …
Alive?
Trevillo skidded to a halt in the middle of the driveway when he saw all four of his car doors opened and all four tires slashed.
The hell?
In a sudden panic, he bolted towards the car hoping, hoping, Krissan was still there. And breathing.
His bones turned to dust, the edges of his vision blackened, his heart imploded at three second intervals, and his head pounded like a kettledrum when he saw the note on the car seat where his angel’s feather should have been.

You had my heart in your hands, and what did you do?
You fucked it up.
Now, I have your heart in my hands, and what am I gonna do?
Fuck.It.Up.
I’m not going to give you an ‘it’s either her or me’ ultimatum.
I’m just going to wipe her out of the picture and leave myself as the only offer on the table.
That way, you won’t get to choose. You’ll just have to take what’s left.
Don’t worry, I’ll make her death as pleasurable as possible. I promise, I’ll even make her come.
Not even Johnson got that kind of luxury. So you might wanna thank me when you see me.

Your only choice,
Sarah NELSON.

Trevillo stared at note until the words on the paper started blurring.
She took her.
She was going to kill her.
The lunatic murdered her husband?
Shit. Shit. Shit. She was going to murder Krissan!
Inertia seized him, and he read the words on the paper over and over again. It couldn’t end like this. It couldn’t. This couldn’t be his life. He’d done good on more than one occasions. He hadn’t always been a bad person. Didn’t that count? Didn’t he get a reward for being good some-fucking-times?
Fuck you, Life! Fuck you!
Trevillo tried to move one of his hands. It worked. So he reached inside his pocket and withdrew his cellphone, dialed, and listened numbly as the phone rang.
“Speak,” answered the one person he knew who could possibly get his woman back. Alive.
“Natalio, I need you,” he managed to get out, his own voice sounded strange to his ears. Weak and helpless. “Krissy … she’s gone … s-she’s … taken … ”
“Where are you?”
“I’m … I’m … ” Fuck, he couldn’t even remember where he stood. He needed to snap out of this shock if he wanted to find his woman alive.
“Jesus, Trev,” Natalio muttered in a pained voice. “I’ll track your phone. Stay where you are. Don’t move.”
At that moment, Trevillo didn’t think he could move even if he wanted to, seeing he was temporarily suffering from paralysis.
He’d found the love his life. Lost her. Got her back. And now he lost her again. This time, it might be forever.
Crumpling the piece of paper in his hand, he turned his face up to the sky, then opened his mouth and shouted so loud he could feel his lungs vibrate. “KRISSAN!!!”

Natalio shook his head at the creased up note Trevillo crumpled earlier. He sucked air through his teeth and pinched the bridge of his nose before shifting his gaze to him. “So, you think if you’d listened to me and hired a security team that something like this could’ve happened?”
Trevillo rubbed his forehead. He wasn’t in the mood for a tongue-lashing on safety from his brother. He was just recovering from his shock, the reality of what happened was starting to sink in, and he wasn’t feeling like a person who was alive, to be honest. He felt as if he was out of his body, looking at his brother talking to a replica of himself.
“I’m not like you, brother. I can’t stand having people following me around wherever I go. I’ve tried it, and it lasted all of two weeks before I told everyone to fuck off. If I wanted that shit, I would’ve turned into some kind of celebrity instead.”
Natalio made an irritated sound. “Guess what, Trev? You are like a goddamn celebrity! You’re a frickin’ billionaire who’s King of Real Estate in this hemisphere. You’re Marcello’s son. You’re a goddamn Nelson. You are not safe walking around without protection, Trev!”
Trevillo folded his arms like an intractable teenager. “Love’s richer than all of us, and I don’t see him with security tailing him.”
“No, but Love rolls his ass out of bed and prays for an hour each morning. So I’m sure he’s more than protected. He also walks like he’s wearing Jesus’ sandals. Do you?” Natalio shifted on his feet, getting ticked. “And he’s not the one going around screwing other men’s wives.”
Despite the situation, Trevillo managed a chuckle. “Okay, I get it. The fact I have a missing — possibly dead — Krissan Kingston proves you’re right. Now, what do I do?”
Trevillo wouldn’t even bother telling his pissed-off brother Sarah had threatened him more than once, and he’d ignored it. He would go ballistic. His brother was a stickler for safety and protection.
Natalio clapped his shoulder and leaned back against the car beside him. They were still outside Krissan’s house. The night was eerily quiet and chilly, but the coldness in Trevillo’s body had nothing to do with the atmosphere.
Trevillo was the oldest of all his siblings, but they all felt like he was the youngest, because he was as stubborn and rebellious as a last child. Natalio, who was the middle child, acted the oldest, because he’d inherited this gift of natural dominance, control and intimidation, just like Marcello, their father: focused, precise, calculated and everything done with purpose. When he spoke, people shut the hell up and listened.
Even though it should’ve been the other way around, Trevillo looked up to Natalio like he was the big brother. His opinion mattered to him like no one else’s.
“Now,” Natalio started, “you need to shake off this … look of hopelessness. It’s scaring the shit out of me. You’re normally the toughest and most impenetrable out of all of us, and at the moment, I don’t like the way you look. It’s a bit … frightening.”
Trevillo looked at his brother as if he had a log for a brain. “That’s because my girlfriend might be lying somewhere right now with a bullet in her head!”
With a crooked smiled, Natalio said, “Still can’t believe you have a girlfriend, man. And by the looks of it, you’re nose deep in love.”
Trevillo could only shake his head as he glared at his brother. Only Natalio could make the most serious situations seem like child’s play. Natalio was accustomed to shit like this. Trevillo wasn’t. If his brother didn’t have securities sitting in tinted vehicles on the curb, he’d punch him straight in the face right now.
“Chill, Trev, chill,” Natalio said, laughing. “I’m just tryna get you to calm your nerves so you can think clearly. You can’t get through situations like these until your mind is in order. Freaking out won’t help. Calmness is key.” He turned and stretched an arm out on the roof of the car, as if they had all the time in the world. “Now, close your eyes. Count to ten. Breathe, and calm your nerves.”
Normally, he wouldn’t have done jack-shit, but this was Natalio here. So he’d go with whatever he said if it meant he would find Krissan.
He counted past ten and was reaching twenty-five when his mind instantly relaxed and journeyed directly to Monday afternoon. The afternoon he hadn’t really given much thought to, due to being tied up with work in the BVI.
Now that his mind was clear, he was beginning to see how odd the afternoon was. The fact that Sarah had known without looking it was Krissan who’d walked in on them. The fact that Milo had allowed Krissan to enter his office without notification, even though he knew Sarah was there. The fact Milo had, out of the blue, given notice he was leaving TDR …
“Milo … ” he absently whispered. His eyes popped open and saw Natalio grinning at him.
“See? Works like a charm.”
All business now, Natalio turned and opened the door to his Bentley, slid in the back, then told his driver, “Moore, signal TA5. Girl abducted.”
Trevillo hopped into the vehicle and leaned back with a heavy sigh, as Natalio flicked open a razor-thin laptop and began tapping furiously on the keyboard. “Now, tell me, where do we find this Milo fucker?”

Trevillo rang the doorbell to Milo’s picket-fenced bungalow house. As soon as the door so much as cracked opened, he didn’t wait, he gave it a hard shove so the impact would bust the asshole’s face.
“Ah shit!” the male behind the door groaned in pain, staggering backwards with one hand holding his nose that squirted blood.
The recipient wasn’t Milo, and that made him even more pissed-off. Before he could step inside to turn out the intestines of all the occupants in the house, his brother grabbed his arm and pulled him back.
“Trev, don’t let your anger control you, man. Or you won’t get through this quickly. Time’s limited. Clear head, brother. Keep calm.”
Ruddy, Natalio’s main man, snorted and pushed his big muscled body past them and into the house. “Don’ needa clear head t’pull de’ fuckin’ trigga’.”
At that, Trevillo smirked, and Natalio glowered at Ruddy. “Hey, soul-taker, no killing unless it’s necessary.” Then he looked back to him. “Ruddy’s a murderer who gets a rush out of killing for no damn reason. Don’t encourage him.”
Trevillo sniffed and looked out into the yard where Natalio’s team of men were inconspicuously circling the house. He turned back to his brother who was starting to get on his last nerve with his ‘keep calm’ bullshit.
“Really? Unless it’s necessary? You know what, you better not put a fucking gun in my hand tonight, because this time I’ll validate my nicknames. ‘Cause if my girl is still alive, whoever is standing in the way between her and me, it’s fucking night night. Fuck calm.”
Striding off into the house, he went straight into a dingy living room swirling with smoke and the strong scent of marijuana. Natalio’s men were already in from the back and were holding down four naked men, Milo in the mix, who was looking up at him from the ground, wide-eyed with dread etched on his face.
“Sorry for disrupting your orgy,” he sneered contemptuously at the cohort of shriveled-cock, ass-fucking assholes. Latching his eyes on Milo, he said, “I suggest you start telling me what the fuck I need to know if you wanna live to continue sticking your dick in shitholes.”
“W-what, boss? What’re you here to know? Why are you doing this?”
Boss?
In a millisecond, he was across the room and his fist connected with Milo’s jaw over and over again. “Don’t fucking ‘boss’ me you disloyal fucking faggot! I trusted you. Valued you. Took care of you. This is how you fucking repay me?”
Natalio was soon there dragging him off Milo, while Ruddy grinned at the sight of blood flowing.
“I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry I sent Krissy K in,” Milo cried. “If I had known it would be such a big deal, I wouldn’t have done it. I thought you and Sarah were legit since her husband’s dead. She said so. She asked me to do it.”
Trevillo paced the room, hands on his hips, face to the ceiling. He was trying the ‘calm the nerves’ thing, and it wasn’t goddamn working.
Natalio took a calm, quiet step towards Milo and asked, “Where’s Krissy?”
“W-w-what?” Milo stammered.
“We hacked into your mail and messages on the way here. You’ve been giving Sarah information on Krissy and Trev’s whereabouts for the past couple of weeks. You’re quitting your job as an assistant with Trev because Sarah bribed you, by promising you partnership in her husband’s company — which is now hers, of course. A husband she murdered. Now, she’s taken Krissy and plans on murdering her, too. But I’m sure you already knew that. Now tell me, where is she?”
“She murdered her husband? Taken Krissy?” Milo’s eyes bulged from his head. “Jesus Christ … I swear to you, I swear, I didn’t know she was going to do that! I-I don’t know where she is.”
Natalio nodded slowly and took another step forward. “Yeah, I believe you. But that isn’t gonna help us in no way, shape or form now, is it?” Moving his jacket aside, he pulled his gun from his waist, stooped down and tapped the attached silencer with his index finger as he told Milo, “You see, taking your life won’t benefit us in any way. But some valuable info will. You’ve been out and about running errands for Sarah in the last four days since Trev’s been out of the country. So, I’m gonna give you sixty seconds to jog your memory and give me something — anything — that’ll help. If you can’t,” he shrugged, “then it’s bye-bye. Show me your brain’s worth more than being splattered all over the walls, Milo.”
“I don’t know. I don’t know. Ohgodohgodohgodohgod,” Milo began crying.
The other three assfuckers who were being held down began whimpering, too.
Ruddy swung his gun through the air and knocked Milo in the side of his head. “Shut d’fuck up an’ think, ya idiot!”
Natalio straightened up and fixed his gun back in his waist. “Your sixty seconds starts now. We get nothing at the end of the sixty seconds, that gun aimed at the back of your head right now is going to take you out.”
Trevillo smirked at the prospect, while Ruddy began humming the Jeopardy theme song.
Milo’s face crumpled. “Okay … um … oh god, I dunno.” He started trembling violently, tears streaming down his face.
“Forty-five seconds,” Natalio warned.
“Um … um … ” He began mumbling to himself as if he was sifting through the events of his last four days.
“Twenty seconds.”
Ruddy’s humming continued.
Then Milo’s head snapped up as if a light bulb switched on inside it. “The storage house! Sarah sent me to pay for storage on Wednesday. She said it was to store Johnson’s stuff. Maybe that’s where she took Krissy?” Milo’s lips spread into a bloody grin, proud he’d managed to save his life.
But Trevillo knew Sarah too well. She was clever. She was brilliant. She was clean. She put a bullet in her husband’s head and no one even suspected her. She wouldn’t let finding Krissan be as easy as a damn storage house.
“That’s not it,” Trevillo told him. “She knew I’d suspect you and come to you first, so she had you pay for a storage unit so when we got to you, you’d tell us about it, and that’s where we would head off to. On a wild goose chase. Jog your memory some more.”
“Fifteen seconds,” said Natalio.
Milo’s grin faded, and he took a final sigh as if resigned to the thought he was going to die. Trevillo took pity on him. He really had valued the guy. Would’ve given him anything he asked for. Too bad he allowed greed to lead him off course.
“Did she have you buy anything we could track, Milo? A new cellphone, maybe? Was she always alone or with other — ”
“Yes!” Milo said gladly. “I went to deliver some documents to her yesterday. There was a group of hefty butches transporting duffel bags from the basement out to their van. Positive it was cocaine — ”
Ruddy knocked him on the side of his head again. “How d’fuck’s that helpful?”
Milo groaned at the blow but continued, not letting pain deter him. “One of the butches took on to me — obviously because I’m queer. She invited me to a house party and gave me her number. Maybe you could track her phone and see if they’re helping Sarah in this? Probably in exchange for the cocaine?” he asked hopefully.
Trevillo thought it weak, but what the hell else did they have to work with? Sarah was sharp enough to not need help with her dirty doings. But if she thought he’d come after her, he assumed she’d have a fortress to protect her.
Going by the tone of her note, it didn’t seem as though Sarah wanted to make Krissan’s death quick and painless, or else she would’ve just killed her right there and then outside her house. No. She had plans for Krissan. She was sick and twisted, he knew that much. Which meant he might, just might, have a chance of finding Krissan alive. “Yeah, that might be something. The number?”
Milo shakily nodded to a Samsung Galaxy on an ugly green couch. “It’s saved as Tammy.”
Natalio snatched up the phone and marched out the door.
“We’re still gonna kill him, right?” Ruddy asked, pulling back the hammer on his gun.
Trevillo shook his head. “Maybe. This trail is weak. But not now. Get him some pants and toss him in the trunk.”
When he started to leave the room, another man asked, “What about these three?”
Trevillo sighed. This was so Natalio’s type of shit and not his. But as long as he didn’t have his angel’s feather, this was going to be his shit. He was going to be the asshole everyone said he was. “Hog-tie them. Lock them in the basement. If Krissan’s dead, they’re all dead.”
He turned and strode out of the house, having no pity whatsoever on the sudden outburst of pleading.
Natalio had his gadget opened on the hood of his Bentley and was tapping away on the keyboard.
“Anything?” Trevillo asked on a thin whisk of hope.
Natalio tapped around a few more times, then nodded and turned the gadget so he could see. “Tracks all the way to the outskirts of Napa. It could take us over forty-five minutes to get there. And that would be a waste of time if — ”
“We got her,” Trevillo said quickly, his hope gaining vigor. “Johnson bought a piece of property out there. Planned on opening a winery.”
Natalio nodded. “Perfect. Now let’s try connecting this number to a face. We might need some kind of leverage.”
Another round of tapping started, until he said, “Name’s Tamara Wallace. Ex-soldier. Got kicked out of the army for being outed as a dyke. Married to a twenty-two year old girl and has two adopted daughters — ages three and seven. Lives about ten minutes away from here.” Natalio closed down his gadget and turned to him. “Let’s go grab her wife. Use her as leverage if we can’t get into wherever Sarah is.”
Trevillo really didn’t want to stop anywhere, he just wanted to get to Sarah so he could bust her fucking skull open. But having leverage is always smart, so he nodded and pushed off from the car.
Then he caught Natalio glaring at him and shaking his head in that judgmental way of his.
“What, asshole?” Trevillo snapped. “What have you got to say now? If I wanted criticism, I would’ve called Love instead of you.”
“Nothing. It’s just … when you introduced Krissy to us, I thought you were serious about her, you know.”
Trevillo rubbed his forehead. “Are you kidding me? Is it not clearer than a goddamn crystal ball right now that I’m serious about her?!”
“Then why’d you continue with Sarah?”
“I didn’t. The bitch is crazy. Why the fuck would she even kill her husband?”
“For you. Obviously,” Natalio replied. “He was an obstacle. And so is Krissy.”
Trevillo dropped his head in his hands and groaned. “I was weak. So weak. She came into my office and … I just let her … it was … ”
“I know,” Natalio said, clapping him on the shoulder. “The psycho ones are usually the hardest to resist. ‘Cause they’re the ones who fuck the best.”





Because I could not stop for death,
He kindly stopped for me —
The carriage held but just Ourselves —
And Immortality.

-Emily Dickinson



Chapter 28
K. Kingston
What Happens to Bad People?
Consciousness was slow in coming. I felt dazed, dizzy, and my eyelids were too heavy to open. My head lolled to one side and hung with a bob when I tried to move.
That’s because I couldn’t move. At all.
A burst of female laughter crashed through the fog in my head, and I tried again to open my eyes. My heavy lids lifted just a fraction.
Through my narrowly slitted eyelids, I could see a group of men sitting around a table playing cards — or maybe they were women. They sure as hell sounded like women to me. But they wore men’s clothing: baggy jeans, loose shirts, and boots. Two of them wore black bandanas around their heads, one wore braids, one had a red ball-cap turned backwards on her head, and another had short blonde spikes.
Who the hell were they, and where the hell was I?
Forcing my eyelids to lift a little higher, I tried to take in the surroundings through my hazy vision. It was an expansive, wide, but dark space. The ceiling was low and arched like an underground bunker, and stacks upon stacks of wine vats lined the area. Walls, ceiling, and floors were a uniform of raw, red bricks, and the air held a mixed odor of wet dirt, grapes, and mold.
I tried to move again, and my head rolled on my shoulders, lolled to the other side, then hung and bobbed. That’s when I realized I was manacled. My arms were spread wide and so were my legs, stretched stiff. The aches in my muscles started to penetrate.
Lowering my gaze, I noticed each foot was manacled to a huge, immovable block of wood. I tried looking up — my hands were connected to thick chains suspended from the ceiling.
Holy shit! What was happening?
A sharp pain whipped across the bareness of my ass, and the heaviness fled at once from my eyes. They sprang wide open to the sight of the tall, striking beauty that was Sarah James. Just like that, she materialized out of nowhere.
Holding a long, braided whip in her hand, she was dressed in a teeny black leather skirt, black thigh-highs, and a black leather bra — if one could call it that, seeing that her pink nipples were poking out through heart-shaped cut-outs. Her hair was pulled up in a neat ponytail and still managed to graze her mid-back. It was a rather odd time to be admiring Sarah James’ beauty, sex appeal, and flawlessness, but it was impossible not to.
I’ve never exchanged words with this woman before. I merely knew her as the top designer at TDR. All the big contracts went straight to her. She was also the wife — now widow — of a wealthy man who used to have a name in San Fran, and she probably didn’t even need to work, so she strutted around like she had diamonds in her heels. The one time I ever crossed the woman’s path was when I walked in on her blowing Trevillo. And I wouldn’t consider that even as ‘crossing her path’. It was more like interrupting. Sarah never turned her head to see it was me who’d walked in on them, so maybe I could just go ahead and I say, I’d never crossed her path before.
Yet, now, here I was in an underground cellar, spread eagled. Butt naked. About to be crucified for God knows what. The hell did I ever do to piss her off?
“Hello, Miss Krissan Kingston,” Sarah said in a smooth, sultry voice. “How are you feeling, dear?”
As I started to open my mouth, another sharp pain whipped across my stomach, and I cried out like the bitch I was.
The question was rhetorical, I realized.
“You know what tonight is?” she asked, as she began walking around my stretched-out, nude body, trailing the tip of her whip lightly against my skin. “Tonight is the night you die.”
Another whip ensued, then another, and, holy mother-flipping shit, each lash was more painful than the other.
As she continued walking around and whipping the shit out of me, the group of women or men who were playing cards all got up and screeched their chairs up to where I was on display in the center of the room. Now up close, I could see they were indeed butches. All lined off, cigarettes burning, ball glasses of alcohol in hand, they looked on with eager eyes as if this was a highly anticipated movie.
This was utterly embarrassing. Demeaning. Degrading. I had no idea who these people were or why this was happening to me. Did they know me? Why were they so excited to see me suffer? To see me die? This was a freaking nightmare!
“Why are you doing this, Sarah?” I dared to ask. “What d-d-did I ever do to you?”
In return, I got three steady lashes on my ass, and my eyes started squeezing out tears. The pain was becoming unbearable.
“You don’t speak!” She whipped me again. Harder. “Don’t ever speak unless I say you can.”
Sarah circled and came back in front of me, her face showing no sign of rancor. She looked sweet, normal, innocuous. Yet her words and actions were so brutal.
Raising her right foot above my left foot which was manacled to a block of wood, she slowly brought her foot down to my toes and pressed on them. Hard. My toes throbbed excruciatingly, feeling like they were about to splatter out on the wood and send blood gushing everywhere. I bit down on my lip to swallow a groan of pain.
“You stepped on my toes, Miss Kingston. That’s what you did.”
A relieved flow of breath rushed from me when she eased her foot up from my aching toes and stood straight.
“As much as I’d love to cut your toes off one by one, it would be too messy. And I don’t do messy. Plus, my bitches here are expecting something erotic, that they can fuck themselves to. So blood’s not allowed.” She trailed the tip of her whip up the seam of my folds, then brought it to her mouth and licked it off. “I also promised my fiancé, Trev, I’d make your death a pleasurable one.”
My heart stopped beating, my blood ran cold, and every hair on my skin stood up.
Trev?
They were engaged? He set this up?
Fuck! No wonder he was so calm about me cheating on him. He showed no emotion because he really didn’t care.
Sarah answered my unasked question. “Yes, Miss Kingston. Trevillo set this up. Said you were getting too clingy and nagging, as you whiny young girls tend to do. He took care of my husband, and I, in return, am supposed to take care of you.”
Tucking her whip in the side of her thigh-high, she reached up to pinch her nipples between her fingers and began tweaking them.
“You didn’t know my fiancé was a dangerous man when you decided to let him fuck you, did you? You didn’t know he was so twisted, you could drive a knife through his heart and he’d have an orgasm instead of dying from it, did you? You didn’t know once he grew tired of you, he’d want you dead, did you?”
At this ignominy, I hung my head. What on earth did I get myself into? I’d known Trevillo was different, but not this different.
Sarah dragged one hand down her body, straight to the hem of her skirt, where she inched it up to her waist so I could see her bare snatch.
The butches who were lined off in front of us began wolf-whistling. “Oh fuck, yeah! Let the show begin.”
Sarah whipped around to face them, and sternly hissed, “Nobody talks but me. Got that?”
“Do we at least get to taste her?” the butch with the braids asked. “I mean, look at that cunt. I been wantin’ to lick that pussy since we picked her up.”
Sarah made a threatening step towards Braided Butch. “Do I need to tell you again to shut the fuck up, Tammy? Or would you rather I tell your wife tha — ”
Braided Butch held up her palms in defeat. “A’ight, Sarah, do your thing.”
Appeased, Sarah turned back to me.
“Some people get quick, painless deaths. Some get long, torturous deaths. Some just die and don’t even know they’re dead. But you, Miss Kingston,” she said, looking me right in the eyes, “I’ll make you want to die. Not because what I plan to do to you will be so painful you’d rather die than endure the pain. No. It’s because what I’ll do will be so pleasurable, you’ll think you’re tasting death, because life couldn’t possibly taste so damn good.”
Oh dear God.
I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to cry and beg for my life, or just accept I was going to die. But because she’d made it strictly clear no one was to speak but her, I chose to remain quiet and await my fated death.
“First, let’s get your juices flowing. I need to see that cute little clit of yours glistening with arousal.”
The butches began whispering and hissing.
Sarah slightly squatted, then slid two fingers inside herself and removed a small, silver vibrator covered in her wetness. That was inside her all this time? Shit, this woman …
She came up to me, and I closed my eyes at the realization of what she was about to do. As her two fingers pushed the vibrator up inside me, I couldn’t even wince, due to my tightly stretched arms and legs. I tried to fight the sensation, but it was futile. My traitorous body responded to every nerve the buzzing vibrator awakened.
The sound of Sarah’s heels clicked away from me, but I didn’t bother opening my eyes, because I was too grossed out at the fact she’d pulled a vibrator out of her vagina and slid it straight into mine.
Was I frightened at the fact I was about to die? That was a question I was unable to veraciously answer. I didn’t know if I was afraid or not.
If I was terrified of dying, it was because I didn’t know what comes next. After I stopped breathing, what next? I think I’m more afraid of the unknown than death’s sting. Not being afraid to die just meant I’d always known life was overrated.
My eyes flickered open when I heard Sarah’s heels clicking back towards me. In her hand, she held two slim clamps that had tiny bells dangling at the ends. Nipple clamps.
Back in front of me again, she snapped a clamp onto each of my nipples, and I bit down hard on my lip and groaned, not from pain, but from pleasure. My nipples stung, but it was a sweet sting.
How was I able to feel pleasure in such a drastic situation?
Sarah grabbed my face with one hand, and before I knew it, her lips were on mine, and her tongue was in my mouth. Raping it. She kissed with such command and firmness, it left no doubt who was in control.
Roughly ending her mouth rape, she bit and pulled on my bottom lip, and scraped her teeth along my jaw. Next, she began meandering kisses down my neck and collarbone, and soon her tongue was flickering around one clamped nipple. I moaned in sheer ecstasy. This wasn’t supposed to feel good, but it did.
Sarah was completely focused and controlled, never uttering a word. The only sounds were my own stifled moans, and the faint whisperings of the butches who were having their fill of the show.
Sarah James, I discovered that night, was a freak.
And a frigging psycho.
While she tongued my nipples, one hand traveled down between my spread thighs to slide two fingers inside me. She removed the vibrator, held it up, and gave me a crooked smile. “You’re so turned on, Krissan Kingston.”
The vibrator went right inside her mouth, and she sucked it off and moved in to kiss me. Flowingly, softly, smoothly.
Breaking the kiss, she licked her lips and continued, “Just bear in mind when I start sucking on that sweet, pink clit of yours: the quicker you come, the sooner you die. I’d hold out if I were you.”
Just like that, she dropped down to her knees and began sucking me. I moaned out loud at the sudden attack of pleasure, and even if I wanted to writhe, I couldn’t with my stance. I just had to take it as she gave it.
And, boy, she was giving it.
Through hooded eyes, I watched as she used one hand to rub herself, groaning erotic sounds against me. If I said that didn’t send my pleasure-ridden body out of control, I’d be lying. I was going to come. A woman was going to make me come. Sarah James was going to make me come.
And then, I was going to die.
The shrill of a ringing cellphone broke through the thick waves of pleasure. Whoever’s phone it was, they let it ring out. But as soon as it stopped ringing, it started again. That made Sarah pause her tongue punishing, and I was glad for the reprieve. Slowly, she turned her head to glare at the group of dazed, horny-looking butches.
Just glared, no words.
Braided Butch snapped out of her haze and reached down to feel her pocket. “Oh shit, it’s mine.” She took out her phone and looked at the screen. “Fuck wifey’s timing.”
Eyes still licentiously raking over me and Sarah, Braided Butch reluctantly got up from her chair and wandered off into distant darkness to answer the call.
Sarah turned back to me and resumed her punishment.
Closing my eyes, I began weeping inwardly, unwilling to embrace the intense pleasure I was feeling, because I knew it was wrong. But it wasn’t anything I could control.
Before I had the chance to be good, I’d chosen to be bad. Because of a boy who had impossible golden eyes and the most perfect hair I’d ever seen. Because of a boy who made my stomach feel weird, and made me dream dreams that would never come true. Because of a boy who made me want and need. He made me choose bad instead of good. That same boy who I stopped loving the minute I started loving him …

My eyes were wide as I watched the almost naked women dance to bad music on Jahleel’s computer screen. They had big boobies and big bottoms, and they were moving around in ways I knew my new Mom and Dad would disapprove of.
We were sitting in Jahleel’s bed and were covered under his big, fluffy sheet with his shiny laptop between us. We did that a lot when our Mom and Dad were not at home. Ever since I moved here at six years old, we hid and watched bad stuff on Jahleel’s computer. I was eight now, and we still did it. He never left me alone. He always wanted me to be where he was. But I always wanted to be where he was, too, so it never bothered me that he always took my hand and led me away from Trey.
I pulled my eyes away from the computer screen and peeked across at the boy I liked with the perfect hair. The boy who I wished wasn’t my brother. That way, I could tell my new friends at my new school I have a boyfriend who has perfect hair and eyes that shine.
His eyes were like the color of the golden Easter eggs our Sunday school teacher sent us out in the field to search for at Easter time.
Now they looked dreamy as he watched the women on the screen. So, I asked him, “Do you like them?”
“Huh?” he said. His eyes were still glued to the screen.
“The women on the computer. Do you like them?”
He smiled the smile I liked to see, the one where only one side of his lips tips up, and you only see a little bit of his teeth. But he was still looking at the women on the computer screen and not at me. “Yeah. That’s why I watch them.”
I played with the edges of his fluffy, red sheet, and asked another question, even though I knew he didn’t like answering lots of questions. “What do you feel when you look at them?”
His cheeks got red, and he turned his head to look at me. Finally! I just loved it when those eyes looked at me and only me. “I feel a lot of strange feelings. Feelings that make me want to touch them to see how they feel.” His cheeks reddened more and he looked away. “Or touch … myself.”
“Touch yourself? How?”
That question made him smile my favorite smile again. He reached over and touched my lips, and I got that weird tummy feeling I always got whenever he touched my lips. “You won’t understand, bad girl. But I will explain one day.”
He just looked at me. And then he touched me. “What do you feel when you look at me? Do you want to touch yourself, too?”
His smile disappeared, and his upset look appeared, the one where something flicked in his jaw, then he looked back to the computer screen. “Like I said, you wouldn’t understand.”
At that very moment, I made myself stop loving him and his stupid hair and his stupid touch. I couldn’t make him feel like the women in the video made him feel. Because I was a little girl with no boobies and no big bottom, and I drank milk and ate cookies.
I was his sister.
I wished his stupid parents wouldn’t have adopted me and brought me to this stupid house. Because then I wouldn’t feel this pain in my chest.
Gripping the edges of his sheet, I made up my mind I wouldn’t let anyone’s touch make me get weird feelings in my tummy again. I would grow boobies and have a big bottom one day, and I would be the one to make boys with perfect hair feel pain in their chests. I was going to be a bad girl. And I would only let myself fall in love with the boy who wants to touch himself when he looks at me.
With my little mind made up on how my life would be, I asked Jahleel another question without looking at him — because now since I didn’t love him anymore, I didn’t need to look at him when I talked, just like he didn’t look at me, but at the women on the computer screen when he spoke.
“What happens to bad people?”
From the corner of my eye, I saw him turn his head to look at me, but I didn’t look at him, because he had taught me how to be bad. How to not look at people like they mean anything to me, and how to not feel. “They die.”
Bad people die.
I lay back on a pillow and looked up at his pretty painted ceiling. An angel with a golden harp was smiling down at me. Her eyes almost looked as if they were begging me not to make the decision to be bad. Not to make the decision to die.
But, my mind was already made up, so, I stuck my tongue out at her.

The vibration of a feral cry forcing its way up my lungs dragged me from my memories. I stiffened, quieted, and then I spiraled down into orgasm’s abyss with an earsplitting scream.
Sarah made long, feline swipes with her tongue, petting me, until the shudders of my orgasm dissipated.
Holy mother o’ orgasms!
Afterwards, she straightened to her feet, took off the nipple clamps, and looked at me. “You taste real good, Miss Kingston. I can see why my fiancé was intrigued.” Her tongue passed over her lips. “Too bad he isn’t anymore.”
Sarah strode away from me with purpose. A new aim. The fun part was over.
Too soon, she was back in front of me, holding a small, black gun. My gaze shifted to the butches, and only one of them was watching the scene now. The rest of them were either staring down in their glasses of amber liquid or looking anywhere but at me, waiting for the blow, but not wanting to see it.
I also noticed Braided Butch’s chair was still empty. That phone call must have been an important one for her to have missed the climax of the scene.
Raising the hand holding the gun, Sarah laughed wryly and said, “Remember when you were at the club earlier tonight, Krissan Kingston, and you made gun fingers and pretended to blow your head off?”
I was being followed all night?
Knowing her question was rhetorical, I didn’t answer.
“Be careful, everything you do at every second, every minute, every hour, every day of your life is important, no matter how small or trivial it may seem to you. If you don’t want something, don’t wish for it. Because most times, wishes come true.”
The gun was now aimed right at the center of my forehead. I slammed my eyes shut, squeezing them tight as I waited, because I didn’t know if getting a bullet to the head would be painful or not. So I cut off my sight and waited for the unknown.
Death.
Because bad girls die.
In a sultry voice, I heard her bid, “Say hello to Johnson for me.”
A loud explosion promptly ensued, and my left ear instantly went deaf as hot heat zinged past it. My right ear began ringing so loud, I wanted to move my hand and cover it. But I couldn’t. I couldn’t move because I was dead.
“Fuck!” I heard Sarah hiss through my ringing ear.
Another explosion went off, and then another and another and another. I heard groans, thuds, and more explosions.
Okay, I was confused. Was I dead or not? If I tried opening my eyes, would I succeed? I tried, and, yes, they opened.
What I saw made me gasp.
Sarah was lying on the ground with her right hand clutching her left shoulder, and her gun was resting at distance from her. One of her legs was bent, while the other was straight and bleeding. She was shot in the shoulder and thigh.
I looked up, and the butches who’d were lined off in front of me earlier, where now scattered in different directions of the room, their guns lying at a distance from them as they all nursed gunshot wounds. The one who wore the red ball cap was gurgling up blood and making choking sounds, her weapon just a slip away from her fingers. Until she stopped gurgling, made a gasping sound, and took her last breath. Dead.
Shit.
The only one not nursing a gunshot wound was Braided Butch, who had gotten up to answer her cellphone earlier. But she was held at gunpoint by a steroid-ridden, bald-headed man, her eyes bulging from their sockets as she stared in horror at her dead friend. A pretty blond girl, standing to the left of Braided Butch, was sobbing quietly behind the duct tape plastered across her lips, her hands bound behind her back. I guess she was the wife who phoned earlier?
Slowly, I shifted my eyes to him.
But he wasn’t looking at me, he was looking at a crumpled Sarah on the floor as he made his way around prone bodies to get to her. Stopping over her, he aimed his gun at her head just as Natalio shouted, “She’s not worth it, Trev! Don’t.”
Stilling clutching her bleeding shoulder, Sarah looked up at him and smiled. “Do it, Trev.” She coughed. “I always knew you’d be the death of me.”
Trevillo’s jaw worked back and forth. “Well, in that case … ”
I shut my eyes and turned my head, not wanting to see the man I love take someone’s life, even if it was for me. A fusillade of shots went off, until there was just a constant clicking sound.
Opening my eyes, I looked back at him and saw he’d shifted the gun to the right of Sarah’s head and emptied the clip into the ground instead. I sighed in relief.
“You’ve always been wrong,” he told her. “You’re the devil’s fucking bride, Sarah.”
He dropped his gun on her stomach and started to turn away from her, but stopped when she said, “But, Trev, you’re the devil, remember?” She lifted her bloody hand and wiped it across her mouth, leaving smears on blood on her lips. “So, whose bride am I?”
Making a pained sound, she began clutching her wounded shoulder again. “Let that girl be if you love her this much. You’re noxious. You’re toxic. You’ll destroy her, destroyer.”
Trevillo didn’t reply; he just stared blankly at her, his jaw working back and forth as if considering her words. He then turned to me, not meeting my eyes, and went straight to unclamping the manacles from around my feet.
When they were free, he muttered with his head down, “Don’t try moving yet. Gotta undo your arms.”
His voice was empty, void of any emotion, and I didn’t know which pained more: my sore muscles, or the fact that he wouldn’t look at me.
Obviously, Sarah had lied about him setting this up and being her fiancé. But there was no point in rejoicing, now that he found me repulsive. If he found it hard to look me in the eyes, that meant he didn’t want me anymore. I was longer his chosen. First it was catching me in the act with Jahleel, and now this.
With my hands freed, they dropped like dead weight. I couldn’t move even a finger. With the restraints no longer stretching me apart, my debilitated body collapsed forward. Trevillo caught me before I hit the floor, and my head lolled and smacked against his chest.
Holding me with care, he shifted my feet off the blocks of wood and gently brought them together so he could cradle me. As he started marching off with me in his arms, I felt a jacket being placed over me.
Looking up, I saw Natalio carefully trying to cover up the horridness of this night.
“Could you at least pretend to not fucking look, asshole?” Trevillo gritted out.
Natalio ignored his brother and continued to cover me up as best as he could with the jacket. “This is some messed up shit, man.”
“Yeah, well, take care of it. It’s what you do best.”
“What do you want us to do with Milo?” Natalio asked, stepping back now that I was covered.
“Do I look like I give a shit?”
Natalio chuckled. “You have her in your arms, safe, and you still can’t be calm for even one goddamn minute?”
“Fuck you, and fuck calm.” I wasn’t looking at Trevillo, but I could tell he was glowering at his brother. “What if this was Sadie?”
A menacing shadow passed over Natalio’s face, and he nodded. “Understood.”
Settling his hands on his hips, Natalio glanced around the cellar and sighed. “Take your girl home, brother. I’ll take care of this mess. I have enough dirt against Sarah to call in a favor from Serg and flip this around, make ourselves look like heroes.”
Turning his sapphire-blue eyes down to me, he pinched my nose and gave me a compassionate smile. “It’s good to have you back alive and — ” His sentence was cut off as Trevillo strode off with me. And I could hear him chuckling as we got farther away.
Weariness hit me with a bang as Trevillo marched out of the cellar, my eyes growing unbearably heavy. Cold air bit into my skin as we reached outside. Through hooded slits, I saw a couple of men in black milling about. A few of them offered Trevillo their assistance with me, but he declined and strode straight to a waiting vehicle, where a suited man held the door open.
With awkward movements, Trevillo slid into the back, not releasing me. The door closed, and we sped off.
The smooth ride of the vehicle and the intermittent intrusion of streetlights slicing through the car’s darkness pushed me deeper into drowsiness. Trevillo’s tight hold since he’d cradled me in the cellar never once loosened. Even though he could’ve set me down on the car seat so I would be more comfortable, he didn’t. He just kept me cradled, but never once looked at or spoke to me.
In a fatigued voice, I let him know, “Trev, I love you.”
No reply came. But it didn’t matter, I loved him still.
Just as I was giving in to sleep, I felt a drop of wetness hit my face. Blinking rapidly, I pried open my eyes and peered up at him. Shrouded in desolation, he was staring, unblinking, out the window of the car.
And he was crying.



Chapter 29
K. Kingston
Staying
At some point during the break of dawn, I fuzzily awakened, eyes flickering open. I blinked into recognition the familiar surroundings of Trevillo’s bedroom. I was tucked in from the neck down under a thick comforter, and the quiet humming of the air-conditioner was soothing.
Consciousness brought with it pain, as the aches in my joints penetrated again, reminding me of my near-death experience, while a turbulent headache roared back to existence.
I wanted to go back to sleep. Being awake was taking too much energy. Lazy as they were, my eyes shifted around the room and stuck on the silhouette of Trevillo. He was sitting in an arm chair in the small sitting area of the room, his shoulders slumped forward, his head in his hands. He was so still, I wondered if he was breathing.
He was oblivious to my wakefulness, so I decided not to disturb him. To fathom how he felt at that moment, with all he’d seen, all that had happened in one night, would be improbable for me. The best thing to do, I figured, was to let him have some time to his own thoughts, to decide whether he still wanted me to be his chosen or not.
His chosen. Of course I still wanted to be his chosen. His apostrophe S.
But he no longer owed me anything. He saved my life. And before that, he unhesitatingly forgave me for willingly and forcefully cheating. For that reason, I wouldn’t force him to stay with me. I divulged to him earlier something I’d kept even from myself: I loved him. A piece of additional knowledge to aid in his decision — that’s if he was wavering on a decision.
At first, he’d been my Again. Then I fell. Hard. Now, I wanted him to be my Forever. Despite all that happened, I loved him, and I didn’t want to stop. I wanted to be a fool for him, forgive all his wrongs, be his enabler. Let him destroy me. Ruin me. Be with me. Just be with me and never leave.
For now, all I could do was close my eyes, revisit sleep to soothe this hammering headache, and send an invocation to the Father above that I’d still be Trev’s when I next woke.

The feel of a wet, warm cloth wiping over the aching areas on my body hauled me from sleep’s grip. I felt like I’d slept for a decade. With a few rapid blinks, vision became clear and revealed a plump, middle-aged woman dressed in all-white, tending to the angry, red welts on my skin.
Noticing I was awake, she smiled. “Miss Kingston, hi. I’m Mary. I’m here to attend to you. How are you feeling?”
A weak smile was all she got, as I let my eyes do a sweep around the room. I was still in Trevillo’s bed — good. The chair he was sitting in earlier this morning, held Marsha instead of him — bad.
Marsha had one hand covering her mouth as she watched me with eyes I knew were fighting not to leak tears. She was a lot like me. We didn’t do the whole waterworks thing, and when a situation was deserving of tears, we tried to laugh instead and pretend it wasn’t all that serious. Though I was shocked to see her there, I was also grateful for her presence.
Eyes shifting back to Mary, I told her, “I’m fine. Just thirsty.”
My condition wasn’t so bad that Trevillo had to go and get me a caretaker. I was just abducted, whipped a few times, and given an orgasm by a female’s tongue while I stood precariously on the brink of death. It’s not like I had a gunshot wound, broken legs, or knife slashes. What I had were minor injuries I could take care of myself.
Mary’s smile was steady as she set the warm rag she used to clean the welts in a basin on the floor and picked it up. “Okay, that’s good. I’ll get you a glass of water. I also have some soup prepared.”
Acknowledging her words, I nodded.
By then, Marsha was out of the armchair and heading towards the bed. Seating herself on the edge, she took my hand in hers and raised an eyebrow. “Well, don’t you have a habit of going missing?”
Finally given the opportunity to laugh, I did. “This time, I didn’t pull a runner. I got snatched by a psycho bitch. Right outside my house.”
Marsha smiled, but there was concern behind it. “I know. Mr. Hot Mogul told me what happened. He called me out of my bed around six this morning. Told me there was a car outside my house, and I should pack a bag and get in. Ordered me, actually. When I got here, he told me about the abduction, how you almost died. He asked me to stay here for awhile, so you had someone familiar around.”
Panic tried climbing up my throat. I took a breath and swallowed it. “So, w-where will he be?”
“Don’t know,” she answered with a shrug. “Just said he wouldn’t be around for a while, because he has some important things to deal with.”
Really? Important things to deal with? More important than me all bruised up in his flipping bed?
“He’s running again,” I whispered, staring off at nothing. “He’s a freakin’ coward. That’s what he is.”
“Why do you think that?” Marsha inquired. “He was visibly suffering from this. You should’ve seen him, Krissy K. He looked like shit.”
“And I don’t?!” I half-yelled at her.
Indignation harassed me, and I tried shaking it off by attempting to speak in a gentler tone. “It’s his style to disappear when shit gets difficult. His excuse is always he’s ‘never done this before’. Well then, how the hell is he ever going to learn how to deal with anything if he keeps freakin’ running? I’m the one who almost took a bullet in the head because he couldn’t keep it in his pants. And even after all that, all I want to do is be with him. Not run. Even though it’s clear being with him is nothing but danger. Straight-up danger. And you don’t see me running, do you?!”
My voice had crescendoed with every word, and by the time I got to the end, I was panting. I, Krissan Kingston, knew how to keep cool, in all things, yet I couldn’t help the ire striating me at the moment.
“Now, now, Miss Kingston, you need to relax,” Mary crooned as came back into the room holding a tray with a porcelain bowl of soup and a tall glass of water.
I sat up in bed with my back against the headboard so she could rest the tray on my lap.
“Be sure to drink all the soup. Mr. Nelson said — ”
“Tell Mr. Nelson I said he should go fuck himself!”
Mary’s lip flattened disapprovingly. Ignoring my outburst, she carried on, “You have to eat. Not for Mr. Nelson, but for yourself.” She pointed to a little bell on the nightstand and told me, “Ring this bell if you need anything.”
I gaped at her as she turned and walked out of the room. I looked to Marsha. “Can you believe this shit? A bell? Really? How old am I? Ninety-nine?”
Marsha burst out laughing. “Maybe that’s the natural treatment when you’re screwing a billionaire?”
Anger was blazing through me, and I couldn’t contain it. I wanted to hurt Trevillo. Badly. How auspicious that he was nowhere in my radius at that moment, because I’d blow my shit all over him.
It wasn’t the fact that he’d abandoned me ‘for a while’ because things might be too cumbersome for him take in right now that infuriated me. It was because I didn’t know if, this time, he would come back to me.
You see, Trevillo always came back to me, and I always took him back, because, as much as he was new to this relationship thing, I was too. But this time, things were different, more serious. Mistakes were made, some more daring than others, which gave a man quite a lot to think about. And the thought of not knowing whether he’d chosen to love me or let me go was both nerve-wracking and exasperating.
Earlier that morning, when I awoke and saw him sitting distraught in the armchair, I was willing to understand and take it in stride if it turned out he no longer wanted me.
Now, however, I wasn’t.
I had enough sleep since then, and now the sensible side of my brain was working quite well. I was coherent enough to know without a doubt I wasn’t willing to give him up. I wanted him to look past my stupid act of revenge — letting another man slip inside me. I wanted him to look past me being ignominiously stretched out and driven to orgasm in front of a string of unknown butches. I wanted him to look past the fact his brother and everyone else at the scene had seen me stark naked, vulnerable and helpless. I wanted him to look past all of it and stay with me.
The chances of that happening were slim, I knew. Because he had never been able to even look at me, or utter a word of comfort. Had it been too much in one night? Too much for him to digest?
A part of me was telling me I should just leave and go home, that this fight would yield no desirable results. But then, that would be me running, too. That would be me being too much of a coward to take the hard truth.
For all I knew, this was what he wanted: for me to leave out of anger and vexation. That way, it would seem as though I was the one who ran from the brashness of this situation and not him.
If we kept running from each other, we’d never be together. Someone had to stay. Someone had to wait. Someone had to have faith.
Therefore, I wasn’t going to leave.
I had pulled the runner on men ever since I lost my V-card. I ran from commitment, love, relationships. I ran from sharing myself, too selfish to do so. I ran because I never before had a reason to stay.
Not this time. This time, I wanted commitment. I wanted a relationship. I wanted love. I wanted to share myself. This time, I wanted to stay. There was a reason to stay. That reason was because Trevillo Marco-Dean Nelson had my heart. He had taken it because it belonged to him, and I never want him to give it back.
He barged into my empty, pointless life and filled it to the brim with himself. All of himself. He found all the dark, numb corners, shone his own dark light in them and made me feel. He wasn’t an angel or a white knight, a savior, or a safe, innocuous, decent man. He was just Trevillo Nelson — as flawed as the fallen angel with sins unhidden, and I loved every bit of him from his filthy mouth to his twisted edge. I loved it all.
So I wasn’t going to move a muscle out of this penthouse. I was going to stay and let life and love prove to me they weren’t overrated.

An entire week blew past, and Trevillo hadn’t made a single visit to the apartment. Neither did he call — well, he didn’t call me.
He spoke frequently with Mary about my wellbeing, and he even phoned Marsha, apologizing for keeping her from her family and business, and told her he would have her daughter picked up so she could stay at the penthouse with us, too, until he ‘got back’.
I was a bit surprised when Marsha agreed to that. Why?
Well, Claire, Marsha’s three year old daughter, was an enigma. Marsha sequestered her from this side of the world. She was my best friend, yet I’d only seen her daughter twice: on the cold, rainy night Claire was born, and another time when I’d made a surprise visit at Marsha’s house; Claire had been five months old then — a chubby bundle of kicking and constant wailing.
Most of Claire’s three year old life was spent in Silicon Valley with Marsha’s sister. One would almost think Marsha didn’t love her child, what with the way she kept her from both herself and her friends. So much so, that sometimes I forgot she even had a child. That damn Prime Douche!
Trevillo also relayed notice through Marsha that the deadline for Skylark’s completion was extended. For me, work at Skylark was on hold, and I needn’t worry about leaving the apartment.
As if I was ever going to. I only left the apartment once, and that was to get a check-up at my gynecologist, then straight back ‘home’.
I had a strong feeling Trevillo’s demand that I don’t leave the apartment was another test of his, to see if I’d respond by doing the opposite of what he said in rebellion.
Normally, I would have done the opposite, especially when it came to work, because I was serious about my work, never allowing anything to get in between, and he knew that. Not this time, though.
If the boss said work was on hold, then work was on hold.
The following week, I tried to convince Mary I didn’t need a caretaker by doing a couple reps of jumping-jacks, sit-ups and push-ups, showing her I was walking, talking, breathing and living just as any other normal human being. Surprisingly, she agreed, and passed on that bit to ‘Mr. Nelson’. Then, she was out.
Trevillo knew he was being a supreme dick, so his ass was trying to surround me with people, in the hope they would blur my vision of him being a supreme dick. If his craven ass didn’t want to be with me anymore, then he should meet me eye to eye and tell me that.
Dick.


“Really, Marsh, aren’t you losing money at your salon by wasting your days here with me?” I asked her one day.
Having Marsha around was great, I loved her. Her craziness helped ease my mind off things at times. However, I figured if she wasn’t around, if no one was around for that matter, Trevillo would be forced to face me. He wouldn’t call Jahleel; I was sure of that. Plus, if Jahleel were to ever know what happened, he’d fight Trevillo to the death to get me away from him.
“Well, yeah. But you mean more to me than money, Krissy K.”
She was sitting in a sofa chair across from me in the living room, looking rather fidgety, her feet close together, bouncing up and down, her fingers drumming restlessly over her kneecaps as she stared at the television. I linked her anxiousness to Claire’s pending arrival. Claire was supposed to be with us since last week, but Marsha had kept putting it off.
Dragging her jittery gaze from the television, she looked over at me with sincerity. “I just want to be sure you’re one hundred percent A-okay before I leave your side. What happened was pretty fucked-up. You almost died, and you’re acting like it isn’t a big deal. I don’t know how you do it.”
That’s because losing Trevillo is a much bigger deal, I mused, flicking my cellphone over and over in my hand, hoping, as I did each day, it would ring, and Trevillo’s name would flash across the screen.
But it never did. And, at the end of each day when I didn’t receive that hoped-for call, I sent him a text message: You. Are. A. Coward.
He never texted back.
Marsha was still being a big bundle of nerves across from me, and I decided to ask her a question that would hopefully piss her off and send her leaving in a fit of pique.
“Is he paying you to stay with me?”
Her feet stopped bouncing, but she didn’t look at me when she acrimoniously bit out, “He wanted to, but I declined. Because a real friend shouldn’t have to be paid to be around.” Her offended eyes flicked over to me. “Instead of being a bitch to everyone, you could say thank — ”
Abruptly, she stopped and narrowed her eyes at me. This was Marsha I was dealing with, I should’ve known she’d catch on to my ploy. “Nice try, Krissy K. But, since you wanna play that game … ” She smirked. “How did it feel to fuck your brother?”
Feigning indifference, I started to ask, “How do you know — ”
“Oh, c’mon! Don’t even try to act like nothing happened between you two,” she said with a scoff. “You were all but screwing each other on the dance floor at the club. Tongues and deep kissing and ass grabbing, then all of a sudden, you were both missing. It wouldn’t take a seasoned whore to figure out what happened.”
“I didn’t … we never … we only — ”
Marsha sucked air through her teeth. “You don’t have to explain. That shit was inevitable. It was obvious to everyone but you that JK’s balls deep in lust with you, Krissy K.”
I was never oblivious to it, I wanted to tell her. I just purposely and spitefully ignored his feelings. Same as he’d ignored mine when I was drowning in them.
Looking over at Marsha, I knew she wanted to hate me but couldn’t, because I was her best friend, and she had no choice but to love me. Marsha had always been in love with Jahleel, and for some dumb reason she wouldn’t let herself stop loving him. All he ever did was use her, and she let him. Over and over. Trying to give her advice was futile. So I butted out and let her do what made her feel … fulfilled.
I, however, knew Jahleel. And I knew for a fact he was never going to settle with Marsha. It didn’t matter how strong or high her hope candle flamed.
To cool off the tension, I got up and went to the kitchen for a drink. Feeling peckish, I grabbed a vanilla Greek yogurt and plopped down on a barstool at the breakfast bar.
A few minutes later, I heard the elevator doors open, and there was the squeal of a little girl’s voice saying “Mommy!”
Claire had arrived.
I decided to give Marsha some alone time with her daughter and went to grab a shower. Truth was, kids weren’t exactly my scene. I wouldn’t say I hated them, because that would make people look at me like I was a she-devil. But, for me, kids were annoying: chatty, whiny, and asked too many damn questions. So I kept as far away from them as possible, lest I might do something like pinch them, gag them, or stuff them in a barrel and roll it down a hill.
An hour later, fresh from my shower, I wandered back out to the living room, scrolling through my cellphone. Claire said something, and I glanced up. I felt an invisible fist punch to my stomach as I stopped dead in my tracks at the sight of Marsha and Claire.
It wasn’t unusual to see a mother bonding with her daughter, no. It was that the daughter was the spitting image of …
“Oh my God,” I whispered, and at those words, twin tears rolled down Marsha’s cheeks as she kept her eyes trained on the television.
Claire was sitting on her mother’s lap, looking up at me with that curious gaze children tend to look at unfamiliar people with.
I felt all the blood drain from my face as her light-gold eyes grew bored with looking at me and shifted back to the television. Her mass of thick, sandy-brown hair was caught up in a curly ponytail, and her nose … her lips … everything was …
“Oh my God,” I whispered again, unable to move from the spot where I was rooted.
Marsha still hadn’t looked in my direction. A few shocking minutes past before I finally found words other than, ‘Oh my God’.
“Does he know?”
Marsha shook her head from side to side, and the tears came harder, silently.
Taking tentative steps toward the sofa, I sat down beside her. “But, why would you keep it from him?”
That did it. Marsha broke down. She dropped her face in her hands and began crying. I reached over and started to lift Claire onto my lap, but she slapped my hand and squealed, “No! You maken my mommy cwy. Stop maken my mommy cwy!”
I promptly moved my hands and gaped. This is definitely a mini Marsha.
“I-I can’t,” Marsha finally said.
“Why not? He deserves to know, Marsh.”
She wiped her eyes with the heels of her hands. “Because … I did it on my own.”
What?
“Marsh, I’m pretty sure it takes two to dance that dance.”
“Yes,” she agreed. “But, he always uses a condom.”
Expelling a breath, I flopped back on the sofa, confounded. “Okay, I’m confused. I’m not sure how — ”
“Turkey baster.”
Way past bewilderment at this point, my eyes blinked at fifty reps per second as I asked, “W-w-what?”
“I stole his sperm, okay?” She looked at me then. “I stole his sperm and got myself pregnant!”
What the fuck?
I couldn’t begin to imagine what expression I wore at that moment. “But, I don’t understand … you were engaged.”
“I did it before Dev proposed,” she explained. “I never really thought it would work. I still hid and slept with him even when I was with Dev. Then one night, I don’t know what got into me, I just did it. I was so consumed with love for him … ”
She trailed off and wiped away a fresh set of tears as they poured down her face. “Shortly after, Dev proposed. I accepted because I honestly didn’t think it would work. Dev had suspicions after Claire was born. Took a paternity test … he was so distraught. Dev loved me to no end, Krissy K. Would’ve given me his own heart if mine failed. Yet … ”
… you continued to let Grade-A Asshole use you like toilet paper to wipe his ass, while you flush a good, promising life laid out for you right down the drain.
I was reeling. This was some obsessive, messed-up shit. To think I hated Dev all these years, nicknaming him Prime Douche, badmouthing him … the poor guy.
“You can’t keep it from him,” I firmly told her. “I don’t care how Claire came about, but she’s his, and he deserves to know.”
With pleading eyes, she begged, “Please, Krissy K, don’t tell him! I just wanted you to know. You’re my best friend, and it was eating me up. But don’t tell him.”
“You know I love him too much, Marsh,” I replied, shaking my head. “He’s everything to me. I can’t keep something like this from him.”
“You can’t tell him,” she cried. “Please — ”
Abruptly, I shot up from the sofa, suddenly feeling pissed-off at the whole goddamn world. “You’re screwed-up in the head, Marsh, so I’ll give you some time to sort your shit out. But that little girl is not going to see her fourth birthday without knowing who her father is. If you don’t tell him before that, I will!”
Stomping off to the bedroom, I slammed the door behind me, flopped faced-down onto the bed, and screamed into the comforter. I wasn’t sure what I was more angry about: the fact my first love had a daughter he didn’t know about, who also hated my guts and might never speak to me again, or the fact that my new love no longer wanted me to be his chosen.
Screw you, Life. Screw you!



Chapter 30
T. Nelson
Assholes = One Chance
He shouldn’t be here.
He knew where he should be, where he belonged. But, was he there? No.
Instead, he was here, imbibing alcohol while watching a nude, voluptuous Brazilian snake her waist in front of him. He couldn’t find it in himself to lift his hand to touch her. Neither would he allow her to touch him. All he could do was watch her narrow waist and wide hips undulate, forcing the pretense things were still the way they used to be.
Before her.
Before her, he didn’t give a shit about the opposite sex for anything more than sexual gratification. Before her, he didn’t harbor or encourage attached feelings and emotions. Before her, he was so untangled he would touch, feel, finger, and he would let Miss Big Butt Brazilian touch, feel, suck …
But then, he’d laid eyes on her who shall not be named. And, just like that, he firmly gripped his own lapels and dragged himself down into that ineffable place overridden and bursting with emotions. The place where dumb, muddleheaded idiots tended fall into. Thing was, he hadn’t fallen into that place. He voluntarily dove off, head first.
He chose to be in that place.
No one had warned him about the ugly, painful parts of being in love. He learned on his own that, in love, the craziest unrequested load of shit could happen, too. Things that made his heart pound so furiously fast, he thought it would explode. Things that made him see nothing but red and darkness and irrationality. Things that made him want to kill without remorse. Things that made him cry without shame. Things that made him want to fucking die.
Then die again.
He also learned, in love, infallibility was an incapability — people screwed up sometimes. He screwed up. She screwed up. And before either of them could even forgive each other, a part of his screw-up decided to screw both of them.
What a fucking screw-up!
And, even after all those screw-ups, he was, right now, at this very goddamn moment when he should be unscrewing the previous screw-ups, screwing up.
Conscience reasoned with him loud and clear, reasoning led to pleading, pleading led to berating, but all Trevillo managed to do was lift his glass of Crown Royal whiskey to his mouth and sip, while his uninterested gaze roamed over the naked Brazilian in front of him.
He was in his V.I.P. room with his buddies, partially — on his side — doing what he once thought was fun and normal, before he’d chosen to love.
Mark and Nardo were over on the far left nailing the same chick, as was their custom. And Zane, even though he had a girl gyrating on his lap, was glaring at him.
The reason behind Zane’s glare was unbeknownst to Trevillo, but he didn’t care to know. He didn’t care about anything, as a matter of fact. He just waited for the whiskey to kick in and start numbing his brain, blurring out those images of her from his mind.
He was more than willing to let himself live with the image of her legs wrapped around another man’s waist. But the subsequent image? Swallowing that one was a lot harder. That image hadn’t left a hole in his head like the previous image had, it left a fucking chasm. Not even the large liters of alcohol he consumed over the last few weeks softened the enormous pill of the image so he could swallow it.
His angel. His delicate angel’s feather. Stretched out like a goddamn animal, naked, welted, half-fucking-dead with a gun aimed at her head and a string of strangers watching like it was a goddamn movie. Had it not been for his ‘keep-calm’ brother, he would’ve murdered every last one of them.
Trevillo knew what she sounded like when she was having an orgasm. Not just an orgasm, but a mind-blowing orgasm. And that beautiful sound, which shouldn’t have been heard by anyone but him, was heard by all. No joke, he wanted to slaughter everyone who had ears to hear.
That damn Natalio.
Now, how did he face her when she almost lost her life because of him? How did he comfort her? What would he say? How would he be sure her kind smiles wouldn’t be concealing resentment? How would he be sure her love would be genuine and not an obligation because he ‘saved’ her, even though he was the one who’d put her in harm’s way to begin with?
After that catastrophic disaster, she’d told him she loved him. However, she had revealed those words from a brain bogged in the heaviness of drugs, pain, weariness, and fright. Of course, those words would be automatically told to whomever comforted her after such plight. Therefore, the authenticity of those words was still in question.
Since the incident, he just upped and left her in his home. No word, no sight of him, nothing. On some level, he did it as a test to see if she still wanted him even after abandoning her in such a hard time.
I’m seeking verification, he told himself, knowing that Krissan was obstinate, overly mature with a mind of her own, and took no one’s bullshit. That little five-feet-one, fairy-voice spit fire was the kind of girl who told him straight up if she thought he was being an asshole. His wealth and status didn’t intimidate her in the least.
He should be there for her after what happened, and he knew she knew that. So he figured when she found out he wouldn’t be around ‘for a while’ from a mouth that wasn’t his, the emotionless, don’t-give-a-shit Krissan Kingston would, of course, leave.
Yet, as the days flitted in an out, she remained there. Never leaving. Gave no arguments about her work being on pause, gave no arguments about anything, for that matter.
She was staying.
With him.
Even with proof Krissan might still want him, and her love confession was authentic, Trevillo found he couldn’t face her, proving her words true: he was a coward.
Though, he wasn’t sure just what he was afraid of.
No longer able to ignore Zane’s glare, Trevillo raised his eyes and glared back across the room at him. “What, huh? What?” Leaning forward, he angrily shoved the Brazilian across the room to Zane. “You want the bitch? Take her, and take your fucking eyes off me, fag.”
Earlier, Trevillo showed up at the club before Zane and called the new Brazilian up to the V.I.P. room with him. She arrived just two days ago and was already being acclaimed as the sexiest thing in the club. So Trevillo could only assume Zane’s glare was on account of him keeping her occupied. He couldn’t come up with another reason. Zane was the one friend he almost never had an argument with, because they understood each other too well and knew when to back off.
With an exasperated shake of his head, Zane ordered everyone out of the room. Mark and Nardo included.
When the room was cleared, leaving them as the only occupants, he looked at Trevillo and shot straight, “What’re you doing here, man?”
“Excuse me?”
Zane leaned forward in his seat, dropping his elbows on his thighs. “Look, I know you, man, and you’re not yourself. You haven’t been anything like yourself for a while now. In fact, you haven’t been to the club lately unless it’s an urgent matter. Now you’re here drinking yourself into oblivion and I know, I know what that is … because I’ve been there.”
Trevillo brought his glass to his mouth and took a drink of his liquor. “Don’t know what you’re talking about, man.”
“No?” Zane said, giving him his famous don’t-bullshit-me glare. “Then who was that girl I heard you blackened Mark’s eye for?”
“Someone.”
“Yeah. Someone. Someone you’re in love with. Someone younger. Someone who’s better than you. And someone who’s heart you’re breaking at the moment.” Zane sighed. “I can tell you, Trev; you’re only gonna to regret it in the end.”
“Still don’t know what you’re talking about,” Trevillo dragged.
Zane’s shoulders jerked up in a shrug. “Go ahead and continue being an asswipe. Now, your obstinacy will not allow you to hear me. But, at some point, whether it’s in the near or far future, when regret starts needling you in the ass, you’re gonna listen to what you’ve heard.”
When Zane didn’t get a rejoinder from Trevillo, he proceeded.
“Axia Victoria Blacksille. I loved that girl with every fiber of my being. The love I had for her wasn’t something that just ‘happened’. I set my eyes on her in college, I set my mind on her, and then my heart. I knew I wanted to love her. Even if she didn’t love me back, it wouldn’t matter, because I wanted to love her.
“But for Zane Zekiel, life’s always favorable. Axia loved me back. Harder than I did her. And what did I do when she loved me back with everything she had? I panicked and messed up. It was too much. Too much feelings. Too much emotion. Too much shit I didn’t know how to deal with.”
Zane let out a strangled laugh as he said, “I wanted to compartmentalize. Tone it down a bit. So I could control things. Control the overwhelming burst of emotions I got whenever I was around her.
“So, I half broke-up with her. In my mind, I wasn’t leaving her completely. Just toning things down. After all, I thought I was in control of things, her love for me and my love for her.”
Reaching forward for his glass of alcohol, he took a long drink before continuing. “I’d go back to her, and then leave her when emotions started climbing again, and then I’d go back to her, then leave again … Over and over, selfishly not considering how my actions might be affecting her. But I thought … she was mine. I mean, I chose her. I thought she would always love me.”
On a weighty sigh, Zane looked across at him. “And you’ve seen how that turned out, haven’t you?”
Trevillo smirked. “Engaged and pregnant with my niece?”
“And I regret it every fucking day!” Zane shouted, his fist slamming down on the table in front of him with a loud thud. “I. Love. Her. And I threw her away. I lost her. Now I can’t find not one single bitch to fill the hole she left inside my selfish ass. Do you think I want to be here with these fucking bitches? No, man, I don’t. I want love. That’s what I want, and I’m not afraid to say it. I was afraid to accept it back then, a coward. But now, I’m not. It doesn’t even matter because it’s too late. I have no more chances.”
Holding up one index finger, he punctuated, “One chance, Trev. Just one. That’s all we sinful assholes get. One chance at love. We fuck that up, and we’re fucked for life. We’ll be stuck in places like these, fucking strange and new pussies for the rest of our days. Might sound great to some people. But it sure as shit doesn’t feel so great once you get a taste of love. Love is the ultimate.
“So, if you wanna sit there and ignore what’s going on between you and the one you’re so obviously in love with, you might as well take a look around this room and call it your home. ‘Cause fuckers like us only get one chance, man. One.
“You and me, we fuck with life like it’s our bitch. We control life instead of letting it control us, and for that reason, life hates the shit out of us and will forever try to find ways to screw us over. You need to make the right choice.”
Involuntarily, Trevillo’s eyes flicked around the room, it didn’t look so bad. Yeah, he could call it home.
Obdurately, he slumped back in his seat, knocked back the last of his drink, then said, “Nice speech. But, I still don’t know what you’re talking about, man.”
Shaking his head, Zane got up to his feet. “Tonight you chose to hear. But somewhere down the line — and I’m hoping it’s soon, before things gets unsalvageable — you will choose to listen.”
He left the room.
Trevillo remained in the room for the next two hours, undisturbed, alone with his thoughts and that ugly fucker named Coward who was looming over him.
He thought about how similar Zane’s tale was to his. News to him, Zane had chosen Axia just as he’d chosen Krissan. He, too, had avoided Krissan each time emotions got overwhelming, and whenever he realized he couldn’t breathe without her, he always went back.
Of course he knew he was screwing up. He knew with each day he stayed away from her, he was allowing things to fester. But he couldn’t find the strength to get his ass up and go to her. To be there for her. She deserved that much after what she’d been through. Yet, here he was. Drowning himself in his own fuckedupness. And not even Zane Zekiel, his closest friend, who was ninety-nine times more messed-up than he was, agreed with his actions.
Get up and go to her!
Trevillo poured out another finger of whiskey instead.
His cellphone beeped, and although he already knew what the text message would read, he pulled it out of his pocket and opened it. The same words hit his cellphone at the exact same time each night, and he always read and agreed with them:

You. Are. A. Coward.

Staring at the screen, he sighed. Tonight, he thought, he would let her know he agreed with her. But as he started typing the words ‘Yes, I am’, the correct reply to her text message suddenly came to him. Something he was perfectly content with, to his surprise. Something a lot of people in his life would disagree with, thinking it fatuous and impetuous. But he didn’t care. After all, he chose her, didn’t he?
What better way to prove he wasn’t a coward than that?
That was big. Massive. A leap too wide for a coward to take. Since he’d known himself, he’d been called many names, but a coward wasn’t one of them.
Trevillo smiled and jumped to his feet with a sudden flow of energy. Energy that was elusive for the past couple of weeks. He’d just slain the looming asshole in the room: Coward.



Chapter 31
K. Kingston
Mr. Hopeless
Over my eyes, went Chanel sunglasses, on the crook of my arm, a Marc Jacobs handbag, and onto my feet, a pair of Prada slippers.
Lori, Trevillo’s stylist cousin, barged into the penthouse during the first week of Trevillo’s abandonment, armed with a stock load of brand named shit. I figured he told her to build me a new wardrobe with the most expensive pieces of fashion out there just to piss me off — another weak attempt to get me to leave.
But did I complain? Nope. I just sat back and let Lori transform one of the spare bedrooms into a closet, stocked from top to bottom with fashion statement apparel.
Now, as I was about to leave the apartment, I had no choice but to wear them. Spinning from side to side, I checked myself out in the mirror. Pleased with how I looked, I sallied out to the living room, sat down on the sofa, crossed my legs, and waited.
It was thirty-five minutes earlier than the time I was told a car would be here to pick me up, but, being overly excited, I’d started getting ready the minute I rolled out of bed.
Two nights ago when I texted Trevillo my nightly ‘you are a coward’ message, he didn’t text back, no. He did something better: he called me.
Though he’d been curt, his words were just what I wanted to hear: he needed to see me. He told me he’d send a car to pick me up at 9am on Friday — today.
He didn’t say why he wanted to see me or where we were going. He didn’t address what happened, he didn’t apologize for abandoning me for three weeks, he didn’t ask me how I was doing. Nevertheless, I didn’t complain. He called me, something he hadn’t done in three weeks, and that alone had me giddier than a pimply teenager. The waning hope that what we had could possibly still be alive, started to wax after his call.
I hadn’t heard another word from him since that phone call, though. But nope, I still wasn’t sulking.
Now it was Friday. 8:24am. I was ready. I was happy. And I was impatient.
Marsha left after I gave her a time limit to spill her secret, but not before I begged her not to divulge what happened to me to Jahleel. Think I was being fair there? Threatening to tell her secret, yet wanting her to keep mine?
Me, either.
But, where I was selfish, Marsha wasn’t. So even though she promised not to tell Jahleel what happened to me, I still gave her a time limit for her sperm-stealing revelation.
I ignored Jahleel’s inundation of phone calls for the last couple of weeks. Whenever we had a fallout, it never took us more than twenty-four hours to get over our snit, so Jahleel’s profusion of calls, I knew, was on account of him being worried things between had gone so badly, it was irreparable.
That wasn’t the case, though. I loved Jahleel. But at the moment, I loved Trevillo more, and I needed to channel all my focus, energy, and attention into getting him to love me again.
I consciously cheated on him that night, forced it even. But what followed — the abduction and near death experience — was all on him. Yet I felt the need to apologize for all of it. To find some way to make him think of me how he once thought of me: pure, delicate, his angel’s feather, or whatever other poetic phrases he always used. Not how I knew he now thought of me: dirty, stained, blemished …
Why had I all of a sudden abandoned who I was — a cynic of life, love and people — for a new me — a girl desperate for the acceptance of another human being?
Well, because I was choosing a path for my life. I was choosing what I wanted my life to be, and who I wanted to be in it. I was choosing who I wanted to give to, and who I wanted to receive from. I was fighting for the life I wanted. I was determined to get the man I needed. And I was adamant on having my love requited.
On the first ring of the telephone, I rushed to answer it. The concierge informed me my driver had arrived. In a heartbeat, I was out of the building and heading straight into the waiting white Mercedes, where a lanky man suited in black held the door open. He nodded with a “Good afternoon, Miss Kingston” as I slid in the back.
As the car drove off, I thought about how nonessential all of this was — from the caretaker, Mary, to Marsha being kept from her business, to the name brand clothes, to having a driver pick me up.
One of the numerous reasons I enjoyed being with Trevillo was because he acted ridiculously casual for a man of his stance. He drove himself, cooked for himself, and walked without being flanked by guards. Such made it easy to forget about his wealth and who he was, status-wise.
But now with all this superfluity, I was forced to recognize who he was. Trevillo Marco-Dean Nelson, a mega-billionaire, real estate king — with a foul mouth and a powerful tongue. At the latter musing, I squirmed. God, I miss that tongue.
Half-an-hour later, I looked out the window and saw we were heading straight toward a jet. The realization that we were going to be traveling had me sitting up from my slouch. Trevillo hadn’t told me to pack anything, and all I had with me was a handbag which held just a few necessities — like make-up and hairbrush. Plus, I was underdressed in just a white Maxi skirt and a simple teal tank.
The welts on my skin had long ago healed, leaving faint red streaks that would take another couple of weeks to disappear. But one would have to look closely to see them, so I wasn’t worried about Trevillo being reminded of that night.
The driver stopped right at the steps of the jet, and two pitch-black, tinted Range Rovers braked up behind us. Were we being followed? I waited to see who would exit them, but no one did. The jeeps just idled there.
Before the driver could reach around to the passenger door to open it for me, I exited the car on my own. He frowned, displeased, and waved his hand, palm-up, to the steps of the jet and said, “Mr. Nelson awaits your arrival.”
Batting down the urge to roll my eyes, I watched the Range Rovers in suspicion as I climbed up the steps and entered the jet. The rich scent of new leather slapped me first, then, I smelled him. Without even seeing him.
I didn’t see him at first because the entire interior of the jet was white — white seats, white surfaces, floor, and ceiling. And it was as I started looking around, admiring the luxury of the fortunate, that I saw him lying on a crescent-shaped seat to the right, staring at me poker-faced.
How had I not seen him before? Because he, too, was in all-white. He wasn’t Playboy Trev, or Rocker Trev or Suit Trev. No, he was different today. I’d go with Angelic Trev — even though I knew he was far from it.
Angelic Trev was overly casual in just a white wife beater, white cargo pants, and barefooted, though his white Gucci sandals were sitting at the foot of the seat.
Sprawled on his back with one foot bent and propped on the seat, the other dangling off the side, one hand tossed and crooked above his head while the other hand draped across his abdomen, he was breathtaking. And that’s being said with a sigh.
A heavy sigh.
It took every bit of strength in me not to lurch myself at him. Instead, I stood at the front of his grand, luxurious jet and pretended I wasn’t affected. Pretended there wasn’t a flaming heat between my thighs. Pretended that my breathing was under control.
I loved this man.
A helluva lot.
We said nothing to each other for a while. I stood looking at him with eyes I hoped weren’t revealing my inappropriate thoughts, and he stared back at me with eyes that revealed … nothing. He looked placidly reposed as if he’d been dozing off, or was just waking up from a nap.
After an eon of heavy silence, he quietly greeted, “Hi, Krissan.”
Keeping up the pretense, I spoke with attitude, like a woman who should be miffed that her man had abandoned her for three weeks in a time when she needed him the most. “What’s up with those tinted jeeps outside?”
“I’m not okay with it either,” he replied in a serene voice. “In fact, they’re not working on my dime, they’re working for my brother. So even if I tell them to fuck-off, they won’t. Natalio insisted we be protected.”
“What?” I asked, befuddled by his disjointed answer.
“We have securities now,” he grumbled, his relaxed mood starting to wane. “Damn Natalio.”
The only word I focused on from that miserable grumble was the plural ‘we’, which implied there was still an ‘us’. A tinge of excitement sprinted through me.
I was still standing at the front of the jet, mind racing, teeth chomping down on my lower lip, when he said, “You can take a seat, Krissy. Wherever you want. We leave in less than an hour. Pilot’s prepping.”
Moving from where I was rooted, I took a seat at a small table situated across from the crescent-shaped seat Trevillo was lying on. A tray of fresh fruits — white and red grapes, sliced pineapples, cantaloupes and melons — sat in the center of the table. I plucked one of the white grapes and popped it in my mouth before asking, “Where are we going? I have nothing packed, you know.”
Eyes trained on the ceiling, he dully replied, “I have a suitcase packed for you already.”
Wow. Way to take a woman’s life from her hands and control it. I didn’t argue, though. Not yet. That would be for another time when I was certain of our status as a couple. Better to let him believe I was A-okay with being controlled for now. Whatever to get him back. “And we’re going … ?”
“To the Caribbean.”
His relaxation mode was slowly dissipating as something akin to agitation supplanted while he kept his eyes trained above to avoid looking at me. His shoulders tensed, and the skin around his eyes tightened. I sighed. Moments ago, I had him. Now I was losing him again.
“If you need anything to drink or eat … or any assistance, just press that red button over there to your left. Simone, the hostess, will get you whatever you need. Staff keeps out of sight unless I call for them.”
I, Krissan Kingston, seldom got irate. As a ripe twenty-six year old woman, I knew, without lessons, how to handle situations, all situations, in the most mature manner, one that could never be contested. In other words, I knew how to be an adult. Not everyone got adulthood right. Some people never grow up.
I wasn’t one of those people. Crying, for me, was a rarity. Yelling, for me, was a rarity. Getting lured into arguments, never happens. Holding grudges and malice, never happens.
It might be because of how I was brought up, what with my adoptive parents being humbled children of God and all. They smiled at everything and knew how to keep up appearances. I observed how Jahleel could transform from a rogue to white knight at the drop of a hat. I saw how our parents accepted our decision to opt out of being a part of their ministry without threatening to disown us. I realized how they unconditionally loved us still, and cared for us even though we were rotten, rebellious sinners. I noticed how maturely they handled each and every situation that ever arose. So, throughout my formative years, I guess I watched, and I copied.
Krissan Kingston was far from a saint, but believe me, she could pass as one.
However, since Trevillo, things have shifted around a bit — in my well-ordered and controlled brain, that is. I’ve come to realize this man had the power to piss me off beyond reason. He was difficult, really difficult, to deal with. While I do understand the whole relationship, girlfriend, and feelings thing was new to him, which might render him a bit baffled on how to handle certain situations, what angered me the most was his lack of effort to fucking try.
He wanted this, and he was smooth enough to make it happen. But he also wanted to control things and make them the way he wanted them to be: Easy. Uncomplicated. Without ‘situations’.
Ha! He needed to wake the fuck up and realize relationships didn’t come without ‘situations’. I’ve never been in a relationship before, and even I knew that. If he wanted this, he needed to start dealing with unrequested shit inevitably popping up from time to time.
Desperation to keep him should’ve had me reigning in my anger. But I figured maybe if I showed him his attitude was pushing me to the limit, he’d realize the depth of the situation. Maybe if I created the illusion he was going to lose me for good, it would wake him up.
The fact that he used the term ‘we’ earlier proved he didn’t plan on leaving me physically. I’d gained him back there. However, mentally, he was leaving me. Emotionally, he was leaving me. And I needed to work on gaining him back in those ways, too. To make him look at me with those blue eyes like he used to: with unbridled need, concupiscence and adoration. To see me when he looked at me, not the events of that horrid night. The single teardrop that had fell from his eye that night gave me hope. So, I took the risk.
Taking a deep breath, I got up and walked over to where he was, looming over him. In slow motion, he dragged his eyes away from the ceiling and turned them to me, but said nothing. Eyes void, dull, hopeless.
With an exaggerated shrug, I asked, “Aren’t you going to ask me how I am? How I’m feeling? What effects the events of that night might have on me? How I’m holding up? If I’m traumatized? Don’t you care to know?”
For several heartbeats, he said nothing, just stared right into my eyes. Then, “Remember when you asked me a few months ago why I named my yacht Hopeless, and I told you because I was?”
Never faltering on my act, I shrugged again with attitude. “Yeah. Point?”
“Well, now you see, Krissan. Firsthand.” His eyes left mine and went back to the ceiling. “You shouldn’t love me.”
I wanted to hit him. Hurt him. I wanted to hit him so hard until he broke. I wanted to break him. Just as he kept breaking me. Over and over. I wanted to hate him. But I couldn’t. I loved him and I couldn’t help it.
“Oh, okay. So I guess that little speech you gave about me being ‘chosen’ was just a load of bull, huh? I guess I should just grab my handbag and get the fuck off this jet because Mr. Hopeless doesn’t seem capable of being normal for one fucking minute in his life. Mr. Hopeless just opens his mouth and meaningless bullshit comes out.”
I whirled around and went to snatch up my handbag, then came back and held his helpless gaze. “You know what, Trev, fuck you and your fucking fuckedupness! I’m tired of you sending me around in goddamn circles! Over and over you do the same fucking thing. Every time! Every time!” — I was no longer acting, by the way, this was the real deal — ”You say one thing, and then you do the complete opposite. How are you some renowned billionaire again? I’m thinking it’s your family name that has gotten you where you are, not your brain! Because you don’t fucking have one! No brain, no balls!” I flicked up both middle fingers at him. “Have a nice life, Mr. Hopeless.”
Angrier than a drug lord whose million dollar shipment just got inauspiciously busted, I pivoted and bolted down the aisle. Before I could get to the exit, one strong arm snaked around my waist, pulling me back.
I swung wildly with my handbag, screaming obscenities, trying to fight him off, but he held me tight, and I kept fighting until we tripped over and stumbled to the floor.
Trevillo’s grip on me grew tighter, making it impossible for me to move. I wriggled until I grew breathless.
When Trevillo brought his lips to my ear, the desperation in his voice made me stop fighting. “Krissy, please, please stop. Don’t leave me. Please. I love you. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I said that.” He paused and inhaled. “You’re right. I open my mouth, and bullshit comes out. I shouldn’t have said what I just did. Please, please don’t go. I’m sorry. I just … keep saying and doing all the wrong things. I can’t get it right.” He buried his face in the crook of my neck and begged my skin, “Please, stay. Stay with me.”
Even though I made up my mind to stay the minute he started begging, I kept my mouth shut and my body stiff.
It was in that very inappropriate moment I came to understand why Marsha continued to take Jahleel’s shit. She did it because of love, a love she couldn’t fight off. A love she didn’t want to fight off. A love she wanted to hold on to even though it was one-sided and full of bullshit.
Trevillo was full of bullshit, too. I knew it was idiotic to want to stay with him, because he was unpredictable and clueless about preserving a woman’s heart. He wasn’t intentionally pushing me away, he wanted me. He just didn’t know how to keep me. And I understood that. All of it.
This relationship was hazardous, because he wasn’t normal, he was different. He would break me, and then break me further as he tried to mend me, because he was just what Sarah said he was: a destroyer. His hands were just as he said they were: destructible.
I should be running in the other direction right now, but I was willing to stay with him and be the dummy he practiced with until he got it right. Because I loved him that much.
Trevillo loosened his hold so he could turn me around to face him, but promptly tightened his grip again as if he was afraid I’d bolt.
“Remember when you told me you didn’t have the time to deal with a fucked-up man?”
I didn’t answer, but he continued. “Well, I’m pretty fucked-up right now. Badly. And luckily, I’m your boss. So, maybe if I cleared your schedule to give you all the time in the world, fire you even … ” I started to smile, but he was as serious as a plane crash, “ … you would, I dunno, deal with my fuckedupness?”
When I tried to lift my hand to touch his face and couldn’t, he loosened his grip. I trailed my fingertips along his sharp jaw line which had a light shadow of stubble, then I traced the outline of his lips as he sighed and leaned into my touch.
Letting out a sigh of my own, I responded, “You have to promise me you’ll stop running when things get hard. Because every time you do, it breaks me, Trev. And I don’t know how many times I can get broken and still remain whole.”
A hint of a hopeful smile whispered across his lips. “Babe … promise.”
I leaned in and kissed him, relishing the warmth I’d missed so much.
“Swear to God, Krissy, this is not how I saw the day going,” he said with a light chortle. “I was so sure I was ready to face you … ” He moved his hand up to the back of my neck, pulled me in, and kissed me again. A softer, more passionate kiss than he was known for. “Just … stay. I promise, I won’t ever let you regret it.”
As if I would’ve said any other words, “I will.”
Then I added, “But, only if we redo the last fifteen minutes, starting with you telling me we’re going to the Caribbean in a more ecstatic voice so I can have the proper reaction to such amazing news — that’s squealing like a teenager and running around with my hands flailing in the air.”
Hugging me tighter, Trevillo shook his head and laughed. “Really, Krissan?”
“Yes, really.”
With a slight roll of his eyes, he cleared his throat and said, “Babe, we’re going to the Caribbean!”
Grinning, I told him, “Now, cover your ears.”
Before he could even complete the action, I tore my mouth wide open and squealed.

As soon as the seatbelt sign went off, I unbuckled the restriction from around my waist and crossed over to Trevillo’s seat where he sat with his eyes closed and his head tossed back.
When he felt me sit down on his lap, his eyes flicked open. We hadn’t done much talking since our little tiff earlier, because even though I agreed to stay, Trevillo was still a bit off. Anxiousness emanated from him, which prompted me to question if that night had that hard of an impact on him. I ignored it and settled back for a while, deciding to give him some time to himself as the crew prepared for takeoff. But now I was past impatient. It felt like forever since I’d had him, and I wanted him to reclaim me.
When his eyes flickered to mine, I smiled. “Hi, Hopeless.”
He reached down to unlatch his seatbelt then pulled me closer, his stare stinging me just as it used to. Fire was back in those blues.
“You’re beautiful, Krissan. Have I ever told you that?”
“In a different, more poetic way. Rather than using the trite word ‘beautiful’. It’s what got me hooked on you.”
Trevillo laughed out, “Me, poetic? I think you’re confusing me with someone else.”
“Nope,” I grinned, wagging my head. “I most definitely remember you calling me an ‘angel’s feather’.”
“That’s because you are,” he mused. “An angel’s feather might be the rarest form of beauty to ever be found, more so than raw diamonds.”
His tenseness and agitation was starting to melt. That was a good thing, so I pushed the conversation. “How so?”
“Because, chances are, one might never find an angel’s feather. People know where to search for diamonds. They can even be bought — both raw and adulterated. But where, where do you search for an angel’s feather?”
I wrinkled my nose. “On angels’ wings?”
“Yes. But angels are perfect, aren’t they? Perfect. You think a feather would ever fall from an angel’s wing?”
I pondered for a moment, and then shrugged. “I guess not. Unless an angel deliberately plucked one of her feathers and left it for a specific person to find it?” I couldn’t quite read into what he was getting at. “Explain it to me.”
A smile crawled onto his face as he reached one big palm around to cup my nape, urged me in, and kissed me deep. He wasn’t going to explain it to me, I realized. It was for him alone to understand. His secret to keep.
“Yet you say you’re not poetic,” I mumbled against his lips.
“I’m not,” he whispered. “I’m just in love with what an imperfect angel had left behind, for a perfectly flawed me to find.”
By that time, I was lost. He could deny it as much as he wanted, but he was lyrically poetic. End of.
Not wanting to break our kiss, I awkwardly shifted around on his lap until I achieved the goal of straddling him. “I’ve missed you, Trev.”
He stilled, ended the kiss, then held my shoulders and pushed me back a bit so he could find my eyes. Chest rising and falling, lips parted, I gazed back at him, wondering, what now?
“I need to request something … something selfish … ” he trailed off, then let go of my shoulders and raked his fingers through his hair. “I know this is gonna make me a major asshole, but … can we never talk about what happened that night? None of what happened.”
Leaning into his face, I spoke in a voice laced with bitter sarcasm. “Why? Because you want to pretend none of it happened? That I didn’t fuck on you. That I didn’t almost die? Because of you?”
Facing contorted in pain, his eyes slammed shut and his hands fisted between us. “Jesus, Krissy.”
“Yes, Trev, I almost died. Died. Died!”
As I made to get up from his lap, his hands reached up and gripped my shoulders again, keeping me planted where I was.
I narrowed my eyes and spat, “Oh, I had shit loads of welts, too. And toes that were so battered and swollen, I had to hop around on one foot for days. But what, you abandoned me because you didn’t want to look at them. You wanted to shut your eyes to the truth. You wanted to pretend it never happened. Fine. Whatever heals you. But now you’re asking me to do that?”
“Because it’s too fucking much!” he yelled in my face, and I flinched. “Yes, I want to pretend it didn’t happen. That you didn’t suffer brutally and almost died because of me!! All I want is a little peace of fucking mind. To not feel guilty and worthless each time I look at you. To not feel like I should’ve turned the gun at my own goddamn head!”
On a harsh breath, he rubbed a palm down his face. “Christ, Krissy, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for what happened. I’m sorry for the danger I put you in. I’m sorry I didn’t protect you. But please, stop looking at me with those eyes of anger and resentment. Look at me like you used to, with raw lust, carnal desire, and awe. You used to look up at me with those rare blue eyes like I was a god. I need that back, please. With that, it’ll be so much easier to pretend none of the awful shit happened.”
It was unknown to me that my eyes had been showcasing anger and resentment, because, in my mind, I had done a great, altruistic job of pushing aside the anger I felt over the past couple of weeks. Plus I’d been positive whatever resentment I’d harbored over the weeks past, had died a brutal death the minute I walked into the jet and laid eyes on him.
I sighed. The body could be such a traitor. I thought I was over it, but apparently, if he could read anger and resentment in my eyes, I wasn’t.
Of course, I didn’t want to keep punishing him with memories of what happened. Truth be told, I wish I could pretend none of it happened, too. But, how long would that pretense last? Could we just sweep something like this under the rug, and it’ll be forever forgotten?
Guess we’d have to wait and see.
Deciding to put an end to our bitter conversation, I grasped the hem of my skirt and dragged it up until it bunched up around my hips. I rocked against his erection which had been present since I first came to sit on his lap. “Can I have you?”
“You already do,” he whispered. “Through and through.”
Reaching a hand down between us, I undid his pants and freed him while I explained, “I mean, can I have you? You alone. Nothing between us.”
Trevillo’s blue eyes heated with that insatiable hunger I saw the first time I met him in his office. Lips hung lax, he said nothing, but his hands crept down my sides.
“You’d be the first to … ” I trailed off on moan when he lifted my tank top above my breasts and covered one aching nipple with his hot mouth. His tongue did that skillful flicking thing only he could do, while one hand slid up between my thighs and found I was bare and wet.
Moaning around my captured nipple while his fingers glided through my slickness, he dragged his lips to kiss between my breasts, then, “Krissan?”
“Hmm?”
“Why aren’t you wearing any underwear?” A finger slid inside me just as he asked that question.
“Because … ah … I was hoping for this?”
He made a sound akin to a groan as he moved his lips up my neck, over my chin and settled on my lips, urging me into a kiss while his fingers worked inside me.
Emitting soft moans between his kisses, I asked again, panting, “Please, Trev. Can I have you?”
His teeth raked along my jaw, and in the same tone as before, he said, “Krissan?”
“Hmm?”
“You do understand that you own me, right?”
The answer to my desperate plea was clear as crystal. Melding our lips back together, I raised my hips and slowly eased down onto his length.
It was heaven.
Trevillo’s audible sound of pleasure seemed to agree, as his hands landed on my hips and began guiding the movement. Our kiss remained unbroken as we patched our hearts back together and made ourselves forget.



Time,
No Friend of Mine

Time plays,
  Time assays,
  Time frays,
  But time never delays.

Time makes,
  Time breaks,
  Time deflates,
  But time never waits.

Time steals,
  Time heals,
  Time reveals,
  But time never stills.

Have you time in this short life?
Seize it!

Love, and let love.
  Fight, and make up.
  Resist, and give in.
  Steal, and don’t return.

Because Time is no friend —
  We laugh to cry,
  We live to die.
Seize the day!



Chapter 32
K. Kingston
Island Lovin’
Seven hours later, my Trevillo fascination was pushed in the background as my attention was riveted out the window of the SUV that picked us up once we landed in Montego Bay on the beautiful island of Jamaica.
To no avail, Trevillo was trying to get me to pull my head back in the car, lest it got smacked off by speeding vehicles. But I was too caught up in the otherness of the island vibe to hear.
I never traveled to anywhere in the Caribbean before. In fact, I didn’t travel much at all since I ran from my parents’ home to live with Jahleel. Now this, the greenery, winding roads, impeccable climate, and carefree islanders on the roadside, standing by their stalls displaying smorgasbords of foreign fruits — most of which I’d never before seen or heard of — it all excited me.
The people seemed relaxed and unhurried, the vibe mellow. They walked, talked, and even laughed differently. Already, I loved it, and I hadn’t been there for more than half-an-hour.
Trevillo’s hands gripped my shoulders again, pulling me backward to him with force this time. “Seriously, Krissan, they drive like lunatics here, put your head in the car!” He chuckled as he said, “This is Jamaica: it’s downright awesome here, yes, but it’s no Utopia.”
Begrudgingly, I drew back and allowed him to power up the window. In no time, the air-conditioner eliminated the fresh island breeze from the confinements of the car, supplanting it with dry frigidness.
Leaning into his side, I dropped my head on his shoulder. I wanted to continue looking outside, but the boss ordered me to keep my head inside so … boo. “How many times have you been here?”
“Enough times to deaden that child-like amazement you now have,” he answered, laughing at me.
I smacked his chest and laughed, too.
“I’m constructing a resort nearby to where we are headed,” he continued to explain. “So I’m here quite often.”
“Where are we going?”
“My beach house.”
Floating on contentment, I sighed and let my thoughts slip. “JK always joked that the day he could afford to own a beach house in the Caribbean, is the day he’ll know for sure he’d made it.”
Trevillo froze up at the mention of Jahleel’s name, and I silently berated myself. High on contentment, I forgot for a moment the deep, jagged slashes still existing in our relationship that were fresh, raw and needed healing. But then again … “We agreed to — ”
“Yes, I know,” he snapped in a tight voice. “Pretend.”
That meant we should be able to mention Jahleel, Sarah, death, or pain without remembering what we were pretending to forget. It would be hard. But we’d get through it.
Trevillo receded into reticence for the rest of the journey, but I didn’t bother pushing any conversation since I was the one who spoiled the moment. Plus, the anxiety he exhibited since before we left San Francisco had yet to dissipate. Still, throughout it all, he held me close at all times as if he were afraid I’d poof into thin air if he let go.
Some twenty minutes later, the vehicle turned off a palm-tree-lined street and onto a narrow gravel road, and stopped a few minutes later in front of a thick, high wooden gate. The driver powered down his window, punched in a code, and waited for the gate’s slow opening.
Once the gates opened, the car rolled down a sandy path. On both sides were undulating blankets of verdant land with flocks of strong, blooming trees and sprinkles of flamboyant plants. The house came into view a few minutes later: a two-story beach house sprawled out in all its glory, gobbling up acres of land. I couldn’t see the beach entirely from the back of the car, but what I could see of the estate so far was beautiful.
“The beach is yours, too?” I absently asked.
“Yep,” Trevillo replied, sounding more like himself again. “Like it?”
“You kidding me? This place is amazing.”
The car came to a stop, and when the driver exited to open our door, three tall, serious-looking men and a rotund, middle-aged woman stepped out of the house. Two of the men went straight to the trunk to retrieve our luggage, while the woman stood smiling broadly at the entryway.
The third man, taller and more bad-ass looking than the other two men, held a commanding and somewhat intimidating presence. Striding confidently, he approached us as we moved toward the house. Despite his deathly serious demeanor, his grin, when he flashed it, was amicable and displayed his handsomeness. He had dark, neatly styled, shoulder-length locks, a clean shaved, oval face, and ridiculously white teeth.
Making wild movements with his hands, he grinned and greeted Trevillo in foreign words, “Wah gwaan, boss man? How yuh love surprise wi suh? Weh yuh a try do, ketch wi red-handed or something?”
Trevillo, understanding this broken language, narrowed his eyes and asked, “Why does my surprise visits unnerve you? Are you doing something here you know I wouldn’t approve of?”
The man gave a genuine smile. “Nah, man. Wi loyal. A you put food pon wi table, enuh. Yuh a di boss, straight. A death before dishonor.”
Turning to me, Trevillo gestured to the man. “This is Neville, head of my security team here — because in Jamaica, a trusted security team is essential. He stays here on the bottom floor with his wife. And the others — his sister and two brothers — attend to me when I ‘surprise’ them.”
“Hi,” I smiled at Neville. “Nice to meet you.”
He winked at me and spoke in words I could somewhat understand, “Same here, Empress. I swear you’ve got eyes that’ll make a Rasta trim his dreads, or make a shotta put down the gun. Dem real?”
Nose wrinkled, I looked at Trevillo, unsure of what to say, but he was laughing at me again — I wanted to punch him.
“Outta my way, Nev,” he said finally, rescuing me.
Neville began laughing as he stepped to the side, then said to me, “A joke mi a mek, yuh hear, Empress? Mi know yuh eyes dem real.”
In response, I just nodded, because I had no idea what he said. Trevillo introduced me to the woman, Sally, who stood at the door and the other two men, Marlon and Dave.
Impatient for pleasantries to end, I bounced on my feet as I smiled and said hi to everyone, dying to see the beach.
Seeming to read my thoughts or reactions, Trevillo peered down at me and let out another laugh. He pulled me off into the house, saying, “Okay, let me take you to see the beach. You’re bouncing like a damn two year old.”
He led me through the house decorated in a neutral white and chocolate-brown color scheme — not what one would expect for a beach house in the Caribbean. Plush white chairs with dark-wood furniture, and large floor vases which held various types of vibrant plants gave a feel of the Caribbean within the homeliness of the house. And there was a huge framed photo of Bob Marley taking up a large fraction of the wall in the living area.
Passing through a wide, airy kitchen, Trevillo opened a sliding glass door that led out to a wooden deck sloping off into the sand.
We were there. The beach.
So. Beautiful.
I inhaled a lungful of air and sighed in contentment as I took in the breathtaking view. The sand was impossibly white, the water was impossibly clear, the sky was impossibly blue, and the skirting trees were impossibly green. Everything was just … impossibly perfect.
I could feel Trevillo’s searing gaze burning into me. “I’ve never seen you so … content. It suits you. I’m gonna have a lot of fun traveling with you.”
Squeezing his fingers laced with mine, I turned to look up at him. “Thank you so much for this, Trev. This,” I said, waving my hand out to the ocean view, “is priceless.”
Words unuttered, he only stared back at me, keeping his thoughts to himself.
“Let’s head upstairs,” he said after a while. “I’m feeling unusually tired. Think I’m jet-lagged.”
The words ‘I want to stay on the beach and watch the sun set’ formulated in my mind, but before my brain could command my lips to say them, Mr. Mind Reader added, “There’s a wraparound balcony upstairs and views from most sections of each room, including our bed.”
As he turned and started moving back into the house, I tugged his hand for him to stop. When he looked back at me questioningly, I assured him, “I love you.”
I didn’t anticipate his monosyllabic response, but I accepted it anyhow because, well, I loved him.
“Yeah.”

At some point in the middle of the night, I was shaken awake from a peaceful sleep. Eyes fluttering open, I blinked the man I loved into sight. He was standing at the side of the bed, looming over me with my cellphone in his hand, and he didn’t look pleased.
“Just answer this sister-fucker before I toss this fucking thing in the ocean. He’s been ringing nonstop.”
I blinked up at him. “But it’s not ringing now — ”
“It will in a second.” He thrust the phone into my hand and stalked off.
Watching his retreating form — in nothing but clinging white boxers — I crossed my legs and clenched them to quell the sudden ache and heat attacking me. So tall and masculine. Toned and sexy.
As he stepped out onto the balcony, he roughly shoved a hand through his hair. Leaning down, he pressed his palms to the balcony railing and looked out to the ocean.
I wished there was more I could do to help him get over whatever plagued his mind, but there wasn’t. I did all I could. Said all the right things. Assured him of my love. Pretended as he asked. But still, he was distant, detached. All that was left for me to do, at this point, was to wait on him.
The one victimized was me. Yet, seeing him and coming on this Caribbean getaway was curative for me, because he was the only one who was capable of healing me. All I needed was seeing him, getting assurance that I was still his, and I was better. Over it. Near death experience forgotten.
Alas, it wasn’t the same for Trevillo. He kept slipping in and out of himself. Talkative, confident sex god one minute. Reticent, anxious, and aloof the next.
Sitting up in bed, I stuffed a pillow behind me and leaned back against the headboard. The room was capacious and pleasantly airy, as it was faced toward the ocean, with its floor-to-ceiling windows and wide slide-doors that Trevillo kept open to permit the cool island breeze into the room.
From the bed, I heard the ocean crashing on the sand, the whistling sound of air passing through trees leaves, and the faint and somewhat annoying croaking of crickets. Brilliant stars sprinkled across the sky’s sheet of blackness, a half-moon looming close to the horizon, its glow reflecting in waves on the unsettled waters below.
It. Was. Heaven.
My cellphone had yet to ring since Trevillo handed it to me, so I shrugged and leaned over to set it on the nightstand. That’s when it decided to ring, Jahleel’s name flashing across the screen. I wasn’t sure I was prepared to talk to him yet, but his calls were making Trevillo irritated, so I might as well get this over with.
“Hi, JK.”
There was nothing but silence for a long moment, but I knew he was on the line. This was Jahleel.
“Bad girl … ” he trailed off, remaining silent for another moment, then, “I’m sorry.”
“You don’t need to apologize, JK. It was a mistake. None of it should’ve happened. I never should’ve used you.”
A sigh flowed down the receiver, and I couldn’t tell if he was being serious or sarcastic when he said, “Yeah. A mistake.”
“Will we ever be able to go back to having a normal, non-awkward relationship?” I asked.
He scoffed, and this time he sounded miffed. “How the fuck can we? You just upped and disappeared out of my life! I went from seeing you everyday to not seeing or hearin’ from you at all. Me and you, Krissy, we can get through anything. But we can’t do that while we’re apart.”
Taking a deep breath, I dropped the news that might possibly break us for good, “I’m moving out.”
As expected, there was silence. Long silence. But when he finally spoke, his response took me by surprise. “He loves you. So I know he’ll take care of you. I’m happy you’ve found someone to save you from yourself.”
“You really mean that?” I asked, mouth hanging open.
“Yeah, bad girl, I do.” He sounded genuine. Like, genuine genuine. Wow!
“Thank you, JK,” I replied, smiling now. “That may be the nicest thing I’ve ever heard you say. Ever.”
“Yeah, but, he can’t take you away from me completely. I need to be able to call you, see you, and hang with you. So, you need to let him know that. Or else, I’ll fight … I’ll fight dirty, and I’ll win. You know it.”
I knew he was dead serious. He fought his own parents to keep me by his side, and he’d won. Won us a house. Not only that, but if he’d been aggressive and less subtle with me, I probably wouldn’t have fallen in love with Trevillo. I would’ve chosen him, because, in the end, I always did. He knew it, and I knew it. But we skimmed around our feelings for each other and ended up letting other people in, prying us apart. For good.
So, even though the situation was sticky, precarious, and sensitive, I agreed. “I know. But it’s not easy for him to get over right now. So I have to give that issue some time. We’re actually in the Caribbean at the moment. You know, cooling off steam.”
“Where?”
“Jamaica,” I squealed in excitement. “It’s so beautiful here, JK. You’d love it!”
Again, he grew quiet for a long, long time, then, bam! “You’re marryin’ him.” It was a statement, not a question.
“Whoa, where the hell did that come from?” I asked, fuddled. “I said I was moving out, that’s all. How the hell did marriage drop into this?”
“Bad girl,” he sighed, “I’m not as daft as you think. Ain’t gotta hide it from me. I told you, I’m happy for you.”
This was ludicrous. “Listen to what you’re saying. We’ve haven’t been together long enough to — ”
“Guy’s a billionaire who has everythin’ he wants and can have anyone he wants. You cheated. A blow to his high and mighty ego. Yet he still wants you. Obviously because he loves you. He’s going to do whatever it takes to keep you, bad girl. He’s not going to risk that shit happening again, trust me.”
My mouth was agape as I listened to the cynical, screw-anything-that-walks Jahleel being so insightful on relationship stuff. This wasn’t him. He didn’t give a shit about anything. Anything. Or anyone. “JK, are you okay?”
“What?”
“You just don’t sound like … you.”
He laughed this time. Heartily. “I’m good. Never been better. I feel better … ”
“Better?” I didn’t understand.
“I’ve loved you since the day my parents brought you home, Krissy. And I’ve never stopped loving you, but you never loved me back how I wanted you to. It was painful. I couldn’t save you. I couldn’t make myself into what you wanted because I never knew what you wanted. You lock everything inside and I wanted to be the one that you spilled your heart out to … “
His words picked up speed and his breathing grew heavy, as it sounded like he was pacing back and forth. “But it took sayin’ the words to you that night, to make me realize … while I love you, I’m not in love with you like I am with her. With her, things are diff — ”
Jahleel abruptly stopped talking, as if realizing that he’d spilled far too much. Either that, or was he just realizing he was in love with whoever her was.
“You’re shitting me,” I whispered. Shocked.
“Fuck,” he said, lower than a whisper.
Yep, that ‘in love’ shit had just dawned on him.
“You’re not gonna tell me who ‘her’ is?” I prodded, even though I was ninety percent sure who she was.
Refusing to spill another drop more of information, he just chuckled.
But I pushed, “Do I know her? Who is she?”
“Doesn’t matter,” he replied. “Not because I’ve just discovered … dammit … ” He trailed off, and I could sense him shaking his head in disbelief. “Not ready for all that sissy-boy crap yet. I like being free. Fuck that love shit.”
“Are you freakin’ kidding me, JK?!” I yelled at him. “You can’t do that!”
He snorted. “Watch me. You know me better than anyone else.”
My heart sank for the girl who’d managed to capture Jahleel’s heart and didn’t even know it. “But you — ”
“Done talking ‘bout this, bad girl. Gotta go.”
“Can’t you at least — ”
“Take lots of pictures,” he talked over me. “Bye!”
Then the line went dead.
What a freaking asshole. Not even love had the power to change him.
After scowling at the phone for about five minutes after he hung up, I tossed it onto the nightstand and looked out to the balcony. Trevillo was still standing out there in the same position, staring out at the ocean. I knew he heard everything on my end of the conversation.
Throwing back the covers, I eased out of bed and started towards him. I was wearing one of the negligees he’d packed in my luggage. Violet, lacy, covering just a portion of my ass, with a thong underneath.
When I got up to him, I wrapped my arms around his middle from behind and pressed my cheek against his back. Deciding to give him the first words, I kept quiet and listened to the ocean waves roll into a rumble, crash onto the sand, and drew back from the shore with a fizzling sound.
“Feel better after talking to him?” he asked after a while.
Eyes closed, cool breeze caressing my skin, I told his back, “I’ve been better, Trev. I’m just waiting on you.”
Trevillo moved my hands from around him and pulled me in front so I was facing him, my back against the railing. He shifted his feet wider apart so his exceptional height wouldn’t be towering a mile above me. His hands came up and cupped my face, and his lips kissed mine.
Cleaving our lips apart a minute later, he took a breath and looked deep into my eyes. “You make me feel things I can’t even give a name to, Krissan. An inundation of intense, ineffable feelings, I … I don’t know what to do with them. It’s kinda frightening, actually.”
Bringing my hands up to cover his on my face, I told him, “Just give them to me, so I can give them back to you. We can share them. All of them. But please, don’t repress them. Don’t bottle them up. I need them. All of them. From the most intense to the tamest. Give all of your feelings to me, Trev.”
His eyes remained on mine, searching, and the heat in his gaze that used to paralyze me was back. Finally, he was looking at me like that again. He was coming back to me. And I was more than ready to receive him.
Sliding a forefinger under my chin, he tilted my head back, leaned down, and dragged his tongue in a leonine lick down the center of my neck. Oh shit, his signature swipe. He was definitely back.
Gently, his teeth sank into the flesh at the base of my neck. He kissed his way back up to my lips as his hands reached between us for the slim strings which held my negligee together. One tug, and it fell open, while his tongue explored the depths of my mouth in the most ravishing way.
Trev’s way.
I was so aroused I could barely breathe.
In the next second, he spun me around with one quick flip so I was facing the ocean. “Hold on to railing.”
As I did, his fingers swept the negligee off my arms dropping it to the floor in a silent flutter. I felt his tongue at the nape of my neck, moving down slowly, down my spine. He hooked his thumbs into the sides of my thong, and as his tongue traveled a path straight down my back, his thumbs pulled down the string of underwear. His tongue continued its trek down between the crease of my ass just as the thong dropped at my ankles.
As I stepped out of them, I felt him move in the opposite direction as he straightened up and brought a hand around to cup me.
“She’s drenched … ” His words came quieter than a whisper, as if meant to be his thoughts instead of being said out loud.
By this time, I was breathless. Eager to have him inside me.
I felt him shift behind me, and one big palm pressed on the center of my back as an indication for me to bend over. When I did, his thick, wide crown prodded at my entrance as he husked, “Krissan?”
A moan was my reply. “Mmnh?”
“I’m gonna fuck you now. Real hard. So hold tight to the railing, okay?”
“Okay,” I said in a gush of air, lust, and anticipation.
“And, Krissan?”
“Hmmnh?” I moaned again in reply, legs trembling now.
“I love you.”
There wasn’t a chance to respond, because he was surging into me at the tail end of his words.
At the sudden intrusion, a cry forced up my lungs, flew through my lips, echoed in the air, bounced off the ocean waves, and came right back to me.
“I like that,” he growled. “I like that you’re fucking feeling me.”
His hands firmly gripped my hips to steady me, and he began pounding me, hard and fast and even harder. Trevillo style.
He was back.
Trevillo Marco-Dean Sex-God Nelson was back.
A session of fierce, penetrative sex wasn’t exactly an appropriate time to smile. But, knowing he couldn’t see me, I grinned.
I fucking grinned.



Chapter 33
K. Kingston
Carpe Diem
Waking up to a new day in an open house on the beach side brightened with natural light, a chorus of tweeting birds, and cool gusts of winds whispering sweet nothings as it billows by was the single most amazing feeling on earth.
Gratified and relaxed, I stretched and rolled over in bed. Trevillo wasn’t there unfortunately, but there was a note with a single white rose laid across it. Astonishment shook hands with curiosity at this romantic gesture from Trevillo.
Trevillo didn’t do romantic. He did, “I’m hard, you’re wet, let’s fuck. Hard.” Full stop. So, this gesture surpassed the unexpected.
I plucked up the rose and passed it under my nose in appreciation of its fresh scent as I sat up in bed to read the note. It was old English poetry. Words of Andrew Marvell:

Had we but world enough, and time,
This coyness, lady, were no crime.
We would sit down and think which way
To walk, and pass our long love’s day …
But at my back I always hear
Time’s winged chariot hurrying near …
Now therefore, while the youthful hue
Sits on thy skin like morning dew,
Let us roll all our strength, and all
Our sweetness, up into one ball;
Thus, though we cannot make our sun
Stand still, yet we will make him run.

“Huh,” I said out loud to no one in particular.
If my memories of literature classes — poetry analysis, to be exact — back in school were accurate at the moment, I was sure this poem is about a man convincing his mistress to give up her virginity before time runs out. My virginity had long since been, well, not ‘given up’, but thrown out there. Given the thoroughness with which Trevillo screwed me last night, into breathless enervation, I would imagine he’d have gotten the memo by now that I wasn’t a maid.
Flipping back the sheets, I swung my legs out of bed at the same time Trevillo ambled into the room wearing gray sweat pants, hanging low on his hips. He seemed surprised I was awake, as if I wasn’t supposed to see him or something. When I walked up to him and thanked him for the rose and poem, he gave me an uneasy smile and pressed a kiss on my forehead.
“Glad you liked it. I’m just here to get … something. Breakfast is ready. But grab a shower first. After eating, join me out on the beach.”
The flatness of his tone as he spoke and the tenseness in his posture made me take a step back and avert my eyes.
Great. Distant Trevillo was back.
Last night had been so good, and now … ?
Nodding, I turned and started for the bathroom, but halted when he caught my wrist and pulled me back to him.
Raking his fingers backwards through my short hair, he said, “I like when you wash your hair, brush it back from your face, and leave it to dry on its own. Do that today, okay?”
“Okay,” I quietly agreed.
No-frills hair was something I did only when I had no hot tools to style my hair, or I was short on time. But, whatever would make him come back to me, I’d do.
His head lowered, and his lips touched mine. Then he released me. “And no make-up. At all.”
“Okay.”
I continued to the bathroom, leaving him to get whatever he came for. Denuded, I hopped into the shower and spent longer than usual, washing my hair and finger-combing it backwards, just as Trevillo had requested.
By the time I stepped out of the shower, there was another note on the double-sink vanity with a red rose laid across it. Not curious this time, but flattered, I picked up the rose and passed it under my nose; the red had a stronger, inkier scent than the white.
Leaning my hip against the vanity, I read poetry stolen from William Shakspeare’s Carpe Diem this time:

What is love? ‘tis not hereafter;
Present mirth hath present laughter;
What’s to come is still unsure:
In delay there lies no plenty, —
Then come kiss me, Sweet-and-twenty,
Youth’s a stuff will not endure.

After reading the poem over for about five times to draft its meaning, I realized it fell under the same theme as the earlier poem: making use of youth and time.
This side of Trevillo was rather new to me. I was used to the man who would flat-out tell me whatever was on his mind. No beating around the bush. Still, I adored this romantic side of him. Now, if only his demeanor would go in accord with his words and gestures, we could have a fun, romantic vacation. But his constant slipping in and out of himself was wearing me out. One minute he’s himself, the next minute, he is tense and distant.
Tightening a towel around me, I exited the bathroom. Back in the bedroom, there was a white, flared-hem dress laid out on the bed along with black lace underwear. The dress was cutesy, yet flirty with a sweetheart neckline. I bounced around when I took it up and saw a neat mauve bow at the back. It was so me.
Being restricted from make-up and styling my hair, I slipped on what was provided for me to wear and headed downstairs for breakfast.
When I found out from Sally I was eating breakfast alone because Trevillo had already eaten, I was deflated. I was also getting irritated, because I wasn’t sure how long I could wait for him to get over his goddamn issues.
Sally served me a Jamaican dish of Ackee and Saltfish with fried dumplings and plantains. Unlike anything I’d ever tasted before, I ate it all like a starved animal.
A grin spread across Sally’s face when she came to clear my plate and found it wiped clean. “I was worried you wouldn’t like it,” she confessed in fluid, eloquent English, not at all incomprehensible like Neville’s. “It warms me when foreigners enjoy a good Jamaican dish.”
“It was really good,” I complimented, wiping the corners of my mouth with a napkin.
Nodding appreciatively, she said, “Wait here, Miss Kingston.”
Anxious to go find Trevillo, wherever he was, I didn’t want to wait. But I did as she asked and waited as she disappeared then reappeared with a gold tray and set it down on the table in front of me.
On the tray, was another note and — no rose this time — a delicate white feather laid on top of it. So simple, yet for some reason, it made my heart expand.
Picking up the feather, I, for no thought-of reason, brushed its whispery ends across my cheek, and I was instantly reminded of the first time Trevillo brushed the tips of his fingers across my cheek.
Anger melted, I took up the note and read poetic words now stolen from John Gray:

Youth’s the season made for joys,
Love is then our duty;
She alone who that employs,
Well deserves her beauty.
Let’s be gay,
While we may,
Beauty’s a flower despis’d in decay.

Let us drink and sport to-day,
Ours is not tomorrow.
Love with youth flies swift away,
Age is nought but sorrow.
Dance and sing,
Time’s on the wing,
Life never knows the return of spring.

After reading the poem three times over, I concluded Trevillo, with these Time-themed poems, was trying to convey some sort of message about seizing the day.
Carpe Diem.
However, I was still confused about what he really meant. Set on finding what the man was about, I pushed back my chair and started in the direction leading out to the beach front. He said he would be on the beach.
When I stepped through the sliding doors and out on the deck, I saw him, just standing there on the deck with his hands in his pockets, facing the doors instead of the ocean, as though he’d been waiting patiently for me to come out.
He said nothing, and I watched him as he watched me. He was wearing white linen pants, with a white shirt buttoned half-way up to his chest, the sleeves folded up to his elbows. Barefoot, his hair was damp and brushed back from his face, just like mine.
And, he was the man I was madly in love with.
I spoke first. “We need to talk about the meaning behind your trail of poems, roses, and feathers.”
The corners of his lips tipped up ever so slightly, but he didn’t address my words. “Take off your sandals.”
At first, I scowled at him for ignoring me. But I looked at his handsome face, the contentment not there an hour ago, the fire swirling in his blue irises, and I knew I would forever do anything he asked of me.
My sandals were off in a nanosecond.
Hand held out to me, he commanded, “Come here.”
Hesitation was no longer allowed where this man was concerned, so I moved at the tail of his command to go to him. He took both of my hands and brought them up between us, setting them on his hard chest. Locking me into an intense gaze, he whispered, “Remember, you are chosen,” and promptly turned to walk us out onto the beach before I could even ask him what that meant.
Gnawing my lower lip between my teeth as we walked along the shore, I watched my feet press through the sand while contemplating how to broach telling him his temperament was both wearing me out and confusing me.
Trevillo was silent as ever, until I felt his hand starting to grow tighter around my fingers with each step forward. I could feel his agitation seeping through my own pores, so I glanced up at him. His gaze was fixed straight ahead, and when I followed it, my heart stopped beating.
Then my feet stopped walking.
Then my eyes stopped blinking.
Then my brain stopped working.
Trevillo stopped and closed his eyes, and it seemed we stood there immobile for a lifetime. When he opened his eyes and turned them to me, they were drowning in desperation, desire, love, and unbridled need.
“Please,” he whispered, raw and vulnerable.
Lost for words, I could only stutter, “I-I … we just … how can we? … I-I-I … ”
He took my left hand and brought it to his lips, then whispered, “Carpe Diem, Krissan. Please.”
The supplication in his eyes showed he didn’t just want this, he needed it. Yet I was flabbergasted, unsure of how to respond. It was all so sudden. So quick. How did I respond? Did I want this? Of course I did!
But, now?
Sighing, Trevillo lowered down to one knee as he pulled a small black box from his pocket and flicked it open. A stunning sapphire ring flanked by two colorless diamonds sat inside a slit of red velvet, beckoning. I couldn’t help the soft sob that escaped me.
A nervous habit of his, he rubbed his forehead before beginning, “I’m no good at this outpouring of feelings thing. Which is why I resorted to poems. And even that took a shitload of work and research.”
Despite the situation, I giggled.
He continued, “All I know is that I love you, Krissan Kingston. That I choose you. To be mine. Forever. To share my life with me. Forever. A friend of mine recently told me dickheads like me only get one chance at love. I’m a major fucking dickhead who doesn’t deserve even one chance. But I got one, nonetheless. I got you. And I want to seize the day. Marry me, Krissan Kingston. Be my wife. Be my forever. Be my chosen.”
With tears escaping from my eyes, rolling down my face, I asked, “You couldn’t keep your proposal clean and swear-word-free?”
His smile was hopeful. “Then I wouldn’t be me. This is me, Krissan. Have me.”
Taking a deep, steadying breath, I sought to be realistic. “You haven’t thought this through, Trev. You’re a mega-billionaire, and I haven’t signed a prenup.”
His eyes narrowed as he looked at me in disappointment. “Oh, I’ve thought this through. A lot. And you haven’t signed a prenup because I don’t want you to sign one.”
“That’s ludicrous! How can you — ”
“Listen,” he said with a bit too much force. Noticing this, he stopped and rubbed his forehead, took a calming breath, then tried again. “Krissan, you are not signing one. You don’t get the meaning behind being chosen, do you? It means you are it. I’m never going to leave you. I’ve been all. Seen all. Had all.
“I’m not being cocky here, but nothing in this world is a mystery to me anymore because I’ve owned it, governed it, and gave it all back when I found you. You are what I’ve been unwittingly trying to find. And now that I’ve found you, I’m never giving you up. If you decide to leave me, then you wouldn’t deserve half of what I own, you’d deserve all of what I own. You’d deserve my life. You could take it all. Because if you leave me, that would be my end.”
Pausing, he watched my tear-stained face and quivering lips for a minute before continuing, “So, Krissan Kingston, will you marry me?”
All of a sudden, I burst into exuberance and gushing tears. Carpe Diem. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes!”
Trevillo flashed a relieved smile as he got up to his feet and yanked me into a tight hug, complaining to the top of my head, “I can’t believe you kept me on my knees that long. The shit men have to go through … ”
Giggling like a dumb blond, I smacked his chest. He didn’t put the ring on my finger, but I figured that was because we were going to get married, like, right now.
Using his thumbs, he wiped the tears from my face and asked, “Ready?”
With a grin, I nodded, “Ready.”
Fingers laced together, we resumed our walk down the beach, a walk leading towards a flower archway. Beneath it was a priest clutching his Bible to his chest, Lovello and his pregnant fiancée, Axia, standing on the left, and Natalio and his wife, Sadie, standing on the right. Both couples were dressed in all-white, like Trevillo and me.
This was some surprise. I didn’t have the slightest hint they’d flown here, too. Planned this.
Now I understood why Trevillo had been so off and anxious. He was nervous about this. About asking me and how I’d react. Then I thought about how he pulled this off. Whether feigned or real, he had to be confident I would say ‘yes’ for him to plan this out so precisely.
I had to ask, “Were you just going to walk me down the aisle, sans proposal and get married?”
Trevillo chuckled, hard. “If you would let me, yes. I dreaded that down on one knee part. Shit like that gets a man’s nerves wreaking havoc, I’ll tell you that much.”
I laughed. This man. “You are so … different.”
“Nah, babe.” He shook his head. “I’m just me.”
As our feet hit the aisle of red carpet which was sprinkled with white rose petals, I couldn’t contain my excitement.
I was getting married!
My family and friends were going to be pissed they were excluded, but with my overly religious parents and bitter ‘brother’, I wouldn’t have preferred this any other way. Trevillo knew that. He knew me, and that was one of the main ingredients to a good relationship. His parents or friends weren’t here either, just his two brothers and their partners, as witnesses.
When we finally reached the priest, Lovello stepped out and patted Trevillo on the back. “Congratulations, man. I thought for a minute she was pulling an ‘Axia’ on you.”
His fiancée smacked him and narrowed her eyes.
Lovello looked at her, all innocent. “What? I’ve yet to receive a freakin’ wedding date from you.”
“Our baby isn’t even here yet!”
Trevillo held up a hand to stop their bickering. “Hey, hey! This is my wedding, okay? Could you two just chill with the bullshit for at least ten minutes?”
Natalio grumbled from the other side, “Christ. I’m tired of hearing them argue about this wedding date shit.”
“You’re one to talk,” Sadie mumbled beside him.
Natalio looked to her, confused. “What? What the hell did I do to you?”
On the other side, Lovello sulked, “I’ll stop when she gives me a date.”
I looked back to the right as Natalio, frowning, tilted Sadie’s face up to his, saying, “Baby, speak to me. What was that comment about?”
Sadie slapped his hand away from her face. “Leave me alone.”
The couple on the left regained my attention with their scuffling, and I watched as Axia pushed up against Lovello with her pregnant stomach jutting between them, threw her arms around his neck and engaged him in a rather deep, inappropriate kiss. “We will get married, Pretty Boy. We will.”
As Natalio started to say something to Sadie, Trevillo shouted, “My fucking wedding!”
Silence.
The priest tried stifling a laugh, while Trevillo scowled.
Sadie stepped forward and handed me the bouquet of red and white roses she held, “You’re exotically beautiful, Krissy,” she complimented. “And you aren’t even wearing make-up.”
“Thank you.”
The priest, a stocky man with squinted eyes, watched us for a while. Then, clearing his throat, he said, “Okay, now that everyone’s quieted, can we proceed with a clean, bicker-free, swear-words-free wedding?”
We all looked at each other, then in unison, we answered, “Ready.”



Chapter 34
T. Nelson
Chapter One
Armed with a bottle of ‘03 Petrus Pomerol and two polished wine glasses, Trevillo strode out of the kitchen and back out to the beach front, where his wife — wow, it felt good to say that — was lying in the sand, staring up at the moonlit sky’s peppering of ubiquitous stars.
As he stepped off the deck, he stopped and, curling his toes in the sand, he watched her for a minute. Simple as the sight was, it made his heart skip one, two, three beats.
She was now his wife.
He was now a married man.
She was now Krissan Nelson.
He was now her husband.
Trevillo shook his head at the reality of it. Surreal, but he’d never been happier. He felt as if the weight of a crashed, mangled, flaming train was shoved from his shoulders.
Over the past couple of days, he’d been a nervous shit-wreck. Anxiety had him gripped by the balls and refused to let go. Consumed with what this trip would lead to, its purpose: making Krissan his, legally and eternally. He worried over what to say to her, how he would say it, if she would think he was insane for springing this on her, and worst of all, if she would turn him down. He could deal with anything else but that.
He knew she thought his reticence and aloofness was on account of what happened. To some extent, it was. But his impending wedding was the main reason for his behavior.
What happened had affected him, a lot, yes. But he’d been over it since the second she walked onto his jet — glowing, fucking incandescent. And in that moment of silence when they’d gazed at each other, his heart, his love, his goddamn cockhead expanded to widths and lengths he couldn’t begin to fathom. Confused at the sudden onslaught of emotions, he’d frozen up, acting like an overused, worn-out asshole and almost lost her.
Now, after all the bullshit, she was lying here on his, uh, their beach with a million dollar ring on her finger and a new surname.
He knew both their families and friends would be pissed as shit for being excluded from their special moment. But that’s exactly what he wanted it to be: their special moment.
He wanted her to himself throughout it all. Not the interrupting friends and families with their inane rules about not seeing the bride before the wedding. Not the big, puffy dresses, the chit-chattering, the fussing, and all that excitement. He wanted everything to be just about them, in their most natural, unadorned state. Plain, real, authentic. Just as they were.
The handful of family members he did invite as witnesses almost ruined it with their inability let his and Krissan’s moment be theirs. He almost regretted inviting them.
It certainly proved his point. Just imagine what could have happened if he’d invited everyone.
Laughing to himself, Trevillo shook his head and made his way through the sand, resuming the short walk to his wife — fuck, he just loved saying that. His wife. Will it ever get old?
Nah, he doubted it.
Stopping at the blanket spread out beside her, he set the items in his hands down on it, rounded to the other side and laid down beside her, leaning back on his elbows.
Eyes trained up to the sky, her features were relaxed and content. This was one of her beautiful moments — she’s always beautiful, of course — but sometimes, like now, she was flat-out radiant.
“What’re you thinking about?”
It was a question he always tried to stop himself from asking each time he looked at her, fearing he might sound like a whipped sissy. But he constantly wondered what went on in her head, what she thought about, where her mind spent most of its time. Was it always on him? Her music? Him? Her job? Him? Her family? Him?
He wanted it to be him. All the time. He wanted her thoughts consumed by him. Was that selfish? Or was it cocky? He didn’t care. He held his breath and hoped he’d get his wish.
“This is how I was found as child. Lying on the seashore. Unwanted. Unloved. Unowned.”
Slowly, she turned her head and looked at him, the rare blue of her irises were almost luminescent with moon’s gloss reflecting on them.
“I thought my second chance at life was when my parents adopted me. But now I know it wasn’t, because I’ve never forgiven my biological parents for not wanting me, and I’ve never allowed my adoptive parents to love me the way they wanted. I’ve never accepted anyone’s love. Until you.”
She took a deep breath and held his gaze. “Trev, you are my second chance at life. My soul was left on the waves of the ocean, it stayed there when I was found as a child. So I’ve been walking around life empty, without a soul, without emotion. And you, unknowingly, brought me back to face the ocean, to restore my soul from the captivity of the waves. I’m here a second time on the seashore. But this time, I’m wanted. This time, I’m loved. This time, I’m owned.”
Trevillo wasn’t sure how to respond to that revelation. It was probably the most Krissan had ever opened up to him. But he wasn’t comfortable dealing with that kind of insight just yet. Relationship wise, he was somewhat tactless, insensitive. But he realized this was one of those times the partner’s job was to just listen and be present. He sucked big time at this, however, so he could be wrong.
When she raised a slim, delicate hand up to his face and gave him an appreciative smile, he was convinced he did the right thing by just listening.
See? He was learning.
“Is it unfair to others of the world that I’m so content?” she asked in that whispery voice of hers. “So happy?”
“Have you always been this happy?”
“Never.”
“Then how is it unfair that you, after twenty-six years, have finally found your happiness?”
Her eyes skittered away for a beat as she seemed to ponder this. Then a wide smile brightened her face as she shifted her gaze back to him and said, “Much so you love I.”
I love you so much.
Trevillo smirked. “You wouldn’t have married me in the same minute I proposed if you didn’t love me.”
One brow lifted in a perfect arch. “You can be nastily arrogant sometimes, you know that?”
In mock shock, Trevillo dropped his mouth open and brought a hand to his chest. “Since when did undying, indubitable, passionate, overflowing, abounding love become arrogance?”
She bubbled into a fit of giggles, and Trevillo knew for the rest of his life, he would never become immune to the sound. Krissan’s voice was soft and airy, breathy when she’s angry, and much like a feather’s caress when she laughs. It was that voice — her voice — and its ethereal quality that would make his death a peaceful one.
“Since you did it,” she answered, “Since you loved.”
Her words were true. Love had indeed transformed to arrogance if he could do it. In his mind, love was a decision. It took confidence and guts to make a life-altering — perfect decision.
Close to a year ago, he remembered confessing to Axia how much he wanted to experience this ‘thing’ he now felt. What he hadn’t realized back then, was that by just those words, he’d made a decision to love. He’d been searching since then and hadn’t even realized it until Krissan walked into his office. He knew in that moment he’d found what he wasn’t aware he was looking for.
The decision was made.
An angel’s feather was found, then chosen.
Then love happened.
My life is complete, my purpose is fulfilled, he thought. But when he looked at Mrs. Nelson peering up at him through those exotic blue eyes, with those rose-red lips sinfully parted, he knew that wasn’t fully the case.
Lying back on the sand, he reached across for her and hauled her on top of him. Hands cupping her face, he kissed her with a ravishing greed, much longer than he intended. It always happened whenever he kissed her, even when he meant to go slow. There was no control with her, because she tasted that good.
The kiss came to an end sometime in the next lifetime, and they were both struggling for breath, yet he managed to rasp out, “I suggest you get used to my nasty arrogance, Mrs. Krissan Nelson. Because I’m going to ‘arrogantly’ love you to death. Hard. Fierce. Fast. Savagely. I’m gonna be one cocky ass husband.”
Grinning, she breathlessly whispered, “Ditto,” before crashing her lips back down to his.
Thirty-two years of sins, and Trevillo Nelson’s life had only just begun.
This was chapter fucking one.



Series Epilogue
The Nelsons’ Happily Ever After
Five years into the future …



Natalio & Sadie
“Arrrgh!! Nothing fits!”
Crash!
Clatter!
Clang!
Natalio winced as he swiftly escaped his wife’s wrath and sought refuge in Nathan’s room, closing the door behind him. His son’s room was his safe haven whenever Sadie had one of her ‘I’m-too-fat’ meltdowns. He’d long ago given up explaining to her the ‘fat’ she hates so much wouldn’t go away if she continued to find excuses not to workout with him in the mornings and continued eating greasy pepperoni pizza every single day. She never listened.
Yet, whenever she had to dress to go out, she would trip into a pit of depression, or more like a tumultuous meltdown, becoming quite hazardous to any unlucky bastard in her vicinity. Natalio knew to stay as far away from her as possible in those moments.
Truth be told, he loved her new size. What she called ‘baby fat’, he called curves. If she was as fat and unattractive as she thought, he wouldn’t ‘suggest’ she workout with him in the mornings; he’d haul her ass out of bed and force her to workout. And put her on a diet.
But ‘fat’ was far from what his wife was. In his eyes, she was sexier than she’d ever been. Her curves were now accentuated and exaggerated, her thighs were a little thicker — those, he loved — her lips were fuller, and her rack was wolf-whistle worthy.
Nonetheless, he couldn’t tell her his true thoughts, or he’d be ducking flying bricks the next second. She accused him of saying those things just to make her feel better, so he kept his compliments to himself.
Hearing another loud crash echo from their bedroom, Natalio unbuttoned his suit jacket and lowered himself down into an armchair next to his son’s crib. They were going to be late, and Marcello would be pissed. Thanksgiving dinner with the family was scheduled to commence in less than an hour, and Sadie’s meltdown had yet to subside.
Shrugging to himself, he thought, better Marcello’s wrath than my wife’s.
A faint hiccup sounded from Nathan’s crib, and he peered inside to check if the little bugger was awake. Of course, he was awake with all that crashing and clanging his mother was making.
Natalio stood and reached inside the crib, and bundling Nathan into his arms, he sat back down. The heart-swelling feeling that always overcame him each time he looked at his son flooded in again.
At eight months old, Nathan was a chubby little man with piercing blue eyes and a head of thick, raven hair. He looked exactly like his father with no traits from his mother. That pissed Sadie off, the fact that Nathan took nothing from her, except to make her “fat and unattractive”.
“Hear that,” he whispered, as he heard another crashing sound. “Mommy’s wreaking havoc because of you.”
Nathan just glared up at him. Another thing: since this little boy was born, he never smiled. Ever. It was frightening to most people, but Natalio loved he was such an intimidating little thing at eight months.
Nathan’s hands were perpetually fisted and he never, ever kicked or wiggled about like normal babies. Most of the time, he was still and quiet, far from a nuisance. The only time he made any noise was when he was hungry. He would open his mouth wide and let out one long, unwavering shriek until his mother’s breast was in his mouth.
He didn’t drink from bottles, and he accepted no kind of infant formulas whatsoever. That sucker forced the bottle out with his tongue, narrowing his eyes, and shrieking like a motherfucker until he got the real deal — Sadie’s breast. Yet another thing that pissed Sadie off; she couldn’t go anywhere without him because of that.
Everyone thought him to be a strange little baby, but Natalio loved him to pieces.
As he trailed an idle finger down his son’s cherub cheek, Nathan reached up and latched on to it, not letting go. Natalio leaned back into the armchair and let him hold on to his finger, sighing contentedly.
He’d waited forever for Sadie to give him this, this little bundle, this little piece of joy. She refused to have a child until he gave up his need to maneuver all his businesses simultaneously, a controlling need rendering him absent from home quite a bit.
He wanted a family. He wanted this son. So between work and family, he chose her. Their family. And he was glad he did. Pissed he hadn’t done it sooner. Because he never, in all his life, felt so settled, peaceful, unstressed, and downright content. He loved being home, close to his child and his wife. So he worked a lot from home now, having meetings via Skype and only leaving when he had to. That made Sadie an extremely happy woman, and that’s all he ever wanted.
To make his wife happy.
Minutes passed by, and Nathan still held on to Natalio’s forefinger. He also noticed the clanking and clanging had quieted. Not long after, he heard stiletto heels clicking down the hall and doors opening and closing. His wife had finally calmed down and was searching the house for him.
Nathan’s room door opened, and Sadie popped her head in. Finding his hiding place, she pushed the door open wider and stepped inside.
Natalio’s heart shifted in his chest.
Christ, it never grows hoary.
Wasn’t this schoolboy, heart-pounding feeling supposed to die a brutal death or fade into indifference after spending years with the same woman? Wasn’t his lust switch supposed to be turned off by now, especially after witnessing his son’s head being forced out of her? Wasn’t he supposed to be like, “eh, that’s just my wife, whatever” after going to sleep with her every night, waking up next to her every morning, seeing her every day?
That’s what the world says. What divorced couples say. What people who are miserable in their relationships say.
But with his wife, there was none of that. His heart still beats a million thuds a minute — as it was doing at the moment — whenever he saw her. Especially when she was dressed like this.
Sadie was breathtakingly beautiful in a flowing red gown clinging to her curves like leeches, a long split traveling up her right thigh. Her hips were wider now, rounder, which made her slim waist all the more pronounced. Her full breasts filled out the deep V at the front of her dress perfectly — seeking his attention. A wild mess as usual, her honey-brown hair flowed around her shoulders and down her back in a riot of curls. He really loved when she straightened her hair, but the curls were just as much of a turn on.
“I scared you off again, huh?” she said, flashing him a sheepish smile as she walked up to him.
“Just steering clear of flying missiles, that’s all.”
She groaned and covered her face with her hands. “I’m so sorry … ”
“It’s okay, baby,” he assured her. “You can have as many hissy fits as you want. It doesn’t bother me. I know how to get out of range.”
Dropping her hands from her face, she looked at him with sheer determination. “I’m going to start working out with you in the mornings, and go on a diet, and stop eating, oh God, pizza.”
Natalio had heard it all before, but when he woke her up in the mornings to go down to the basement gym with him, she would always start singing a different tune. He wanted her to be comfortable with her body, but it was all up to her. For him, it didn’t matter if she was slim or curvy, he loved her both ways. “Okay.”
Her eyes squinted at him. “You don’t believe me, don’t you?”
“What?” he asked innocently. “All I said was ‘okay’.”
“I know you don’t believe me.”
Shifting Nathan — who still hadn’t let go of his finger — to the crook of his left arm, Natalio wrapped his free hand around his wife’s wrist and pulled her down onto the right side of his lap. “Don’t curse me out for saying this, but, baby, you look absolutely gorgeous right now. You keep taking my breath away like this, I’m not sure how much longer I’ll live.”
Her features arranged in a scowl. “I’m fat!”
“You’re sexy.”
“My face is chubby.”
“You’re beautiful, and I love you.”
He leaned in and kissed her, meaning for it to be short and soft, but it morphed into something more, something deep, something waking the third person in the middle of his lap.
At the sound of a giggle, they both froze, lips still melded together. Nah, that wasn’t a giggle; it couldn’t be. Natalio shook it off and resumed kissing his wife, thinking how much he wanted to throw her up against a wall for a quick explosion before leaving for the dinner. As Sadie greedily dug her fingers in his hair and started kissing him deeper, the giggle sounded again.
Both freezing again, they slowly turned their heads to the left where Nathan was resting in the crook of his daddy’s arm with a toothless grin on his face. A grin!
“Oh my God, is he … ?”
“Yes, go get your camera, cellphone, whatever!” Natalio said quickly.
Sadie leaped off his lap and rushed out of the room, but by the time she came back with her cellphone, Nathan had returned to his usual glaring. This little dude was peculiar, to say the least.
“You think it’s because we were kissing?” Sadie asked, looking disappointed she didn’t get Nathan’s first smile on camera. “We’ve never done that in front of him before.”
Natalio shrugged. “Could be.” Grasping her wrist, he yanked her back down on his lap. “Let’s try again.”
Their lips met in a kiss again, and, yes, the giggle came again. Sadie pulled back and turned to snap a picture with her cellphone, but Nathan’s grin disappeared in a flash.
“Ughh!” she growled in frustration.
Natalio laughed. “I guess we’ll have to take the picture while we’re kissing. Angle the camera towards him and just snap when you hear him giggle. Trick his ass.”
They began kissing again, and when the giggle sounded this time around, instead of parting, they kept kissing while Sadie awkwardly snapped photos of Nathan until she felt she had enough shots. The second their lips parted, Nathan stopped giggling, his face serious.
Sadie jumped off Natalio’s lap, pointed a finger at her son, and said, “My God, our baby is a frickin’ pervert! Just when I thought he couldn’t get any weirder!”
Natalio laughed so hard, his stomach hurt. For the first time, he had to agree Nathan was a strange one.
Nathan stared at his mother long and hard and suddenly opened his little mouth and shrieked. Sadie rushed over to scoop him up, and in a second, Nathan suckled at her breast.
Pushing up from the armchair, Natalio wrapped an arm around his wife’s shoulder, still grinning, until Nathan’s blue eyes shifted to him, his mouth eagerly suckling his mother. The way the kid was staring at him, though, made him frown a bit. It’s like he was saying, “Back off, fucker. It’s my turn now.”
It was in that moment Natalio understood what others meant when they said Nathan was scary, because, sure as shit, his eight month old baby was scaring him a bit.
“Marcello’s gonna have a shit hemorrhage,” Sadie said.
With a quick glance at his Rolex, Natalio noted they had less than fifteen minutes to get to the dinner. “Oh Shit.”
Arm wrapped around his wife’s waist, Natalio propelled Sadie out of the room, retrieving his keys along the way as they bustled out of their house.
Nathan was still suckling his mother without pause as they climbed into his Hummer and sped off.
Marcello was going to blow his shit.



Love & Axia
“…so Daddy said, ‘if you have lunch with me, I’ll quit your class’. But what Mommy didn’t know was Daddy planned on charming her.”
“Like with fairy dust?”
Lovello chuckled. “Yeah, something like that. So, Mommy caved and went to lunch with Daddy and fell instantly in love with him, saying, ‘Oh, Love, you are the most perfect, handsome, amazing man ever. Please, please, please make me your wife, and I’ll make you lots and lots of banana fritters. Te amo, Te amo. Me love you long time.”
From somewhere nearby, Lovello heard Axia scoff, “Oh, please!”, but he ignored it and continued, “So, like a boss, Daddy shrugged and said, ‘Well, okay, if you want to marry me that bad, have at it — because Daddy loved banana fritters, you see. So — ’”
Axia barged into the living room with narrowed pussycat-gray eyes and flaring nostrils, her protruding pregnant stomach stretching the slinky material of a remarkable emerald-green cocktail gown. Stunning. “Stop lying to her!”
“I’m bonding with my daughter here,” Lovello said, waving her off. “Do you mind?”
“That not wut I was told, Daddy,” Lovette said, shaking her head wildly, her ringlets of jet-black curls bouncing on her shoulders. “Uncle Twev said Mommy was the … the ul … um … ulteeemayte bitch.”
Jaw dropping, eyes widening, Lovello gaped. “Lovely, honey, that’s a very bad word. Don’t ever use it again, okay?”
Lovette’s bright gray eyes stretched wide, the way they usually did whenever she thought she was in trouble — and she got into trouble quite often because she was a peppery brat like her mother.
“I’m very sorry, Daddy. I won’t use the bad word again.” Nose wrinkling, she asked, “What-what about shit?”
Lovello felt like he was about to have an apoplexy. He could hear Axia trying to stifle a laugh.
“No!” he blasted, a little too harshly. “Where did you hear these words, Lovely?”
“Uncle Twev,” she said simply. “He says those are good bad words. But he says I should never say foo … um, fuque, because that is a bad, bad word.”
“Oh Jesus Christ!” he blasted again, jolting up straight in the sofa where he’d been indolently sprawled with Lovette on his lap. “No, Lovely, you should never, ever say fuque, or bitch or shit. None of those words are good words, got that?”
Lovette nodded, looking a bit terrified.
Fuming, he turned his glare to Axia and gritted out, “He’s not allowed to come anywhere near my daughter again.”
Axia rolled her eyes. “He’s your brother, and he’s her uncle. You can’t keep him away from her.”
“Well then, I’m going to kill him.”
“No, Daddy, no!” Lovette screamed. Then she immediately burst into tears. “Please don’t kill uncle Twev, Daddy. I luv him. He lets me mix the batter for the chocolate chip cookies and … and he names his sweet vanilla ice-cweam Princess Lovely. I have my own ice-cweam!” Lovette clung to him and cried harder, her face pressed into his arm, soaking his suit jacket with her tears. “Please, please don’t kill my uncle Twev.”
Taken aback, Lovello cast a sheepish glance over to Axia who was full on scowling at him. “Why would you say something like that in front of her when you know Trev’s her favorite person?”
Because I didn’t know she would erupt into a blubbering mess?
Cupping his daughter’s face and wiping her tears away with his thumbs, he assured her, “I’m not going to kill Uncle Trev, Lovely. I promise.”
Adorable as ever, she sniffled as she nodded and leaned up to kiss his cheek. “Thank you so, so much, Daddy, for not killing my Uncle Twev. Luv you.”
“Rosa!” Axia bellowed, sounding a little miffed.
Rosa was there the next minute eyeing Axia with a worried expression, no doubt thinking she was probably going into labor with the way she bellowed her name. “Miss Blacksille, everything fine?”
“Yes, yes.” She waved her hand to Lovette. “Please, can you take Lovely upstairs and clean up her face? We’re going to be late for the Thanksgiving dinner, and her jackass of a father just reduced her to tears.”
“Sure, Miss Blacksille,” Rosa nodded and went to retrieve Lovette.
Lovello didn’t want to let go of his daughter; he wanted to sit with her and continue telling her fabricated stories. But Axia was right, they should’ve left for the dinner already, and here they were, loafing around.
Once Lovette and Rosa were out of the living room, Axia cast him an odd glance as she glided across the room and carefully sat down next to him on the sofa. “I need to talk to you about something … ”
Oh shit.
Lovello drew in a panicky breath. Axia Talks were rare, and they almost never ended well. She was that unpredictable kind of woman: he could never tell what she would do or say next. She was volatile, turbulent, bitchy, with a sprinkle of sweet softness, and a full dose of solid commitment.
Axia Blacksille, the woman he loved more than his next breath. The said breath he was holding now, fearing what was going to come out of her mouth.
You see, five years had passed, Lovette was grown and snarky like her mother, and Axia was still his fiancée. Nope, they never got married, because she was still trying to see “how things flow”. Even though they were going strong, growing more and more obsessed with each other, getting even closer and becoming one … it wasn’t enough for her to give him a wedding date.
He’d given up on the prospect of them ever getting married, and had taken a different route instead to secure her as his.
Taking drastic measures, he paid off Marian, her doctor, a generous sum to inform him of Axia’s ovulating days. Getting Marian to do that wasn’t facile per se, but money, money had unlimited power.
With that bought information, whenever she ovulated, he made sure to have sex with her as often as possible, hard, deep and penetrative, so his latent Nelsons would surely break through her egg. Then, he watched and waited. It took a couple of tries, a descent wait, until one day he heard those sweet, soothing words, “Love, I’m pregnant.”
Work well done.
If she didn’t want to get married, he intended to keep her knocked up so she’d never leave him. He wanted her secured, tied down to him. Losing Axia was his greatest fear, and he didn’t have the bond of marriage to assuage those fears. He feared losing her.
Every. Single. Day.
And now, she wanted to talk. Plus, she was wringing her hands in her lap — not at all Axia’s style. His fiancée was a total badass, she didn’t do nervous. She shot straight and told it like was.
Lovello tried combating the burn starting behind his eyes at the mere thought of Axia leaving him. Saying it’s over. Taking their daughter …
But he glanced down at her protruding, seven-month-old stomach and pushed back the burning sensation, feeling stupid. She wouldn’t leave me while she’s pregnant.
“So, I’ve been thinking … ” she trailed off, staring down at her twisting hands.
Slipping a finger under her chin, he tipped her head up. “What is it?”
“Let’s … let’s get married.”
Lovello felt a grin take up residence on his face at the same time he released a relieved sigh. “Beauts, I’ve been saying that for the past five or so years.”
Leaning in to him, she brushed her thumb over his lower lip, staring at them as she said, “I know. But I’ve always been afraid.”
“Of what?”
“I don’t know,” she groaned, sounding frustrated with herself, while her eyes remained on his lips. She’d always been obsessed with his lips. Just to screw with her, he licked them, and, as expected, her breathing hitched.
“But, I’m not afraid anymore,” Axia continued. “I know now you won’t ever leave me. I know now you’ll never change into some unidentifiable monster. I know now you won’t become bored and cheat on me with some long-legged model, secretly lavishing her with expensive jewelry, buying her cars, and paying her rent. I know now I’m it for you, so, I’m saying yes. I’ll marry you.”
Lovello raised a brow at her. He would never cheat on her. Never. She was indeed it for him. Full stop. However, he would much prefer to not be so transparent, he preferred to retain a bit of mystery to him, thank you very much. He would prefer it if she had even the tiniest bit of doubt and mistrust in him. If she didn’t, then he was just a pansy of some sort, wasn’t he?
“How are you so positive that I’ve never cheated on you?”
Axia’s lips crooked up in an evil grin as she finally pulled her eyes away from his lips and met his gaze. “Because,” she dragged out. “I’ve had a PI on you for over a year.”
What? “What?”
“You heard me.” She shrugged, as if she had every right. “You were a womanizer before me. I had to be sure that one woman and a baby — two now — would be enough to make you settle.”
Lovello shot up from the sofa, hands balled into tight fists. He glared at her, lost for words and began pacing the room. He could not believe she did that! For over a year she was spying on him? All this time he thought she genuinely trusted him. But no, she needed solid proof before she could give him her trust. Why was he even surprised? This was Axia goddamn Blacksille, he should’ve seen this coming.
He stopped pacing and pointed an angry finger in her face, unable to come up with anything coherent except, “If we were married, I’d divorce you, you … you vile, manipulative, deceiving bitch!”
Axia slapped his hand from her face and tried to spring up from the sofa to face him, but wobbled and fell back down. Lovello caught her arms and helped her up.
His fiancée was a woman who hated feeling inferior. She liked to fight eye to eye, and just as much, he liked having her angry pussycat-gray eyes glaring up at him — a definite turn on. So he helped her to her feet.
When she made it to her feet, she pointed a slim, well-manicured finger in his face, just as he did her. “You hypocrite! Don’t you dare stand there and judge me! I did what I had to do to make sure you’re mine only, just like you did what you had to do to make sure I remain yours.”
Lovello bit down on his lip and eyed her warily. She couldn’t possibly know, could she?
Jutting her finger further in his face so it was pressing against his forehead, she answered his unasked question, “Yes, I know you got me pregnant again on purpose!”
“How?”
“Seriously? Love, you are the sloppiest person I’ve ever met in my entire life. Did you really expect me to not find out?” She laughed derisively. “I was putting your phone on the charger one night when a text came in from Marian, my doctor, telling you I’m ovulating. That’s how.”
Uh-oh.
Lovello was kind of a sloth. If Axia didn’t charge his phone, it never got charged. So he should’ve thought about that and used emails instead. However … “If you knew I was trying to knock you up, why were you always so responsive to me? You never once said no.”
Sighing, Axia came up to him and hugged him as close as her stomach would allow. “Because, one, I can never resist your touch. And, two, I wanted you to get me pregnant. I love being a mother, and I especially love being your bitch.”
Lovello released a sigh of his own and kissed the top of her head. He didn’t know what else to say except he loved her. Every part of her. To bits and pieces. She was his life, his all, his dream, his wet-dream, his past, and his future.
The thought of death one day ripping them apart forced a tear from his eye. He wished life wasn’t temporary, so that he could have this woman and her love in his arms for eternity. He wished there would be no end to their story, that it could go on and on. He wished they would never have to become history, but that time would stand still and let them live and love forever.
Hearing her sniffle, he had a feeling she felt the same. Love could be as powerful as that sometimes.
Axia tilted her head back and peered up at him with watery eyes. “Love … ” she trailed off.
Taking a deep breath, he said, “I know.”
They stood that way for a long time, both wishing life and love was eternal.
“Mommy, Daddy, are we still going over to Granddaddy’s for Thanksgiving dinner?”
Their daughter’s voice broke through the moment, bringing them back to now.
Lovello glanced down at his Richard Mille watch and saw they had less than fifteen minutes to get to the dinner. “Oh shit.”
Axia swore too, and at that, they both froze and looked at each other. Turning to Lovette, they said in unison, “Still a bad word.”
Folding her lips, Lovette nodded.
Axia rushed to get her purse while Lovello grabbed up Lovette, tucking her to his side. In the next minute, they were bustling out of the house.
Marcello was going to flip his shit.



Trev & Krissy
Part 1
“Krissannnnn! Quit fucking around and make me fucking come! We’re gonna be late.”
One second his cock was in her mouth, and the next second it wasn’t, and in the next second, her palm was slapping his face. “I told you not to swear, and you did. Twice.”
Trevillo wasn’t happy.
His entire body was seized with need, every sense heightened, his dick throbbing and begging for release, and this little vixen was fucking with him.
But what could he do about it? He was cuffed to the goddamn bed.
An hour ago, they’d been dressed and ready for the family’s Thanksgiving dinner, planning to arrive earlier than everyone else to get on Marcello’s good side.
Krissan asked him to fasten her necklace for her. But as he tried carrying out the effortless task, he couldn’t resist kissing her neck. Then, he couldn’t stop kissing her neck. Then, his ever-willing wife turned around, and their lips collided. Then, they were naked. Now, here he was, standing at the side of the bed with one hand cuffed to one of the end posts.
It never got old with them.
Narrowing his eyes, he hissed out, “We’re going to be late, and Marcello’s going to kill us.”
Unperturbed, Krissan shrugged and took a step away from him. “I’m not un-cuffing you until you come.”
Trevillo leaned forward, getting in her face. “Then get back down on your knees and put my fucking cock in your mouth.”
Smirking, she drawled, “As if I’ll make it that easy for you. I told you not to swear and you did, so … ” she trailed off and sashayed farther away from him, down to the edge of the bed, wearing nothing but black stilettos.
Climbing onto the bed, she kept her knees right on the edge and bent over doggy-style, taunting him with her glistening pink lips, wet and open. Trevillo bit down on his bottom lip and curled his toes to calm his frantic, overexcited nerves.
Little Minx.
Krissan slid a hand through her parted thighs and began pleasuring herself as she mumbled into the sheets, “If you don’t find a way to get over here, I’m gonna come without you, leave you cuffed to the bed, and go to the dinner by myself. And no, self-induced orgasm doesn’t count. You have to come inside me if you want me to un-cuff you.”
Trevillo wanted to strangle her, that’s what he wanted. He always let her restrain him because he fucking loved it, but whenever he failed her tests or broke her rules, she always did some frustrating shit like this.
Eyeing the hand cuffed to the bedpost and the distance between them, he took as many steps as his restraint allowed, but still couldn’t reach her. It was pointless. He almost resigned himself to her punishment until he heard her emit a deep, throaty moan.
No, can do. He needed to be inside her. Now.
Trevillo moved forward again until the handcuffs bucked with a light jingle on the bedpost. His height blessed him with flexible long legs, so he tossed one leg up on the bed, hooked his foot around her right thigh, and yanked.
Krissan fell flat on her face with an “oomph”, causing her right arm to flail out close enough to him. He quickly grabbed her arm with his free hand and hauled her tiny ass across the bed to him.
He singlehandedly brought her under his control and set her back up to her knees. She giggled at the swift and unexpected takeover, but Trevillo wasn’t in the laughing mood.
His free hand kept her still by gripping her waist.
Bringing his lips to her ear, he hissed, “How many times do I have to tell you, Krissan? Even when I’m restrained, I’m still the one in control. Quit fucking with me!”
He nudged his throbbing head at her soaked entrance, waited a second for her to catch her breath, and sent himself the fuck home. Deep — where he knew no man, other than him, ever reached.
“Ohhhhhgod!” she cried out, her back instinctively arching up at his forceful cock-slam.
Trevillo used his forearm to keep her back straight. She was going to take it just as he gave it tonight. “Stay the fuck down,” he growled. “I’m going to fuck you so deep and so hard, when we walk into the dinner tonight, people are going to take one look at you and know what the fuck we’ve been up to.”
His wife let out a long, loud moan in response. Threats like that only served to get her riled up even more. She didn’t fear him or the wrath of his dick. She embraced it.
Most times, she screamed muddled things, like now: “Ohgodmigod, Trev, yesyes! Love much so me love. Marry me. Please!”
“We’re already married,” he grunted, as he drilled harder, deeper.
“Okay … okay … then,” she panted out, “then make me come. Hard. Shatter my brain, Trev.”
God, I love this woman.
“Roger that.”
Afterwards, they both began scrambling around the bedroom, hurriedly getting redressed for the dinner. This was typical for them when they were supposed to go anywhere together. They tended to get … distracted.
As Trevillo stood at the dresser fastening his belt buckle, he noticed, in the reflection of the mirror, Krissan was moving a little suspiciously over by the chest of drawers.
Her underwear drawer was open, and she furtively shuffled around in the drawer, while keeping an eye over her shoulder to watch his movements.
Acting normal, as if he hadn’t noticed, he shrugged on his suit jacket and said, “Hurry, babe.”
At that, she closed her fist around something, something minuscule, shut the drawer, and sidled towards the door, throwing him a “Ready when you are. Meet you by the elevator.”
As she slipped through the bedroom door, Trevillo wasted no time in quietly following her. He was out the door just in time to see her pop whatever she held in her hand straight into her mouth, making a beeline for the kitchen.
She was hiding something from him.
Catching up with her in a few determined strides, he caught her arm before she could turn on the tap at the kitchen sink and spun her around to face him. “What did you just put in your mouth?”
Krissan’s eyes widened a fraction as guilt swept across her features. Her mouth wobbled as she tried to swallow whatever was in it, but Trevillo quickly grabbed her face and squeezed her cheeks to stop her.
“Don’t,” he warned. What the fuck was she hiding? “Let me see.”
She stared up at him in hesitant defiance, and he glowered down at her, challenging her bravado. She let out a resigned sigh and opened her mouth, revealing a tiny yellow pill sitting on her tongue. The same yellow pills he begged her to stop taking three years ago.
Birth control. She was still taking them. All this time. All this fucking time!
Trevillo felt as if all the air had been sucked out of the room, he couldn’t breathe. I can’t breathe.
Dropping his hand from her face, he did the best he could do at the time: turned and walked away from her, feeling like he was walking on air. Seeing nothing but black. Just black. Feeling like his lungs were failing him. His eyes burned, as if he’d been thrown into a room of fire and smoke. Dark, dusty, debris-carrying smoke. His chest burned, too. Even his heart. Every fucking thing burned.
Am I in hell or something? I know, I’ve sinned, quite a lot. But, I’ve also changed quite a lot. So, can a guy get a fucking break?!
His wife, the woman who meant the world to him, was deceiving him.
For three years.
For three goddamn years, he tried getting her pregnant, thinking she was off the pill. Because she told him she was off them. Because he, her husband, begged her to get the fuck off them.
At one point, he thought maybe she was barren and sent her to a specialist. Everything came back normal. But that’s because she’d lied to him, for three years. She didn’t want to have his kids. She didn’t love him. She lied. She didn’t love him. She lied. She didn’t love him.
Trevillo entered his bedroom, slamming the door behind him. Numbly, he walked over to the dresser and pressed his palms flat on its cherry-wood surface, attempting to calm his nerves by taking a couple of deep inhales and steady exhales.
Nope. It wasn’t working.
With each deep breath he took, it felt like he was inhaling rage, his blood growing hotter and his vision waxing darker. He raised his head and looked at his reflection in the mirror. Hard blue eyes glared back at him. He was so ugly. He fucking hated himself. This shit hurts. Why didn’t she love him? Why didn’t she want his children? Why didn’t she love him?
A feral noise traveled up his burning throat and blasted out of his mouth the same time his fist smashed into the mirror. He watched as it shattered into sharp splinters and shards. That wasn’t enough. Rage was still there, roiling in his veins.
This. Shit. Fucking. Hurts!
With one swift movement of his right hand, he swept all the overpriced colognes neatly arranged on the dresser down to the floor, and watched as they all exploded into pieces, the strong scent of mixed fragrances swiftly rising in the air.
Letting rage manifest itself, he spun around and began ripping the bedroom apart, flipping every piece of worthless furniture on its head, breaking every breakable thing, ruining everything that could be ruined by his hands. Destroying.
He heard the bedroom door open, and from the periphery of his vision, he could see his wife approaching him with caution. “Stay the fuck back, Krissan.”
She stopped in her tracks, but sounded determined as she said, “You wouldn’t hit me.”
Of course he wouldn’t hit her! Was she fucking crazy? She was his life, his future, his beginning, his fucking end. He never even thought of hurting her, even if she begged him to. But he couldn’t show that vulnerable side to her. Not tonight. He preferred it if she feared him.
Whirling around to face her, he spurned, “Shut it! You don’t know what the fuck I would or wouldn’t do.”
Squaring her shoulders, Krissan defiantly lifted her chin and said, “You promised me you’d never hurt me.”
Really?
“People break their promises, as much as people lie,” he gritted out. “Just as you lied to me. Been lying to me. For three years. Three. Fucking. Years! So don’t give me any bullshit about ‘promises’.”
Holding his glare without so much as blinking, she told him, “You keep your promises because you are a good person on the inside. Even though people take one look at you and see nothing but bad — the excessive use of swear words, the rebellious behavior, the arrogance, all the ugly — I know you and know you are good.
“With me, people take one look and see nothing but good, saintliness, purity, innocence — which is all an illusion. On the inside, I’m bad. I break my promises. I lie. I take and never give. I value pleasure more than morals. I let fear control me.”
“No shit,” he acrimoniously shot back.
Striding towards his wife, he cupped her face in his hands, tilting her head back so he could look deep into her beguiling eyes and tell her, “Krissan Nelson, you are the most selfish person I have ever met in my entire life. I’m wounded right now. Fucking broken.”
Shoulders slumping, eyes shuttering down, a sigh left her nostrils as she whispered, “I’m sorry.”
She was sorry.
That was it.
She was sorry.
After three years of deceiving him, all she could say was she was sorry.
Trevillo’s hands fell away from her face, and he went to plop down on the end of the bed — the only piece of furniture in the room not toppled over on its head.
Dropping his face in his hands, he tried to be a man and keep his balls intact by not shedding a single tear, even though there was a strong burn behind his eyes.
This. Shit. Fucking. Hurts.
He didn’t know what else to say at this point. What to do. Where to go from here. All he knew was he couldn’t live without her. He couldn’t.
However, he wanted a family. He needed a family. With her. He couldn’t see anyone else being the mother of his children. But, if she didn’t want to have his children, then …
“Why don’t you love me, Krissan?”
Silence extended between them, and when he raised his head to look at her, her face was red with anger. “Are you being serious right now? You think I’d marry someone I didn’t love?”
“Maybe I bullied you into it.”
“You didn’t bully me into anything!” she yelled. “I married you because I love you. More than oxygen. More than functioning lungs and a beating heart. More than sight, hearing, and my sense of touch.”
“But not more than yourself,” he pointed out.
Her perfect white teeth clamped down on her bottom lip as she lowered her head, pleading the fifth.
“You swore before God, a priest and my two brothers, Krissan, you’d be my wife.”
Her head snapped up. “I am your wife!”
“Partially,” he returned. “A wife gives her husband children, builds a family, a home. A wife doesn’t deceive her husband, breaks her promises. A wife respects and honors her husband in every way.”
A nervous habit of hers, Krissan wiped her hands down her silk covered thighs. She was resplendent in a gold evening dress that hugged her curves with such perfection, one knew the dress was specifically made for her. She allowed her hair to grow over the years, only to chop it off again into a sharp, white-blonde bob cropping just below her chin. The style gave her a fierce, edgier look.
His wife was a woman who kept it fresh, forever changing things up, and he loved her all the more for it. She made sure he stayed in love with her by making herself become every other woman out there, so he wouldn’t ever feel as though he was missing out on anything — which probably wasn’t her intention, but that surely was the results.
This beautiful, glowing woman was his wife.
“This has nothing to do with you and my love for you,” she humbly stated. “But everything to do with me, my selfishness, insecurities, and fear.”
“What are you insecure about? What do you fear?” he demanded to know. “I know I was messed-up before you, but since the Sarah incident, I’ve never cheated on you, Krissan. Not once. I have no desire for, or have any attraction to, anyone but you.”
“I believe you,” she whispered.
“Then what the fuck are you afraid of?!” he shouted, growing angry all over again. “Everything I own, you own. That makes you a fucking billionaire. You have me all to yourself. Everything. How can you be so selfish, Krissan?!”
She bit her lip and dropped her head, refusing to answer.
Trevillo was getting nowhere with her. Krissan knew the depth of his love for her and knew he wouldn’t leave her, so she felt she was safe in doing whatever she wanted in their marriage, selfishly knowing he’d let it slide, because he always let her shit slide, loving her too much to argue and risk losing her. But, could he let this one slide?
Ultimatum, Trev, ultimatum. Sometimes you have to play dirty to win. To get your way. To secure what’s yours.
Or, sometimes you just have to walk away.
Clearing his throat, Trevillo spoke in a tone he knew she would sure as shit recognize as his serious tone. The tone that left no room for disputes. The tone he used when brooking no negotiation.
“Here’s the deal: You don’t want kids, obviously. That’s where you stand, and I respect that. I, however, am not getting any younger. It can’t just be me, you, sex, and wealth. I want kids. I want a family. I don’t want to live in a penthouse for the rest of my life. I want a home with a backyard, a pond, and my three little kids running around. I want to hear tiny little humans calling me ‘Daddy’, climbing all over me, asking me tons of annoying questions, falling asleep in my arms while I read them fairytales … ”
Trevillo trailed off, his heart warming at the prospect. “I love you, Krissan. I always will. And I wish you could’ve been the woman to give me that: a family and a meaningful future. Unfortunately, you don’t want the same things I want.”
Pushing up from the bed, he stood and straightened his jacket. “I’m filing for divorce.”



Trev & Krissy
Part 2
A loud gasp escaped her, and Trevillo tried his damnedest not to wince at the painful sound. She clutched her stomach, and her body rocked forward as she sobbed.
Trevillo wanted to sweep her up in his arms and make the pain she felt melt away. But he was hurting, too. Who would hold him and make his pain go away?
He didn’t want to divorce her, but if she didn’t want kids, if she wouldn’t budge, he had no choice. He would never find someone to replace her. Never. Krissan was irreplaceable. But he would find someone to love him enough to want to have his babies, even if he didn’t love them back.
Keeping his stance, he walked past her and tossed over his shoulder, “Don’t worry, the divorce will be in your favor. Whatever you ask for, I’ll give you … ” He stopped at the door and looked back at her — her small frame convulsing with gut-deep sobs. He hated this. Every bit of it. “I’ll phone Marcello and let him know we won’t be showing up for dinner this evening.”
He stalked out of the room, his heart breaking with each step he made. Crack. Crack. Crack. Blood and fucking arteries.
This. Shit. Hurts.
With a trembling hand, he nabbed his cellphone from the coffee table in the living room and went to the elevator. Standing there for a minute, he turned and went back to the living room, shoving a hand through his hair. Trying again, he jaunted to elevator, but only ended up staring at the closed doors for another minute before turning and heading back to the living room.
Fuck.
Unable to make himself leave the apartment — leave her — he sat down in a sofa chair, blocking out his wife’s sobs which grew louder by the minute, echoing from the bedroom. He needed to ignore it, make himself not care, just like she was so good at doing.
He slid his thumb across the screen of his cellphone to unlock it, and there was a text message from Sadie. When he opened it, he couldn’t believe his eyes. They were photos of his nephew, Nathan, grinning!
Unbelievable.
This was some epic shit. Trevillo had convinced himself, and everyone else, Nathan was the anti-Christ. He was a very scary, very intimidating little dude, and he couldn’t even walk yet. He never smiled, glared a lot, and his tiny hands were always balled into tight fists. But now, in these photos, he was grinning. Epic.
As Trevillo scrolled through the photos, his decision to divorce his wife strengthened. He most certainly wanted kids. He wanted to take photos like these one day and send them out to his family. He couldn’t go on with her if she wouldn’t give him that much. He’d given her everything she ever wanted. Needed. Never cheated, remained completely faithful since the day he said “I do”.
He couldn’t understand why she would do this to him. How she could hurt him like this and not give a shit.
Sighing, he stopped torturing himself and cleared the photos and dialed his father’s number. It started ringing when Krissan came barreling into the room. Her eyes swollen, her face soaked with her tears, her gaze fixed on him as she marched right up to where he was sitting and knocked his cellphone out of his hand.
Trevillo winced as the phone crashed to the ground, skidding across the tiles and disappearing under the sofa across from him.
Jabbing a finger in his face, she hissed, “You can’t leave me. I won’t let you fucking leave me. You promised me you wouldn’t leave me!”
“Should’ve found out first if you wanted kids before I made that promise.” He shrugged, insouciant. “My bad.”
Krissan’s face crumpled like a demolished building as she cried, “You said I would be your end.”
Staring up into her weeping blue eyes, he assured her, “You are my end. I’ll never love again. You’ve murdered me, Krissan. Ruined me for the next woman. She’ll carry my children, but I’ll never love her. I’ll be soulless, emotionless, empty. I’ll never love anyone but you.”
Krissan made a ferocious growling sound and fisted her hands at her sides. “There. Won’t. Be. A. Next. Fucking. Woman!!! Because you are not leaving me!!”
Veins bulged on her forehead and on her slim, delicate neck, her temples red as blood. He’d never seen her so enraged before, but divorce was a serious threat, so he couldn’t have expected anything milder.
“I am leaving you, Krissan,” he said with force. “We’ve reached an impasse, and divorce is the only road left to take.”
Violently trembling, she glared at him, inhaling choppy breaths, opening and closing her fists. Then all of a sudden, she dropped to her knees in front of him and said in rush, “I’ll have your babies. Don’t leave me, Trev. I’ll have your babies. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Trevillo shook his head. “No, no. I’m not letting you do something you don’t want and risk having you resent me in the long run.”
But Krissan vehemently wagged her head. “Babe, I want to have your kids. I was just afraid. Afraid kids would ruin us. Ruin everything.”
Trevillo watched her without a word. She was only conceding to save their marriage. He wanted her to want this as much as he did. He didn’t want a wife who would begrudge him later on. No way. He could be a lot of things, but selfish wasn’t one of them.
“I’m not lying this time, Trev, I swear!” she cried. “I didn’t want to have kids because I love having sex with you.”
Huh? “Huh?”
Reaching for his hands, she laced her fingers with his. “Babe, when we have sex, we create magic. We leave earth. We travel the fucking universe. Sex with you goes on and never ends. It transcends. I’m fucking addicted to it. Addicted to you. I didn’t want to share you.”
She paused and took a breath as another sob tried to leave her. “Kids will ruin it. They’re whiny and needy and will take up a lot of our time. You already travel a lot. How will it be when little noisy brats come along? You won’t have time for me. You’ll love them more than me. I don’t want to lose you, not even to my own babies. You are mine, Trev, mine!”
Mouth agape, Trevillo could only stare at his wife. The hell? “Krissan, you’re talking like a woman obsessed.”
“I am obsessed!” she yelled. “A wife obsessed with her fucking husband. And I want to have your kids. I’m going to have your kids. There won’t be a ‘next woman’ for you, Trev. Five years ago, you chose me. Me! Divorce is nowhere in our future. Nowhere. If I have to sacrifice having mind-blowing sex with you, so be it. Whatever it takes to keep you. I’ll give you a mouthy little brat like Lovette or scary little freak like Nathan. Anything. Anything. Just don’t leave me.”
A slow smile crept onto Trevillo’s face. “You aren’t sacrificing anything, Krissan. I’ll make sure our sex life remains the same, better even. But, I will share my love and affection between you and my kids, and I’ll be displeased if you don’t do the same. As for time, we can work on that. If we’re going to start a family, I’ll set things in place so I can work mostly from home. Travel as less as possible. I’ll never neglect you, babe. You’ll never stop being the center of my world. There’s nothing for you to be afraid of.”
She nodded, eagerly. “Okay. Okay. I believe you. I trust you.”
Tightening the fingers that were laced together, Trevillo pulled her up onto his lap. Krissan spared no time in straddling him and crashing her mouth down to his.
Her lips were so much softer after being marinated with her tears, and her tongue was enthusiastic, unrelenting, as it roamed his mouth. She wasn’t giving him a chance to breath.
Over the years, Krissan had grown overly sexual, perpetually aroused, always initiating, more than was probably normal. But Trevillo had never considered the possibility she was becoming an addict, a nympho.
He’d done that to her, and at the moment, he wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing. Whether good or bad, however, he’d be sure to keep her satisfied, sated. Making sure she never, ever felt neglected or unwanted.
Krissan unlaced their fingers and reached down between them to undo his belt buckle, but Trevillo grabbed her wrists to stop her. “No, Krissan.”
“No?”
“No.” He shook his head to emphasize. “I’m not having sex with you again until you get some sort of fertility cleanse to get rid of the synthetic hormones stemming from your long use of birth control. That way, I’ll know for sure my sperm’s not being wasted on an impregnable egg anymore.”
“Are you serious right now?”
“Dead,” he said with a sharp nod. “That’s your punishment.”
“But it’s Thanksgiving,” she whined. “Doctor Leeman’s in Iowa visiting his family, he won’t be back in the office until next week.”
Trevillo wrapped an arm around her waist and stood up from the sofa chair, setting his wife on her feet. “Use your rabbit if you want an orgasm. But, until your system’s clean, I’m not giving you one.”
“Using sex as a weapon is a low blow, Trev,” she spat, smoothing out the creases in her silk dress.
Ignoring that, he paced his words as he said, “Babe, if we’re not getting a divorce, then we don’t have an excuse to skip Thanksgiving dinner, which means, we have to go … .right now.”
Krissan turned to the adjacent wall, checked the time and swore, “Oh shit!” and started scrambling down the hall to the bedroom. “Gonna fetch my make-up kit so I clean up my face in the car. Meet you at the elevator.”
Chuckling lightly, Trevillo headed for the elevator but stopped dead as a wave of nausea passed over him. His head spun for a minute, leaving him in vertigo. Aftershock? The reality of what just happened — almost happened was starting to sink in.
He almost lost her.
Holy fucking shit, what was he thinking threatening divorce?
He almost lost her, again.
He should apologize. He should apologize.
If he felt like this now, would he have even been able to go through with a divorce if she hadn’t caved? Not in a million, because he couldn’t even leave the goddamn penthouse when he’d tried earlier.
Taking a deep breath, he resumed his steps and tried pushing aside the awful feeling that came over him. That was close.
Grabbing his One-77 car key, he reached the elevator and pressed the call button just as Krissan got back to him.
The love of his life. His angel’s feather. His forever.
He snaked an arm around her, tucking her into his side. “Krissan?”
“Babe?” she answered.
“Don’t ever lie to me again.”
On a deep sigh, she replied, “I won’t. I promise.”
Trevillo wasn’t sure he believed she would keep her promise. But he knew now whether or not she did, he wouldn’t ever do something as stupid as divorce her. So, he tightened his arm around her, kissed the top of her head, and waited for the elevator to open.
Marcello was going to spray his shit all over them.



Father Nelson
Marcello sucked in a deep draw of his cigar, looking down through his bedroom window at the chaos of vehicles speeding into his residence, each one braking to a screeching halt as they parked haphazardly around the imposing marble fountain at the front of his mansion.
His family.
A smirk formed on his lips as he watched them all bustle out of their vehicles, frenetic, racing each other up the steps to the house. They were all afraid of him, this he knew. Afraid of how he’d react to their tardiness. Afraid of getting on his bad side — because nobody liked being on Marcello Nelson’s bad side.
He liked that everyone in his family feared him. It was quite the power to have, no lie. However, he wasn’t that way just for the sake of being an asshole. He wasn’t a megalomaniac as they all seemed to think. He didn’t use his puissance to bring people under submission just because he could. Not at all.
Marcello was a family man. Nothing meant more to him in the world than his family. So he acted the way he did with his family because he wanted them all to be successful in their own right. To walk their own path. Build their own strength. Master their own world. And to love each other, value each other, look out for each other, and take care of each other — because a family bonded was the greatest form of strength and alliance there was.
Uncaring of how they viewed or regarded him, he stood over their backs and made sure they chose the right career path, the right women, the right future. Making decisions that were durable, eternal even — legacies lasting for generations to come.
The women he’d chased off from his sons weren’t women who were worthy of them. And he was positive they were thankful, though they would never admit it aloud. He’d wanted strong women for his sons: women who could stand on their own two feet and fight, women who didn’t need their husband’s spotlight to shine. Women, who could take over, take control if their husbands should suffer any infirmities. The ones who ran at his first cold glower, were ones who didn’t have what it takes to be a Nelson.
That’s what made Sadie his favorite daughter-in-law. She was a fighter. He wouldn’t let her know the depth of his love for her, though — well, at least not until his lawyer read his will.
Axia, she was innately a fighter. Powerful. One who intimidates the intimidator. He never once had any concerns where she was concerned — she was a gem, the epitome of what a strong woman should be.
Krissan, he considered her cool and deadly: innocuous on the outside, insidious on the inside. She was like a snake you observed, charming from a distance, learning her secrets and disarming her before getting too close — he adored her.
Marcello took one last drag and butted out his cigar on the windowsill. Now, he could die peacefully, knowing his sons, his entire family, would thrive. They’ve all made perfect decisions, and he was proud of them. He fought long enough to stay alive — for them — beating their backs, making sure they got it right.
Now, his work was done.
He could go to rest with a smile, knowing without a single doubt in his mind that his clone, Natalio, would do an excellent job protecting and taking care of the family. Natalio, his third child, was everything Marcello was and more. He would be a better guardian for the Nelsons than Marcello ever was; he was sure of this.
Marcello tried to force back the tears threatening to leave his eyes. His will was already drafted, everything tightly in order. Even his beautiful wife finally came to terms with the inevitable. So, it was safe to reveal what he’d been hiding.
They would be shocked, of course. No one but his wife knew he was a smoker. A chain-smoker. A nasty habit he’d been unable to break. Even now when he was dying slowly from lung cancer, he was still unable to break the habit.
Early last year, he was told by his doctor he had less than two years to live. Now it was down to less than five months. He had put on a front of fitness and health to conceal his deplorable condition. Time was running out, and letting his family know the truth was long overdue.
He wouldn’t live to see another Thanksgiving, so even though he knew they were all shaking in their boots downstairs, expecting him to blow their heads off for being late, this Thanksgiving dinner would be different, a mellow one. No cold, hard stares, brash words, or berating from the powerful Marcello Nelson tonight.
One, because it was their last Thanksgiving with him — he needed to leave at least one good memory of himself with them. And, two, because at the end of the feasting, toasting, and thanksgiving, he would break devastating news to them.
Their powerful, formidable father was going to die.
See, kids? I’m mortal, just like you are.
Turning on his heels, Marcello started out of the room, ready and willing to spend his last Thanksgiving dinner with his family in the best fashion he possibly could.
It was then the tears sparingly came in single, meaningful drops.
Drop.
Natalio, you are strength, power, reliance, focus and determination. When I go, you will supplant me, standing in as head of the family and be a better leader than I.
Drop.
Lovello, you are merriment, laughter, wisdom, knowledge, and understanding. When I go, you will be the one to keep values and upright living alive in the family, reminding everyone it’s okay to smile, laugh, and enjoy life.
Drop.
Trevillo, you are rebellion, redemption, contradiction, growth, and change. When I go, you will be the healer in the family, reminding everyone bad trees can indeed bear good fruit — I’m proud of you most of all.
Drop.
I love all of you.
Drop. Drop.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Flowing tears.
Goodbye Nelsons.



Acknowledgement

THANK YOU:

To my God: the most high Jehovah.
I wade through life boldly, faithfully, hopefully because I know You are there, right by my side. I’m bad, so very bad, but You love me all the same. More so because I’m bad than I’m good; because You are not here for the perfect, but the imperfect. Thank you for being my companion, my provider, my healer, my deliverer, the One I can talk to when no one’s there to lend a listening ear. I. LOVE. YOU.

To Mrs. K. Wignall.
My wifey — who also happen to have three kids and a husband. Woman, I love you. Hard. You are my name, address and telephone number — because I have none of my own! Half the times we’re oceans apart, but our bond remains strong. Thank you for being an amazing, badass amiga.

To Tirza.
The woman with a big heart. Real. Genuine. Authentic. I archive your unfailing messages of support and encouragement, and whenever I’m feeling like a big, fat loser, I read them for invigoration. Your faith in me, hunnii, keeps me going. And I know that, at the end of the day, when everyone stops believing in me, I will always have one person in my corner, and that’s you. I cherish you. I heart you. I miss you. Worlds away, but our friendship will never decay.

To Vashti.
You know your special place in my heart. Love you loads.

To the amazing KarenAnne L.
Oh lawd, what a mess this book would have been without you! Readers would be bombarded with over a thousand of the unnecessary words ‘that’ and ‘then’ had it not been for your red pen (translate track changes). Thank you. Thank you. Thank You!

To the readers.
Your exuberant messages and emails keeps me writing. Thank you so much for taking a chance on my stories!

And to all, I say:
ONE LOVE



About The Author

S. Ann Cole is a passionate writer and reader, and a lover of anything that distracts her from the real world. Ms. Cole is not your typical girl. She hates chocolate, candle-lit dinners and all that hearts and flowers stuff makes her feel awkward, coffee makes her drowsier than ever, and she tends to talk to herself, a lot.
Having an obsessive and unquenchable affair with the written word, she’s naturally a recluse who dwells inside her imagination and has to suffer continual bashings from her friends for being a neglectful pal who does nothing but sit around the computer all day, writing.
Like a big kid, Ms. Cole loves watching Disney Channel, enjoys a big bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats cereal and prays to our God like it’s nobody’s business — well, it really isn’t. When she isn’t abusing her computer keyboard, you can find her nosing a novel, nursing a glass of red wine, tweeting about every minuteness of her life, or disturbing her neighbors with her rugged voice, trying and failing to hit those notes of Beyonce’s Listen (she really ought to leave the singing department alone!)
Lean in a little closer, here’s a secret she wants to share with you. Yes, you. S. Ann Cole can easily be bought with a really, really good bottle of red wine. Shh, don’t tell anyone, okay? *wink*



Contact Ann
Twitter @AnnColeRomance 
  or
  Website www.AnnCole.net
or
Goodreads S. Ann Cole
or
Facebook www.facebook.com/S.AnnColeRomance



For The Reader

Thank you for purchasing and reading this ebook. If you enjoyed it please leave a short review on book-related sites such as Amazon and Goodreads. Readers rely on reviews, as do authors.



E-Book Design & Format
Ebook conversion by EBookBuilders

  the digital division of The Book Connection



Verified ePUBcheck










